Abhogi (pronounced ābhōgi) is a raga in Carnatic music and has been adapted to Hindustani music.
0.93 (Abhogi; is; a raga in Carnatic music)
0.38 (ābhōgi); is a raga in; Carnatic music)

Ābhōgi is a symmetric pentatonic scale that does not contain panchamam and nishadam.
0.82 (Ābhōgi; is; a symmetric pentatonic scale that does not contain panchamam and nishadam)
0.91 (a symmetric pentatonic scale; does not contain; panchamam and nishadam)

Ābhōgi is considered a janya raga of Kharaharapriya, the 22nd Melakarta raga, though it can be derived from Gourimanohari too, by dropping both panchamam and nishadam.
0.49 (it; can be derived too; from Gourimanohari)
0.41 (it; by dropping; both panchamam and nishadam)

Abhogi is a scale that is used for compositions in a medium to fast tempo.
0.90 (Abhogi; is; a scale that is used for compositions in a medium to fast tempo)
0.89 (a scale; is used; for compositions in a medium)

Ābhōgi's notes when shifted using Graha bhedam, yields another pentatonic rāgam Valaji.
0.93 (Ābhōgi's notes; shifted using; Graha bhedam)

Inscriptional evidence suggests Purandara Dasa was born in 1484 CE in Kshemapura, near Tirthahalli, Shivamogga district, Karnataka state.
0.90 (Inscriptional evidence; suggests; Purandara Dasa was born in 1484)
0.78 Context(Inscriptional evidence suggests,List([0, 31))):(Purandara Dasa; was born; T:in 1484)

Bhairavi is a janya rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music).
0.95 (Bhairavi; is; a janya rāgam in Carnatic music)
0.88 (Bhairavi; is a janya rāgam in; Carnatic music)

Ragas which have similar murchanas and/or anya swara patterns to Bhairavi include Manji, Mukhari, and Huseni.
0.88 (Ragas; have; similar murchanas; anya swara patterns)
0.98 (Ragas which have similar murchanas and/or anya swara patterns to Bhairavi; include; Manji, Mukhari, and Huseni)

Though a Raga called Bhairavi also exists in Hindusthani music, it is very different from the Carnatic version.
0.94 (a Raga; called; Bhairavi)
0.93 (a Raga; also exists; L:in Hindusthani music)
0.57 (it; is; very different from the Carnatic version)

Niraval also known as Neraval or Sahitya Vinyasa is considered to be one of the important features in the extempore improvisation aspect (Manodharma Sangita) of Carnatic music.
0.93 (Niraval; also known; as Neraval or Sahitya Vinyasa)

Tanam is one of the most important forms of improvisation, and is integral to ragam, tanam and pallavi.
0.94 (Tanam; is; one of the most important forms of improvisation)
0.93 (Tanam; is; integral to ragam, tanam and pallavi)
0.89 (Tanam; is one of; the most important forms)

Kalyani is slightly difficult to elaborate on in raaga alapana due to its similarity with Sankarabharanam with the only difference of the Madyamam (Ma).

Kaḷyāṇī has many janya rāgams (derived scales) associated with it, of which Hamīr Kaḷyāṇī, Mohanakalyani, Saranga, Sunadavinodini and Yamuna Kaḷyāṇī are very popular.
0.94 (Kaḷyāṇī; has; many janya rāgams (derived scales) associated with it, of which)
0.92 (many janya rāgams; derived; scales)
0.86 (many janya rāgams; associated; with it)
0.85 (Hamīr Kaḷyāṇī, Mohanakalyani, Saranga, Sunadavinodini and Yamuna Kaḷyāṇī; are; very popular)

Kalyani's notes when shifted using Graha bhedam, yields 5 other major Melakarta rāgams, namely, Hanumatodi, Sankarabharanam, Natabhairavi, Kharaharapriya and Harikambhoji.
0.93 (Kalyani's notes; shifted using namely; Graha bhedam)

The Kafi thaat of Hindustani music is the equivalent of Kharaharapriya.
0.95 (Hindustani music; is; the equivalent of Kharaharapriya)
0.38 (Hindustani music; is the equivalent of; Kharaharapriya)

Todi in Carnatic music, is different from Todi (thaat) of Hindustani music (North Indian classical music) The equivalent of Carnatic Todi in Hindustani is Bhairavi thaat.
0.94 (Todi in Carnatic music; is; different from Todi (thaat) of Hindustani music)
0.96 Context(Todi in Carnatic music is,List([0, 26))):(The equivalent of Carnatic Todi in Hindustani; is; Bhairavi thaat)

Asaveri is a janya scale, as it does not have all the seven swaras (musical notes) in the ascending scale, and has a vakra (zigzag) descending scale.
0.94 (Asaveri; is; a janya scale)
0.57 (it; does not have; all the seven swaras (musical notes) in the ascending scale)
0.89 (a vakra; descending; scale)

Asaveri is an asymmetric rāgam that does not contain gandharam and nishadam in the ascending scale.
0.90 (Asaveri; is; an asymmetric rāgam that does not contain gandharam and nishadam in the ascending scale)
0.90 (an asymmetric rāgam; does not contain; gandharam and nishadam)

Asaveri is an audava-vakra-sampurna rāgam.
0.94 (Asaveri; is; an audava-vakra-sampurna rāgam)

The equivalent of Mohanam in Hindustani music is Bhoop.
0.97 (The equivalent of Mohanam in Hindustani music; is; Bhoop)

Dhanammal was born in George Town, Madras (now Chennai), into a family of professional musicians and dancers.
0.93 (Dhanammal; was born; L:in George Town)

Thanjavur Brinda (1912-1996) was one of the representatives of the Veenai Dhanammal school of Carnatic Music.
0.96 (Thanjavur Brinda; was; one of the representatives of the Veenai Dhanammal school of Carnatic Music)
0.50 (Brinda ( 1912-1996 ); was one of; the representatives)

