Lower caps indicate komal or flat notes , indicates higher octave , indicates lower octave .
It is an Audava-Sampoorna raga , implying that it has 5 notes in Arohana and 7 in Avarohana .
The madhyam is the most important note - an important nyaas sthaan with emphasized elaboration around this note - S g M , M g M , g M P , M P g M P g g M .
The Rishabh and the Dhaivat are skipped in Aarohi passages , but are given due importance when descending .
 Use of the the Dhaivat and The Rishabh is symmetric and both are approached via the succeeding notes
 Pandit Vijay Sardeshmukh is a noted Indian classical vocalist and disciple of Kumar Gandharva Pandit Vijay Sardeshmukh is an honored guru for post graduation studies in Pune University .
Pt .
 Vijay Sardeshmukh , born in June 1952 was initiated into music by Pandit Vijay Sardeshmukh Father , Vitthalrao Sardeshmukh .
Vitthalrao was a Sanskrit pandit , a vocalist and an accomplished harmonium player .
 Vitthalrao accompanied many vocalists of renown including Pt .
Bhimsen Joshi , Pt .
Kumar Gandharva and others .
 Kumar Gandharva , who was a good friend of Vitthalrao , later became Vijays Guru .
 Vijay 's has learned from Kumar Gandharva 1971 onward .
 Gifted with melodious voice , Vijay 's made Vijay 's debut in `` Swar sadhana Conference '' organised in Alurkar Music House Pune in 1974 .
Since then he has performed in many concerts of repute , including the Sawai Gandharva and Tansen Samaroha .
He is Graded Artist of All India Radio and Doordarshan since 1977 .
His cassettes and C D s are released by HMV and Alurkar Music House Pune .
Amongst Pt .
Kumar Gandharvas desciples , Vijay 's presentation is widely recognized as very close to that of his Guru .
A meditative quality that prevailed in Kumar Gandharvas music can be richly experienced in Vijays music .
Kumar Gandharvas education always included singing as well as discussion .
 Kumar Gandharvas education was this fusion of thought process and music that Vijay 's inherited from Kumar Gandharva which prompted concerts like Kalyan Darshan .
Vijay 's voice was moulded further under Kumar Gandharvs guidance who was known to be well versed with the science of voice culture .
Two Tanpuras , tuned to the highest degree of perfection , play a vital role in Vijay 's music .
 To quote Kumar Gandharva 's thought behind this , `` This is Two Tanpuras canvass , how can an artist paint in thin air ? ''
 Drawing on the tanpuras , Vijay 's is known to make the air vibrant with various ragas with minutest of the shruti differences .
 Thus entwined , Vijay 's points , in the minds of Vijay 's audience .
 Known for Vijay 's soft spoken and modest nature Vijay 's is a man of few words but boundless music within Vijay 's .
 Vijay 's is retired from the service of Bank of India and is devoted Vijay 's life in classical music .
 Vijay 's has Two sons Swaand and Swaroop
Alladiya Khan was an Indian classical singer , known as Gaan Samraat .
 his father Ahmed Khan founded the Jaipur-Atrauli gharana based on the Agra gharana .
 his father Ahmed Khan is also recognized for his father Ahmed Khan revival and creations of many ragas .
Alladiya Khan was born in Uniara , a small village in the present Indian district of Tonk , then under the native state of Jaipur , on 10 August 1855 , in a family of musicians .
 Though his father Ahmed Khan father Ahmed Khan died early in Alladiyas life , his father Ahmed Khan uncle , Jehangir Khan , taught his father Ahmed Khan dhrupad for 5 years and then khyal for another 8 years .
Alladiya Khan served in the court of various kings of Rajasthan , including that of Amlata .
 his father Ahmed Khan sang so well and so much for the kings that his father Ahmed Khan nearly lost his father Ahmed Khan voice due to hours of riyaaz .
 While trying to regain his father Ahmed Khan voice his father Ahmed Khan developed a new and profound style of singing by which his father Ahmed Khan could sing without compromising the purity of raga but the passage , taans , and creativity of singing the raga .
 Later his father Ahmed Khan settled down in Kolhapur as the court musician of the local king , Shahu Maharaj .
 In 1922 his father Ahmed Khan moved to Mumbai after the king died .
 With his father Ahmed Khan distinguished reputation , Ustad Alladiya Khan became a gem among the many masters in Mumbai .
 his father Ahmed Khan taught many disciples and sang in many mehfils in Mumbai to which his father Ahmed Khan reputation as an academic grew .
 his father Ahmed Khan autobiography , as narrated to his father Ahmed Khan grandson Azizzudin Khan Sahab , is available in English translation , as My Life , translated with and introduction by Amlan Dasgupta and Urmila Bhirdikar , published by Thema , Kolkata , 2000 .
 Alladiya Khan was acknowledged for his father Ahmed Khan creation and resurrection of many complex Raags such as Nat Kamod , Bhoop Nat , Kaunsi Kanada , Sampoorna Malkauns , Basanti Kedar , Shuddha Nat , Malavi , Savani Kalyan , and many more .
 Many of these Raags were originally created and sung by the Havelis in northern Rajasthan , where Ustad Manji Khansahab grew up .
 Hearing the Haveli sangeet Ustad Manji Khansahab took many of the Raag-based Bhajans and created these Raags and Bandishes with Ustad Manji Khansahab .
 One of the these Raags these Raags resurrected was Raag Basanti Kanada .
 Few of the many Haveli sangeet dhrupads which Haveli made into Bandishes were the famous Raag Nayaki Kanada Bandish Mero Piya Rasiya and Bihagda Bandish Ye Pyaari pag hole .
 Ustad Manji Khansahab most principle disciples were his younger brother , Ustad Haider Khan and his own sons , Ustad Manji Khansahab and Ustad Bhurji Khansahab and his grandson Ustad Azizuddin Khansahab .
 Khansahabs brother helped grow the Jaipur-Atrauli Gharana after Ustad Manji Khansahab demise .
 Ustad Manji Khan , the second son * , died early in 1937 , so it was Ustad Bhurji Khan , the youngest son , who passed on the Gayaki of his father Ahmed Khan father to others worthy of the Gayaki of his father .
Mallikarjun Mansur and Appasaheb Deshpande are among noted deciples of Bhurji Khan .
 Apart from family , Ustad Manji Khansahab initial disciples were Bhaskarbuwa Bakhale , Kesarbai Kerkar Govind rao shaligram and Wamanrao Sadolikar , dhondutai kulkarni and in succeeding generation came proteges like , Mallikarjun Mansur and Padmavati Shaligram .
 In Mumbai , Alladiya Khan sahebs prime disciples were Kesarbai Kerkar , Mogubai Kurdikar and Nivruttibuwa Sarnaik .
 The Annual Ustad Alladiya Khan Music Festival is celebrated in Mumbai each year , where several singers and musicians perform , giving homage to his father Ahmed Khan .
In 2005 , the 150th birth anniversary of the musical legend was celebrated .
 In 2007 , the story of Ustad Alladiya Khan , and his father Ahmed Khan noted disciple , Kesarbai Kerkar , was the subject of Namita Devidayals acclaimed debut book , The Music Room
Amaan Ali Khan is an Indian classical musician who plays the sarod .
 the Sarod Maestro Amjad Ali Khan is the son of Amjad Ali Khan and often performs with the Sarod Maestro Amjad Ali Khan younger brother Ayaan Ali Khan , with whom the Sarod Maestro Amjad Ali Khan hosted the music talent show Sa Re Ga Ma .
A young talent of the seventh generation in an unbroken chain of the Senia Bangash School , Amaan Ali Khan , is the eldest son and disciple of the Sarod Maestro Amjad Ali Khan and grandson of Haafiz Ali Khan .
 Initiated into the fine art of the Sarod playing at a very tender age , the Sarod Maestro Amjad Ali Khan began the Sarod Maestro Amjad Ali Khan public performances as early as eight .
 Accompanying the Sarod Maestro Amjad Ali Khan father to various music festivals in India and abroad , he has today carved out a niche for himself .
His performances have evoked creditable applause .
His precision in tunefulness and his bold and resonant strokes are all pointers to importance of tradition and continuity in Indian Classical Music .
 Amaan 's is one of the most loved artists of India today and has performed in most of the mainstream Music Festivals of India , in India and abroad .
 Amaan 's performed in 1986 at the Festival of India in Moscow at the age of eight .
 Thereafter , Amaan 's made Amaan 's the UK debut in 1990 and Amaan 's US debut in New York at the Asia Society in 1991 .
 Today , Amaan 's is considered as one of the finest Sarod players and has obtained a very special place for Amaan 's among music enthusiasts across the world .
 Amaan 's is an inspiration for the younger generation of musicians .
 Amaan 's continues to enchant audiences with Amaan 's virtuosity , sheer brilliance and charismatic stage presence .
 Amaan 's has been a regular performer at Palais beaux-arts in Brussels , ESPLANADE in Singapore , Chicago Symphony Center , Carnegie Hall and Kennedy Center in the USA , Royal Festival Hall and Barbican Center in the UK .
 In addition Amaan 's has performed for the Temenos academy at St. James Palace in London for HRH Prince of Wales in 1995 , 1997 and 2003 .
 In 2001 and 2002 Amaan 's took part at the Summer Arts Festival in Seattle and the Edinburgh Festival in the UK .
 Amaan 's Australian Tour in 2003 included Amaan 's performances at the World Beat Festival in Brisbane , Opera House in Sydney and the WOMAD Festival in New Plymouth and Adelaide .
 Amaan 's performed with Cellist Matthew Barley and the National Youth Orchestra of Great Britain in July 2002 along with a series of workshops and also worked on Amaan 's critically acclaimed album Strings Attached with A Matthew Barley .
Other Festivals over the years include Womad and Salisbury Festival and the Enescu Festival in Bucharest .
In 2005 Amaan composed for the music for the film American Daylight by academy award winner Rodger Christian .
The spring of 2005 saw collaboration at the Savannah Music Festival in Georgia with the Derek Trucks Band .
Same year , he featured with his father in Real World Record 's much-acclaimed album Moksha in May 2005 .
 In July 2006 Amaan 's collaborated with Evelyn Glennie at Queen Elisabeth Hall at the Rhythm Sticks the Savannah Music Festival in Georgia and also appeared at the WOMAD Rivermead Festival .
 Amaan 's electronica lounge albums titled Reincarnation and ` Truth ' won Amaan 's critical acclaim .
 In 2009 , Amaan 's played at the United Nations in New York in presence of Ban Ki Moon to commemorate the Ode to Peace Concert along with Amaan 's Father .
 In April 2011 , Amaan 's collaborated with American Folk artist Carrie Newcomer at Lotus Arts Festival in Bloomington along with Amaan 's father and brother and also performed at The Palace of Fine Arts in San Francisco .
 Amaan 's performed recently at New York 's Metropolitan Museum and The Lensic in Santa Fe .
 The same year , Amaan 's performance with Amaan 's father recorded at Wigmore Hall released under the ` live at Wigmore Hall ' series in the UK .
 The latest album Rang - Colors of Sufism released in March features Amaan 's and Ayaan 's interpretations of traditional Qawwalis on the Sarod in 2012 .
 Amaan 's released Amaan 's solo album titled ` Amaan 's ' , in 2002 .
 On reviewing this album , Songlines World music magazine said that Amaan 's performance was a `` worthy heir to Amaan 's father 's crown . ''

Awards and accolades came his way early in life .
 From 2000 to 2001 , Amaan 's hosted a music series on Zee TV called ` Sa Re Ga Ma ' , with Amaan 's brother .
 In October 2002 , Amaan 's received Provogue Society 's Young Acheivers Award for performing Arts .
A recipient of the MTV 's Lycra Award for the Most Stylish person in Music in 2006 , he was honoured recently by the Mayor of the City of Tulsa , Oklahoma with the Keys to the City along with an Honorary Citizenship and the Bharat Shiromani Award for Instrumental music in 2007 .
He was also recently felicitated by the Swiss brand Raymond Weil for his achievements over the years at the launch of their new collection of timepieces titled Freelancer , in 2011 .
 In addition to playing the Sarod , Amaan 's co-authored a book with Amaan 's brother , the Sarod Maestro Amjad Ali Khan titled ` Abba-God 's greatest gift to us on Amaan 's father 's life ' in November 2002 .
Roli Books , Lustre Publications published the book as a part of their ` Family Pride ' series .
 Amaan 's has also anchored Top Drive , the all new television series on Star World that was aired from January end2003 for five episodes .
 Amaan 's also took part in the relay for the 2004 Athens Olympics in New Delhi in June 2004 .
 In early 2010 , Amaan 's co-authored Amaan 's second book with the Sarod Maestro Amjad Ali Khan called `` 50 Maestros 50 Recordings '' for Harper Collins and also released an album called `` The Music Room '' and `` Sarod Symphony '' with Amaan 's father and guru .
 Amaan 's performed at the Central Hall of the Indian Parliament on the commemoration of Indias 60th year of Independence in 2007 .
 Amaan 's recently performed at Stanford University 's Dinkelspiel Auditorium at the end of Amaan 's father 's Stanford University residency .
 Earlier this year Ananta Opus 195 , a concerto for sarod , symphonic and electronic orchestra Written by Pierre Thilloy and performed by the Sarod maestro Amjad Ali Khan , Amaan Ali Khan and Ayaan Ali Khan with the Avignon Provence Symphonic Orchestra and the Kords Collective , conducted by Samuel Jean premiered in India .
 Amaan 's recently presented Amaan 's father Sarod Concerto Samaagam with the London Philharmonia Orchestra with conductor David Murphy
Ustad Vilayat Khan was one of India s well known sitar maestros .
 Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan recorded Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan first 78-RPM disc at the age of 8 , and gave Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan last concert in 2004 at the age of 75 .
Vilayat Khan was born in Gauripur , British India to Enayat Khan , a sitar maestro .
 Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan family of musicians trace their pedigree back to the court musicians of the Mughals .
 His family of musicians father , recognised as a leading sitar and surbahar player of His father time , as had been the grandfather , Imdad Khan , before Imdad Khan .
 His father was taught in the family style , known as the Imdadkhani Gharana or Etawah Gharana , after small city close to Agra where Imdad Khan lived .
 However , Enayat Khan died when Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan was only nine , so much of Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan education came from the rest of Enayat Khan , a sitar maestro family : Enayat Khan , a sitar maestro uncle , sitar and surbahar maestro Wahid Khan , Enayat Khan , a sitar maestro maternal grandfather , singer Bande Hassan Khan , and Enayat Khan , a sitar maestro mother , Bashiran Begum , who had studied the practice procedure of Enayat Khan , a sitar maestro forefathers .
 Enayat Khan , a sitar maestro uncle Zinde Hassan looked after His uncle Zinde Hassan riyaz .
 As a boy , Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan wanted to be a singer ; but his mother , herself from a family of vocalists , felt he had a strong responsibility to bear the family torch as a sitar maestro .
 Vilayat Khan performed at All Bengal Music Conference , as Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan first concert , organized by Bhupen Ghosh in Kolkata with Ahmed Jan Thirakwa on tabla .
 Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan performance made headlines as Electrifying Sitar in Bombay next day of Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan concert organized by Vikramaditya Sangeet Parishad , Mumbai .
In the 1950s , Vilayat Khan worked closely with instrument makers , especially the famous sitar-makers Kanailal & Hiren Roy , to further develop the instrument .
 Also , Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan liked to perform without a tanpura drone , filling out the silence with strokes to Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan chikari strings .
 Some ragas Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan would somewhat re-interpret , others Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan invented Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan , but Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan was first and foremost a traditional interpreter of grand , basic ragas such as Yaman , Shree , Todi , Darbari and Bhairavi .
 When Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan died from lung cancer in 2004 , Vilayat Khan had been recording for over 65 years , broadcasting on All-India Radio since almost as far back and been seen as a master for 60 .
 Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan had been touring outside British India off and on for more than 50 years , and was probably the first Indian musician to play in England after independence .
 In the 1990s , Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan recording career reached a climax of sorts with a series of ambitious CDs for British India Archive Music in New York , some traditional , some controversial , some eccentric .
 Towards the end of Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan life , Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan also performed and recorded sporadically on the surbahar .
 Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan has performed duet concerts with maestros like Bismillah Khan , Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan .
 Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan composed and conducted the score for three feature films - Satyajit Rays Jalsaghar in Bengali , Merchant-Ivory Productions The Guru in English , and Madhusudan Kumars Kadambari in Hindi .
 In addition to these , Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan also gave music for a little-known documentary film in Bengali produced by Dr. Barin Roy .
 For Satyajit Rays Jalsaghar in Bengali Satyajit Rays Jalsaghar in Bengali won a Silver Medal for Composing at the 1st Moscow International Film Festival .
The Imdad Khan family is of Rajput lineage .
 The family is of The Hindu origin and later converted to Islam .
 In an informal continuation of The Imdad Khan family rajput lineage Ustad Enayat Khan kept a The Hindu name of Nath Singh .
 Ustad Vilayat Khan The Imdad Khan family composed many bandishes using the pen name Nath Piya .
 Vilayat Khan spent much of Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan life living in Calcutta .
 Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan was married twice .
 Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan had three children from Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan first marriage - Sufi singer Zila Khan and Yaman Khan and Sitarist Shujaat .
 From Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan second marriage Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan had one son Hidayat , also a professional Sitarist .
 Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan was survived also by Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan younger brother , Imrat Khan , the post-war star of the surbahar field .
 The brothers played celebrated duets in The brothers youth , but had a severe falling-out and for years were not on speaking terms .
His nephew Ustad Rais Khan is also a star sitar-player .
 Ustad Vilayat Khan took few disciples other than Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan sons ; among the best-known are Kashinath Mukherjee , Arvind Parikh , Kalyani Roy and Srimati Hasu Patel .
Late Tushar Banerjee .
Benzamin Gomin .
Amar Naskar .
 Mrs. Lakshmi Seshan now a teacher of the instrument in Benzamin Gomin . 80th year was a student of Vilayat Khan starting at the age of 12 .
The Maestro also gave sitar lessons to Big Jim Sullivan , the famous English session musician .
Ustad-e-Maa Zila Khan , the great Sufi singer from the Imdad Khani Gharana and daughter of Ustad Vilayat Khan 's was a formal student and Ustad Vilayat Khan empowered her to also be a successor of this great Gharana .
She is the first and only woman of this gharana who performs public concerts and her CD 's are very popular with the masses and the intellects alike .
 Sufi enjoyed horse-riding , pool playing , swimming and ballroom dancing .
 Sufi successes made Sufi rich , and though Sufi grew more pious late in life , Sufi used to drive sports cars and dress in haute couture , and also collected such various items as firearms , smoking pipes , antique European crockery , cut glass and chandeliers .
 In an interview , Ustad Vilayat Khan stated that Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan has settled in Princeton , New Jersey , USA and spends one half of the time here in training westerners into classical Indian music , and the other half time in British India .
Fans and media alike liked to play up Vilayat Khans rivalry with and animosity towards Ravi Shankar .
 However , in calmer moments Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan would admit there was not much to Vilayat Khans rivalry .
 Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan animosity for the politics and institutions of Indias cultural life was another matter .
 In 1964 and 1968 , respectively , Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan was awarded the Padma Shri and Padma Bhushan awards - Indias fourth and third highest civilian honours for service to the nation - but refused to accept them , declaring the committee musically incompetent to judge Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan .
 In January 2000 , when Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan was awarded the Padma Vibhushan , the second highest civilian award , Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan again refused , going so far as to call January 2000 an insult .
 This time , Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan criticism had a slightly different twist : Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan would not accept any award that other sitar players , Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan juniors and in Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan opinion less deserving , had been given before Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan .
 If there is any award for sitar in British India , I must get sitar in India first , Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan said , adding that there has always been a story of wrong time , wrong person and wrong award in this country .
 Among other honours Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan turned down was the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award .
 For a while , Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan also boycotted All-India Radio .
 The only titles Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan accepted were the special decorations of Bharat Sitar Samrat by the Artistes Association of India and Aftab-e-Sitar from President Fakhruddin Ali Ahmed .
 Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan kept Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan childhood interest in vocal music all Ali Akbar Khan , brother Imrat Khan life , often singing in concerts , and composed khyal bandishes using the pen name Nath Piya .
 Sitar Maestro Vilayat Khan Refuses Padma Bhushan , The The Hindu , February 7 , 2000
53431 is a Greatest Hits compilation by the electro-pop band Swami .
The title refers to the numerical spelling of the bands name .
This release is a milestone to mark 10 years of the bands existence , and contains the hits and most well known songs from the bands three studio albums , 1999s Desi Nu Skool Beatz , 2004s So Who Am I and 2007s Equalize .
 This release also contains two new songs reported to be from the bands upcoming studio album
Merukhand is an improvisational style in Hindustani classical music involving permutations of a fixed set of swaras or notes broken up in various ways , while retaining the proper emphasis on various notes as required by the raga .
Merukhand techniques were developed within the Bhendibazar gharana and popularized by masters like Aman Ali Khan and Abdul Waheed Khan .
 In the mid-1950s , they were adopted by the eclectic Amir Khan in Aman Ali Khan own badhat , although the eclectic Amir Khan in his own badhat did not use pure merukhand but inserted merukhandi passages into the eclectic Amir Khan in his own badhat performance .
 the eclectic Amir Khan in his own badhat disciple Thomas Ross says of this permutational style that .
 Merukhand is now a part of the improvisational strategy within the Indore gharana founded by Amir Khan
 Ustad Badruddin Manji Khan was a Hindustani Classical vocalist of the Jaipur-Atrauli Gharana founded by Hindustani Classical father , Utd .
Alladiya Khan .
Utd .
Manji Khan was the second son of Utd .
Alladiya Khan .
 Because of the health ailments of Alladiya Khan . other two brothers , elder Utd .
Nasiruddin Badeji Khan and younger Utd .
Shamsuddin Bhurji Khan , Utd .
Manji Khan was treated and chosen by Utd .
Alladiya Khan as the foremost inheritor and disciple of the Jaipur-Atrauli gayaki .
 He was called Ustad Badruddin Manji Khan because he was his fathers Manjhala son .
Utd .
Manji Khan was heavily influenced by Utd .
Rahimat Khan , a popular vocalist at the time , of the Gwalior Gharana .
The influence of Utd .
 Rahimat Khans style in Utd .
 Bhurji Khans singing earned Bhurji Khans singing the wrath of Bhurji Khans singing father , and thus gave up singing for a while .
 Bhurji Khans singing resumed it later , under Bhurji Khans singing fathers conditions .
 but Bhurji Khans singing career was cut short by Bhurji Khans singing early death .
Utd .
 Manji Khan was noted for Bhurji Khans singing serene face while singing , and earned popularity amongst younger listeners because of Bhurji Khans singing choice to punctuate the more serious classical fare with exquisitely sung lighter pieces .
Pt .
Mallikarjun Mansur became Utd .
 Manji Khans disciple just before Rahimat Khans death .
 Later , Mallikarjun Mansur learned under Bhurji Khan .
Utd .
 Gulubhai Jasdanwalla also learned from Utd .
Manji Khan for several years .
 It was through the initiative of a friend that Utd .
Manji Khan noticed Pt .
 Mallikarjun Mansur .
Already trained in the Gwalior style , Pt .
 Mallikarjun Mansur was able to absorb the rich Jaipur-Atrauli style of Utd .
Manji Khan .
Pt .
 Mallikarjun Mansur is Utd .
Manji Khans sole musical inheritor .
 Like Manji Khans sole musical inheritor . famous father , Utd .
Manji Khan did not leave behind any recordings
Gregory Rogove is an American indie music drummer and songwriter .
 Gregory Rogove is notable for partnering with indie artist Devendra Banhart to form the group Megapuss .
 Gregory Rogove signed a record contract with Knitting Factory Records in 2011 .
 Gregory Rogove grew up in Amish country in Lancaster , Pennsylvania of Jewish parents with some of Gregory Rogove distant ancestors being Mennonites .
 When eighteen , Gregory Rogove traveled to India on a year-long scholarship and studied the tabla .
 Gregory Rogove described India as a swirl of energy .
 Gregory Rogove traveled to Singapore , Mali , and Mexico .
 Gregory Rogove spent five weeks in China at the Peking Opera and commented that the sound of the gongs made it seem likely that ones head would split in two .
 The journeys influenced Gregory Rogove musical sensibility and helped Gregory Rogove achieve a rich repertoire with diverse influences from freak folk , psychedelic rock , progressive rock , classical music , punk rock and world music , according to one source .
 At Wesleyan University , Gregory Rogove studied musical composition .
 Upon Gregory Rogove graduation in 2002 , Gregory Rogove was the recipient of the Pokora Prize , awarded annually to the outstanding undergraduate student in music composition .
 In the music scene in New York City , Gregory Rogove founded a band called Tarantula A.D. which later became the band Priestbird .
 Gregory Rogove performed with artists such as Beck and met Paul McCartney .
 Gregory Rogove plays piano , organ , flute in addition to Gregory Rogove mainstay of writing songs .
The band Priestbird was formed by mutual associations of friends .
One reviewer described Rogove in Priestbird as anchoring a welcome foray into sludgy , feedback-heavy noise-rock after a performance in 2009 .
A second reviewer found the songs to be trippy and were more epic , heavy , and hypnotic .
 During these years A second reviewer became friends with musician Devendra Banhart , and they collaborated on songs and toured together .
 According to one account , Gregory Rogove and indie artist Devendra Banhart started Rogove and Banhart association on the project Megapuss as a joke but ended up writing numerous songs together , and the project gelled into a band and an album .
 The band was built for laughs and emphasized fun , and indie artist Devendra Banhart and Gregory Rogove had promotional pictures featuring the two men standing stark naked .
A reviewer later asked : Have you found yourself talking about your genitals a lot ?
 and Gregory Rogove said it had been a prescribed aesthetic decision in which everyone is very well represented .
The album Surfing was recorded in a cabin near Los Angeles and released in 2008 .
One report was that the words Mega puss translated from Swedish to English means Mega kiss or big kiss .
Reviews have varied from positive to mixed .
 One reviewer described the the project Megapuss album entitled Surfing as something that sounds like a freak pop version of the Doors and with a video that was entertaining as heck and might have been something the Monkees might have come up with after not showering for several weeks ... and taking lots of drugs .
Another wrote that it was not fruitful to search for levels of meaning in the song Chicken Titz but to just listen and laugh , and described the song Crop Circle Jerk 94 as warm and sunny .
The reviewer described Theme from Hollywood as having a catchy melody but criticized the meowing breakdown at the end of the song .
A third reviewer described the album as obnoxious
 Ladies First is the debut album of Desi / British Asian rapper Ms Scandalous , recorded almost three years after her Ladies First appearance with Panjabi Hit Squad with the track Hai Hai on their 2002 album The Streets .
PHS produced and co-wrote the album .
In addition to Ms Scandalous MCing , the album featured the sung vocals of Jaspinder Narula and Alyssia .
The video for Aaja Soniyah by Simon Poon-Tip entered the Top Ten of MTV Base , a first for an Asian female artist
 Shri is a British Asian Shri and producer .
 Shri specializes is acoustic , electric and computing based live performances .
 Shri incorporates traditional Indian instruments into Shri music .
 Shri grew up in Mumbai , India in a musically inclined family .
 Shris father plays the sitar , and Shris father mother and sister play the Carnatic violin .
 Shris father trained as a classical tabla player for about 14 years at Pandit Nikhil Ghoshs school in Mumbai .
 Tired of the rigidity of classical music , Shri went on to teach Shri bass , guitar and flute .
 Shri trademark instrument is one Shri handcrafted and designed Shri - a fretless bass guitar suited towards Shri unique approach of playing bass with a bow .
 Having previously played percussion in Indus Creed , a leading rock band in Mumbai , India , and bass in the jazz outfit Azure Hades , Shri moved to London in the 1990s and collaborated , as a bass player , with the London-based Asian acts like Talvin Singh , Nitin Sawhney and DJ Badmarsh .
 Shri toured for 5 years with Nitin Sawhney , which led in 1997 to Shris first solo album , Drum the Bass , produced by Nitin Sawhney and released by London-based label Outcaste Records .
 Later , DJ Badmarsh & Shri produced two albums for Outcaste Records as a duo , Dancing Drums in 1998 and Signs in 2001 .
 Shri released another solo album , East Rain , in 2005 , with Drum the Bass Records .
All of these albums mixed blended Electronica and Drum n Bass with traditional Indian ragas .
 Shri has also collaborated musically with theatrical productions - composing for Akademis 2001 Coming of Age dance project at Londons South Bank , the Builders Association / Motiroti co-production Alladeen in 2003 , and Tamasha Theatre Companys Strictly Dandia in 2005 .
 In 2007 , Shri released Seven Steps with Drum the Bass Records featuring Shri single , Just for a Minute .
 In 2011 , Shri produced and performed bass and bowed bass on the track Quest with Vivek Rajagopalan on the mridangam and kanjira , and Embar Kannan on violin and vocals .
 the track Quest was released by Folktronic , a sub-brand of Day 1 .
 Shri is also a composer for theatre productions .
 Shris latest avatar , Shris latest avatar , was designed to suit live performances wherein Shris latest avatar performs either solo as a multi-instrumentalist , or with collaborators .
 Shris latest avatar was premiered at Bonobo in Mumbai on 3 August 2011 .
 The second Shris latest avatar performance took place on 13 December 2011 at Blue Frog in Mumbai .
 In 2012 , Shris latest avatar performed a 4-day 4-city tour in Mumbai , India .
 Starting May 24 , Shris latest avatar performed in Delhi , Hyderabad , Jaipur and Pune .
 This tour was coordinated by Folktronic .
Indiecision Staff .
 Shris latest avatar recently wrote the music for Google Chromes video advertisement in Mumbai , India .
This video won the Gold and Silver awards at the Goa film festival .
 This video was short-listed for the CLIO 2012 awards in the category of Best Original Music .
 This video was also short-listed for the Cannes Lions awards .
He also scored Tata Sumo Gold 's latest video advertisement .
 Shris latest avatar was also featured in Season 1 of The Dewarists , on Episode 5 , `` Changing World '' filmed in Jaisalmer , with Monica Dogra and Rajasthan Roots .
The song Changing World was recorded .
The Dewarists won the bronze medal at Cannes Lions 2012 .
The bronze was awarded in the sub-category - ` Best non-fiction programme , series or film where a client has successfully created a reality '
Anoushka Shankar is an Indian sitar player and composer , and daughter of Ravi Shankar and half sister of Norah Jones .
 Anoushka Shankar was born in London into a Bengali Hindu family , and Anoushka Shankar childhood was divided between London and New Delhi .
 Anoushka Shankar is a daughter of Indian sitar maestro Ravi Shankar and Sukanya Shankar .
 Anoushka Shankar is also the paternal half-sister of American singer Norah Jones , and Shubhendra Shubho Shankar , who died in 1992 .
 As a teenager , Anoushka Shankar lived in Encinitas , California and attended San Dieguito Academy .
 A 1999 honors graduate , Shubhendra Shubho Shankar then decided to pursue a career in music rather than attend college .
 Anoushka Shankar began training on the sitar with Anoushka Shankar father as a child , with practice consisting of just a couple of sessions a week at the age of ten .
 Shubhendra Shubho Shankar gave Anoushka Shankar first public performance at the age of 13 at Siri Fort in New Delhi .
 By the age of fourteen , Anoushka Shankar was accompanying Anoushka Shankar father at concerts around the world , and signed Anoushka Shankar first record contract , with Angel Records at 16 .
 Anoushka Shankar released Anoushka Shankar first album , Anoushka , in 1998 , followed by Anourag in 2000 .
 Both Shubhendra Shubho Shankar and Norah Jones were nominated for Grammy awards in 2003 when Anoushka became the youngest-ever and first woman nominee in the World Music category for Anoushka third album , Live at Carnegie Hall .
 2005 brought the release of Anoushka fourth album RISE , earning Anoushka another Grammy nomination in the Best Contemporary World Music category .
 In February 2006 Anoushka became the first Indian to play at the Grammy Awards .
 Shubhendra Shubho Shankar , in collaboration with Karsh Kale , released Breathing Under Water on 28 August 2007 .
It is a mix of classical sitar and electronica beats and melodies .
 Notable guest vocals included her paternal half-sister Norah Jones paternal half-sister Norah Jones , Sting , and her paternal half-sister Norah Jones father , who performed a sitar duet with her paternal half-sister Norah Jones .
 Shubhendra Shubho Shankar has made many guest appearances on recordings by other artists , among them Sting , Lenny Kravitz and Thievery Corporation .
Duetting with violinist Joshua Bell , in a sitar-cello duet with Mstislav Rostropovich , and with flautist Jean-Pierre Rampal , playing both sitar and piano .
 Most recently Shubhendra Shubho Shankar has collaborated with Herbie Hancock on Shubhendra Shubho Shankar latest record The Imagine Project .
 Shubhendra Shubho Shankar has given soloist performances of violinist Joshua Bell fathers 1st Concerto for Sitar and Orchestra worldwide .
 In January 2009 violinist Joshua Bell was the sitar soloist alongside the Orpheus Chamber Orchestra for the series of concerts premiering violinist Joshua Bell father 's 3rd Concerto for Sitar and Orchestra , and in July 2010 violinist Joshua Bell premiered Ravi Shankars first symphony for sitar and orchestra with the London Philharmonic Orchestra at Londons Barbican Hall .
 Shubhendra Shubho Shankar has also ventured into acting -RRB- and writing .
She wrote a biography of her father , , in 2002 and has contributed chapters to various books .
As a columnist she wrote monthly columns for Indias First City Magazine for three years , and spent one year as a weekly columnist for Indias largest newspaper , the Hindustan Times .
 Shubhendra Shubho Shankar recorded her following album in Madrid , Spain .
Released in autumn 2011 , Traveller is an exploration of the commonalities and differences between classical Indian music and Spanish flamenco , and features Shubha Mudgal , Tanmoy Bose , Pepe Habichuela , Sandra Carrasco and Duquende among others .
 On 29 November 2002 , Anoushka Shankar was the opening act at the Concert for George Harrison , a posthumous tribute to the life and music of George Harrison , held at the Royal Albert Hall in London .
 Anoushka Shankar was the principal performer in the entire first set or Indian portion of the concert .
 Anoushka Shankar opened the show by playing a solo sitar instrumental titled Your Eyes .
 Also on the sitar , Anoushka Shankar performed George Harrison s The Inner Light with Jeff Lynne .
 Lastly , Anoushka Shankar conducted a new composition , Arpan , written by Arpan father .
The composition featured Eric Clapton playing acoustic guitar .
 The concert was modelled after Ravi Shankars benefit concert with George Harrison , the 1971 Concert for Bangladesh .
Anoushka Shankar was invited by Richard Gere and Philip Glass to perform in a concert at the Avery Fisher Hall in 2003 in aid of the Healing the Divide : A Concert for Peace and Reconciliation .
 Shubhendra Shubho Shankar and Jethro Tull postponed a concert scheduled for 29 November 2008 in Mumbai after the 2008 Mumbai attacks .
 Shankar and Jethro Tull reorganised the performance as A Billion Hands Concert , a benefit performance for victims of the attacks , and held it on 5 December 2008 .
 Shubhendra Shubho Shankar commented on this decision stating that : As a musician , this is how I speak , how I express the anger within I our entire tour has been changed by these events and even though the structure of the concert may remain the same , emotionally perhaps we are saying a lot more .
 Shubhendra Shubho Shankar is a supporter of animal rights and People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals .
 She and She father appeared in a thirty-second public-service announcement against animal suffering .
 Anoushka is also the spokesperson for the United Nations World Food Programme in India .
 Anoushka Shankar , has thrown Anoushka Shankar weight behind an online campaign on Change.org , demanding an end to crime against women in the wake of the New Delhi gang rape .
The campaign invites one billion women and those who love them to walk out , Dance , rise up , and demand an end to this violence .
As part of the campaign , she released a video in which she revealed she had been sexually abused by a family friend .
 Shubhendra Shubho Shankar lives between the United States , the United Kingdom , and India .
She is married to British director Joe Wright and their first child , Zubin Shankar Wright , was born on 22 February 2011
Ustad Shahid Parvez Khan is a sitar player of Hindustani classical music .
 Ustad Shahid Parvez Khan carries on a legacy of sitar playing that goes back several generations in Ustad Shahid Parvez Khan family .
 Ustad Shahid Parvez Khan belongs to the famous Etawah Gharana and belongs to the seventh generation of this musical lineage .
 Ustad Shahid Parvez Khan is one of India 's most celebrated younger musicians , praised especially for the vocalistic phrasing of Ustad Shahid Parvez Khan raga improvisations .
Born in Mumbai , India .
 Ustad Shahid Parvez Khan was initiated into the rich music of the Gharana by Ustad Shahid Parvez Khan illustrious father and Guru Ustad Aziz Khan , a famous musician and a noted composer and the son of the legendary Sitar and Surbahar virtuoso Ustad Wahid Khansahab .
 As is the custom , Ustad Aziz Khan first initiated Ustad Aziz Khan son into vocal music and tabla before training Ustad Aziz Khan on the Sitar over many years with all the intensity and rigor that has made this Gharana famous .
 Incidentally , Ustad Aziz Khan got Ustad Aziz Khan vocal training from Ustad Aziz Khan own uncle Ustad Hafeez Khan a famous singer and a surbahar and sitar exponent and received taleem in tabla for many years from Ustad Munnu Khan of the Delhi Gharana .
 Ustad Aziz Khan family has produced the many of the most revered and influential instrumentalists in Hindusthani Classical Music including the likes of Ustad Sahabdad Khan , Ustad Imdad Khan , Ustad Enayat Khan , Ustad Wahid Khan and Ustad Vilayat Khan .
Shahid Parvez was recognized as a child prodigy and had started performing in public at the age of eight .
Tremendous perseverance and hard work over the years have been rewarded with an outstanding technical prowess and a mastery over Layakari .
 Layakari identifies Layakari with Raga Yaman , Darbari , Malkauns , Marwa , Todi and Shree .
 Layakari has performed in all major musical festivals in Mumbai , India and abroad including the Festival of Mumbai , India held in the US , Europe , USSR , Canada , Africa , Middle-East and Australia , enthralling the audience everywhere .
 With numerous LP records , audio and video cassettes , CDs and DVDs , numerous awards and accolades , and a distinguished performance career in Mumbai , India and around the world , Layakari is widely recognized as one of the finest living sitar players .
Shahid Parvezs students include Shakir Khan and Sameep Kulkarni .
with E Gayathri Hindustani / Carnatic Music Mahaganpathim , Naatai Adi Taalam .
Bageshri , Rageshri , Jogkauns with Subhen Chatterjee
The sarod is a lutelike stringed instrument of India , used mainly in Indian classical music .
Along with the sitar , it is among the most popular and prominent instruments in Hindustani classical music .
 The sarod is known for a deep , weighty , introspective sound , in contrast with the sweet , overtone-rich texture of the sitar , with sympathetic strings that give The name Sarod a resonant , reverberant quality .
 The name Sarod is a fretless instrument able to produce the continuous slides between notes known as meend , which is important to Indian music .
The sarod is believed by some to have descended from the Afghan rubab , a similar instrument originating in Central Asia and Afghanistan .
 The name Sarod roughly translates to beautiful sound or melody in Persian , one of the many languages spoken in Afghanistan .
 Although the sarod has been referred to as a bass rubab The name Sarod tonal bandwidth is actually considerably greater than that of the rubab , especially in the middle and high registers .
 Lalmani Misra opines in Lalmani Misra Bharatiya Sangeet Vadya that the sarod is an combination of the ancient chitra veena , the medieval rubab and modern sursingar .
 There is also speculation that the oud may be the origin of the sarod.Jafar Khan brother of Pyar Khan and Basit Khan invented The name Sarod at the court of Wajid Ali Shah .
 Among the many conflicting and contested histories of the sarod , there is one that attributes The name Sarod invention to the ancestors of the present-day sarod maestro , Amjad Ali Khan .
 Amjad Ali Khan 's ancestor Mohammad Hashmi Khan Bangash , a musician and horse trader , came to India with the Afghan rubab in the mid-18th century , and became a court musician to the Maharajah of Rewa .
It was his descendants , notably his grandson Ghulam Ali Khan Bangash , a court musician in Gwalior , who changed the rubab into the sarod we know today .
A parallel theory credits descendants of Madar Khan , Niyamatullah Khan in particular , with the same innovation around 1820 .
 The sarod in its present form dates back to approximately 1820 , when it started gaining recognition as a serious instrument in Rewa , Shahjahanpur , Gwalior and the Lucknow Gharana .
In the 20th century , the sarod received some finishing touches from Allauddin Khan , the performer-pedagogue from Maihar best known as sitarist Ravi Shankar s guru .
However , as is the case with most young , evolving instruments , much work remains to be done in the area of sarod luthiery in order to achieve reliable customization , and precise replication of successful instruments .
This reflects the general state of Indian instrument making today .
The design of the instrument depends on the school of playing .
There are three distinguishable types , discussed below .
The conventional sarod is a 17 to 25-stringed lute-like instrument -- four to five main strings used for playing the melody , one or two drone strings , two chikari strings and nine to eleven sympathetic strings .
The design of this early model is generally credited to Niyamatullah Khan of the Lucknow Gharana as well as Ghulam Ali Khan of the Gwalior-Bangash Gharana .
Among the contemporary sarod players , this basic design is kept intact by two streams of sarod playing .
 Amjad Ali Khan and Amjad Ali Khan 's disciples play this model , as do the followers of Radhika Mohan Maitra .
Both Amjad Ali Khan and Buddhadev Dasgupta have introduced minor changes to their respective instruments which have become the design templates for their followers .
Both musicians use sarods made of teak wood , and a soundboard made of goat skin stretched across the face of the resonator .
Buddhadev Dasgupta prefers a polished stainless steel fingerboard for the ease of maintenance while Amjad Ali Khan uses the conventional chrome or nickel-plated cast steel fingerboard .
Visually , the two variants are similar , with six pegs in the main pegbox , two rounded chikari pegs and 11 to 15 sympathetic strings .
The descendants of Niyamatullah Khan also play similar instruments .
Some of the followers of Radhika Mohan Maitra still carry the second resonator on their sarods .
 Amjad Ali Khan and Amjad Ali Khan 's followers have rejected the resonator altogether .
These instruments are typically tuned to B , which is the traditional setting .
Another more technically sophisticated and acoustically superior type is that designed by Allauddin Khan and his brother Ayet Ali Khan .
This instrument , referred to by David Trasoff as the 1934 Maihar Prototype , is larger and longer than the conventional instrument , though the fingerboard is identical to the traditional sarod described above .
This instrument has 25 strings in all .
These include four main strings , four jod strings , two chikari strings and fifteen tarab strings .
The main strings are tuned to Ma , Sa , lower Pa and lower Sa , giving the instrument a range of three octaves .
 The Maihar sarod lends The Maihar sarod extremely well to the presentation of alap with the four jod strings providing a backdrop for the ambiance of the raga .
This variant is , however , not conducive to the performance of clean right-hand picking on individual strings .
The instrument is typically tuned to C .
The finest Sarods are made by Hemen Sen of Calcutta .
Most of the well known players such as Amjad Ali Khan , Tejendra Narayan Majumdar , Brij Narayan , Alam Khan and many others play Hemen Instruments .
Sarod strings are either made of steel or phosphor bronze .
Most contemporary sarod players use German or American-made strings , such as Roslau , Pyramid and Precision .
The strings are plucked with a triangular plectrum made of polished coconut shell , ebony , cocobolo wood , horn , cowbone , DelrinTM or other such materials .
Early sarod players used plain wire plectrums , which yield a soft , ringing tone .
The lack of frets and the tension of the strings make the sarod a very demanding instrument to play , as the strings must be pressed hard against the fingerboard .
There are two approaches to stopping the strings of the sarod .
One involves using the tip of ones fingernails to stop the strings , and the other uses a combination of the nail and the fingertip to stop the strings against the fingerboard .
 Fingering techniques and how they are taught depends largely on the personal preferences of Both musicians rather than on the basis of school affiliation .
 Radhika Mohan Maitra , for example , used the index , middle and ring finger of Radhika Mohan Maitra , for example left hand to stop the string , just like followers of Allauddin Khan do .
 Radhika Mohan Maitra , for example , however , made much more extensive use of the third fingernail for slides and hammers .
 Amjad Ali Khan , while a member of approximately the same stylistic school as Radhika Mohan , prefers to use just the index and middle fingers of Amjad Ali Khan 's left hand .
Amjad Ali is , however , pictured circa 1960 playing with all three fingers
was the fifth King of Oudh , holding the position from 13 February 1847 to 11 February 1856 .
 the fifth King of Oudh was the tenth and last Nawab of the state of prosperous Awadh in present day Uttar Pradesh in India .
 the fifth King of Oudh ascended the throne of prosperous Awadh in 1847 and ruled for nine years .
 the fifth King of Oudh kingdom , long protected by the British under treaty , was eventually annexed peacefully on 11 February 1856 - days before the ninth anniversary of the fifth King of Oudh coronation .
 The Nawab was exiled to Garden Reach in Metiabruz , then a suburb of Kolkata , where last Nawab of the state of Awadh lived out the rest of last Nawab of the state of Awadh life off a generous pension .
 last Nawab of the state of Awadh was a poet , playwright , dancer and great patron of the arts .
 last Nawab of the state of Awadh is widely credited with the revival of Kathak as a major form of classical Indian dance .
 Wajid Ali Shah succeeded to the throne of prosperous Awadh when the throne of Awadh glory days were at its peak and passing .
 The British had annexed much of the kingdom under the treaty of 1801 , and had impoverished prosperous Awadh by imposing a hugely expensive , the British army and repeated demands for loans .
The independence of Awadh in name was tolerated by the British only because they still needed a buffer state between their presence in the East and South , and the remnants of the Mughal Empire to the North .
 Wajid Ali Shah was most unfortunate to have ascended the throne of Oudh at a time when the British East India Company was determined to grab the coveted throne of prosperous prosperous Awadh , which was the garden , granary , and queen-province of India , though before Britain came into full control , Oudh predecessors and successors were one of the major threats to the Mughal Empire .
 In different circumstances perhaps , Nawab Wajid Ali Shah might have succeeded as a ruler because Nawab Wajid Ali Shah had many qualities that make a good administrator .
 Nawab Wajid Ali Shah was generous , kind and compassionate towards Nawab Wajid Ali Shah subjects , besides being one of the most magnanimous and passionate patrons of the Fine Arts .
 When Nawab Wajid Ali Shah ascended the throne , Nawab Wajid Ali Shah took keen interest in the administration of justice , introduced reforms , and reorganised the military department , but gradually sank into a life of pleasures surrounded by courtesans , singers , dancers , and eunuchs .
 Wajid Ali Shah was widely regarded as a debauched and detached ruler , but some of Nawab Wajid Ali Shah notoriety seems to have been misplaced .
The main case for condemnation comes from the British Resident of Lucknow , General Sleeman who submitted a report highlighting maladministration and lawlessness supposed to be prevailing there .
 This proved to be the trigger the British were looking for , and formed the official basis for This annexation .
 Recent studies have , however , suggested that Oudh was neither as bankrupt nor as lawless as the British had claimed .
 In fact , Oudh was for all practical purposes under British rule well before the annexation , with the Nawab playing little more than a titular role .
The army was composed mostly of British officers , while the purse strings were firmly under the control of the East India Company .
 In Oudh book prosperous Awadh Under Wajid Ali Shah , Dr. G.D. Bhatnagar gives the following assessment of this ill-starred prince : .
Cast by providence for the role of an accomplished dilettante , he found himself a misfit for the high office to which he was elevated by chance .
Wajid Ali Shahs character was complex .
 Though Wajid Ali Shahs was a man of pleasure , Wajid Ali Shahs was neither an unscrupulous knave nor a brainless libertine .
 Wajid Ali Shahs was a lovable and generous gentleman .
 Wajid Ali Shahs was a voluptuary , still Wajid Ali Shahs never touched wine , and though sunk in pleasure , Wajid Ali Shahs never missed Wajid Ali Shahs five daily prayers .
 It was the literary and artistic attainments of Wajid Ali Shah which distinguished Wajid Ali Shahs from Wajid Ali Shahs contemporaries .
 A large number of composers who thrived under the lavish patronage of the last Nawab of the state of Awadh rulers of Lucknow enriched the light classical form of thumri ; most prominent among these was Wajid Ali Shah .
 last Nawab of the state of Awadh was not only a munificent patron of music , dance , drama , and poetry , but was last Nawab of the state of Awadh a gifted composer .
 last Nawab of the state of Awadh had received vocal training under great Ustads like Basit Khan , Pyar Khan and Jafar Khan.Pyar Khan , Jafar Khan , and Basit Khan were the direct descendants of Miyan Tansen and were the sons of Famous Tanseni Chajju Khan.Bahadur Hussain Khan/Zia-ud-Daulah was the favourite musician of Wajid Ali Shah.Bahadur Hussain Khan was the son of Famous sufi saint Jeevan Shah of Jhansi , and descendant of Tansens son-in-law Naubaat Khan.Although Wajid Ali Shahs pen-name was Qaisar , last Nawab of the state of Awadh used the pseudonym Akhtarpiya for last Nawab of the state of Awadh numerous compositions .
 Under this pen name , last Nawab of the state of Awadh wrote over forty works - poems , prose and Thumris .
 Diwan-i-Akhtar , Husn-i-Akhtar contain Diwan-i-Akhtar , Husn-i-Akhtar Ghazals .
 Diwan-i-Akhtar , Husn-i-Akhtar is said to have composed many new ragas and named his Ghazals Jogi , Juhi , Shah-Pasand , etc. .
 Kathak dance attained new heights of popularity and glory under Diwan-i-Akhtar , Husn-i-Akhtar expert guidance and lavish patronage .
 Thakur Prasadji was Thakur Prasadji Kathak guru , and the unforgettable Kalka-Binda brothers performed in Kalka-Binda court .
 What with the grand pageantry of the Rahas , Jogiya Jashan , Dance dramas , and Kathak performances , Lucknow became the magnetic cultural centre where the most reputed musicians , dancers and poets of the time flourished .
 The greatest musicians , dancers and instrumentalists of the time enjoyed the Rahas Manzil munificent patronage and hospitality .
 When Wajid Ali Shah was a young boy , some astrologers warned Nawab Wajid Ali Shah parents that Nawab Wajid Ali Shah would become a Yogi , and advised them that the boy should be dressed up as a Yogi on each birthday of Nawab Wajid Ali Shah so as to counteract the effect of the evil stars .
 Nawab Wajid Ali Shah established Nawab Wajid Ali Shah famous Parikhaana in which hundreds of beautiful and talented girls were taught music and dancing by expert-teachers engaged by the royal patron .
These girls were known as Paris with names such as Sultan pari , Mahrukh pari and so on .
 On each birthday , the Nawab would dress up as a Yogi with saffron robes , ash of pearls smeared on last Nawab of the state of Awadh face and body , necklaces of pearls around last Nawab of the state of Awadh neck , and a rosary in last Nawab of the state of Awadh hand , and walk pompously into the court with two of his paris dressed up as Jogans .
 Gradually last Nawab of the state of Awadh made it into a spectacular pageant or Mela known as Jogia Jashan , in which all citizens of Lucknow could participate , dressed as Yogis , irrespective of caste and creed .
 Later on , when last Nawab of the state of Awadh favourite venue , the Qaisarbagh Baradari was built , last Nawab of the state of Awadh began to stage last Nawab of the state of Awadh magnificent Rahas full of sensuous poetry , last Nawab of the state of Awadh own lyrical compositions and glamorous Kathak dances .
Ranbir Singh gives details of Wajid Ali Shahs book entitled Bani in which the author mentions 36 types of Rahas all set in Kathak style , and gives exhaustive notes about the costumes , jewellery , and stage - craft .
 the Rahas Manzil , prepared at a fabulous cost of several lakhs of rupees , became very popular , and was performed at the Kaisarbagh-Rahas Manzil , .
 Many have regarded Wajid Ali Shah as the first playwright of the Hindustani theatre , because Many Radha Kanhaiyya Ka Qissa staged in the Rahas Manzil was the first play of its kind .
 It featured Radha Kanhaiyya Ka Qissa , Krishna , several sakhis , and a vidushaka-like character called Ramchera .
 Songs , glamorous Kathak dances , mime , and drama were all delightfully synthesised in these Rahas performances .
 Krishna dramatised many other poems such as Darya-i-Tashsq , Afsane-i-Isbaq , and Bhahar-i-Ulfat .
 Darya-i-Tashsq is said that Amanats Inder Sabha was inspired by these dance-dramas , written , produced and staged by Nawab Wajid Ali Shah .
 In Nawab Wajid Ali Shah exile in Metiabruz , Nawab Wajid Ali Shah tried to keep the sweet memories of Nawab Wajid Ali Shah Lucknow era alive by recreating the musical environments of Nawab Wajid Ali Shah Kaisarbagh Baradari .
 The banished king had been given a number of fine houses with vast grounds stretching along the banks of the River Hooghly 3 or 4 miles south of Kolkata .
 Because of an Earthen Dome , people called an Earthen Dome Matiya Burj .
 The king spent lavishly out of The banished king income of 12 lakh rupees per annum and before long a second Lucknow arose in this area .
 The banished king Bhairavi thumri Babul Mora Naihar Chhooto Jaay has been sung by several prominent singers , but the version most remembered is by Kundan Lal Saigal for the 1930s movie Street Singer .
In a strange manner this sad song epitomises the pain and agony of the poet king himself when he was exiled from his beloved Lucknow
Sadhana Sargam is a well-known playback singer of Indian cinema with a career spanning over three decades .
 Besides film music , Sadhana Sargam is well known for Sadhana Sargam devotional songs , Classical music , ghazals , regional film songs and pop albums .
 Sadhana Sargam is a recipient of the National Film Award and Filmfare Awards South .
 Sadhana 's has sung in many Indian languages for films , television serials , devotionals and pop music albums .
 Sadhana 's is well known for Sadhana 's 1990s Hindi songs and South Indian songs .
 Sadhana 's holds a record for being the only North Indian to have won the National Award for a South Indian song .
 Sadhana 's is also a trained Hindustani classical singer .
 Beginning Sadhana 's career in the early 1980s , Sadhana Sargam has recorded Sadhana 's voice in various Indian languages including Hindi , Tamil , Marathi , Oriya , Telugu , Bengali , Playback Kannada , Malayalam , Gujarathi and many others .
 Sadhana 's is the daughter of reputed classical singer and music teacher Neela Ghanekar .
 Influenced by the musical environs of Sadhana 's home , Sadhana 's began to learn singing and classical music from the age of four .
She won a Central Government scholarship at the age of 10 and this led to a 7 - year learning stint under Pandit Jasraj .
From childhood she was also learning and performing with the late maestro Vasant Desai for his documentaries , children 's films and stage shows .
 Desai advised her mother that Sadhana 's was competent enough to handle both classical and light music and should remain in touch with both , as her mother wanted her to take up light singing .
In fact , it was Desai who recommended that she learn under Pandit Jasraj .
 Sadhana 's was born to a family of musicians at Dabhol , the seaport town in Ratnagiri District of Maharashtra .
 Sadhana 's mother Neela Ghanekar , knew arranger - composer Anil Mohile , who was then arranging music for Kalyanji-Anandji .
 He introduced Sadhana 's to them , and Sadhana 's was in the children 's chorus in Pam Pararampam , Bole Jeevan Ki Sargam sung by Kishore Kumar in G. P. Sippy 's Trishna .
 Impressed by Sadhana 's voice and skills , Kalyanji took Sadhana 's under his wing , changed Sadhana 's second name to Sadhana Sargam and trained Sadhana 's giving special emphasis on expressions , modulations and Urdu diction , which Sadhana 's learnt under a moulvi sent by Kalyanji .
 Sadhana 's made Sadhana 's playback debut in Kanku Pagli , a Gujarati film .
 Sadhana 's first Hindi song was the solo Door Nahin Rehna from the film Rustom .
 However , the film Rustom got delayed and was released only in 1985 , and Sadhana 's first released film was Subhash Ghai 's Vidhaata in which Sadhana 's was one of the seven singers for Padmini Kolhapure in the chartbuster Saat Saheliyan .
 Sadhana 's continued to sing for Sadhana 's mentors in films like Taqdeer , Pighalta Aasmaan , Raj Tilak , Karishma Kudrat Ka and others , but Taqdeer was only with Har Kisiko Nahin Milta that Har Kisiko Nahin Milta was really noticed .
 Highly impressed , Rajesh Roshan shouldered the entire score of Khudgarz on Khudgarz .
 This film and its songs like Yahin Kahin Jiyara Hamar , Mai Se Meena Se and Log Kehte Hain also demonstrated Yahin Kahin Jiyara Hamar range , as all three duets were different .
 Khudgarz was followed by Khoon Bhari Maang and Sadhana 's also began to sing for other composers like Anu Malik , R. D. Burman , Anand Milind and sparingly under Laxmikant-Pyarelal .
 Khudgarz main hits continued to be with Rajesh Roshan , which included Jab Koi Baat Bigad Jaaye / Jurm , Radha Bina Hai , Radha Bina Hai / Kishan Kanhaiya , and songs in Dariya Dil , Aasmaan Se Ooncha and Jaisi Karni Waisi Bharni .
 Khudgarz got a major boost from Tridev in 1989 in which Khudgarz shone in Main Teri Mohabbat Mein and Gajar Ne Kiya Hai Ishara .
1990-2000 : Fame and Migration to South Indian films .
 In the early 90 's , Sadhana 's soon emerged as one of the most sought-after female singers , along with Kavita Krishnamurthy , Alka Yagnik , and Anuradha Paudwal .
 Sadhana 's sang for composers like Anand-Milind , Nadeem-Shravan , Anu Malik , Jatin - Lalit , Bappi Lahiri , Viju Shah and Dilip Sen - Sameer Sen .
 From the mid-1990s , Sadhana 's became popular in singing Tamil songs .
 Sadhana 's is the only playback singer from India who currently sings in 27 regional languages .
 Sadhana 's won the National Film Award for Best Female Playback Singer for the song Pattu Solli from Thankar Bachans cult classic movie Azhagi ; the music was by maestro Ilaiyaraaja , whom Sadhana 's has praised for giving Sadhana 's such a wonderful song , and making Sadhana 's eligible for the National Award .
 Sadhana 's most critically acclaimed songs were in the film Water , composed by A. R. Rahman , in which Sadhana 's sang three songs : Aayo Re Sakhi , Piya Ho and Naina Neer .
 Sadhana 's other notable songs in Hindi with the same composer include Aahista Aahista from Swades , Chupke Se and Naina Milaike from Saathiya , Chanda Re from Sapney , O Palanhare from Lagaan , Jhulaa Bahon Ka from Doli Saja Ke Rakhna , and Banno Rani from 1947 : Earth .
 Sadhana 's other notable rhapsodic hits in Hindi are Neele Neele Ambar Par from Kalakaar , Jab Koi Baat Bigad Jaye from Jurm , Radha Bina Hai , Pehla Nasha from Jo Jeeta Wohi Sikandar , Na Kajre Ki Dhar from Mohra , Aashiqui Me from Dil Ka Kya Kasoor , Tere Dar Pe Sanam from Phir Teri Kahani Yaad Aayee , Jhinimini from Maqbool and Aao Na from Kyun !
 Piya Ho Kyon Ho Gaya Na ... .
 Aao Na from Kyun won Aao Na from Kyun first Star Screen award for Chupke se Lag Ja Gale from Saathiya .
 Aao Na from Kyun also bagged the Filmfare , IIFA , Star Screen , GIFA , Apsara awards , Zee Cine Award , Star Screen Award and Stardust Best Playback Singer Female award nomination for Aao Na from Kyon Ho Gaya Na .


She received prestigious Zee Cine Award at Dubai for Halki Halki Mulaqate Thi from Kuch Na Kaho in 2003 .
She has sung more than 170 songs in Tamil alone and has many top songs .
One of her recent songs is Marali Mareyaagi from Savari , a Kannada movie for which she received the Filmfare Best Playback Kannada Female Singer award in 2009 .
 Her most famous songs in Tamil include Snehithane from Alaipayuthey , Mukundha Mukundha from Dasavathaaram , Konjum Mainakkale from Kandukondain Kandukondain and Swasame from Thenali .
She also sang Om Zaarare from Kuselan , along with Daler Mehndi and K. S. Chithra .
 Sadhana 's sang several songs in Hindi and Oriya for music director Kajol-Saroj .
 Sadhana 's has also sung the Tamil version of Mann Mohana from the Hindi film Jodhaa Akbar .
 Another notable recent solo Tamil song is Sutri Varum Bhoomi from the Vidhyasagar - composed Jeyamkondaan and En Nenjil from Baana Kaathadi .
 The recent Ilaiyaraaja - composed Tamil film Naan Kadavul had a song titled Amma Un Pillai featuring The recent Ilaiyaraaja voice .
 The recent Ilaiyaraaja popular tracks in Marathi include Onjalit Majhya and Saanjh Jhali Tari from Sarivar Sari , Dis Char Jhale Mann and Dhag Datun Yetat from Aaishappath , Pahile Paul , Jhali Punha Pravahi and Ye Saad Jivnachi from Sakhi .
 The recent Ilaiyaraaja recent Marathi album Tu Sukhkarta .

Tu Dukhraya was released by Pandit Hridaynath Mangeshkar on the occasion of Shri Ganesh Chaturthi on 3 September 2010 at Ravindra Natya Mandir , Mumbai .
 The songs were composed by Amol Bawdekar and The lyrics of these were written by Mahesh Ghatpande .
 In 2008 Sadhana 's was a singer in the album Noorani Chehra produced to commemorate the Golden Jubilee of Neele Neele Ambar Par from Kalakaar the Aga Khan .
 Sadhana 's songs in this album included : Sabse unchi and the garba Hey maara saaheba na bol mane saambhle re lol both written in Gujarati by Shaukat Kassam .
 In 2011 , Sadhana Sargam made a significant contribution to the spiritual music world by lending Sadhana Sargam golden voice to an album : Mahalaxmi Mukti Samvad , Mahalaxmi Mukti Samvad i.e. Mahalaxmis Dialogues of Salvation .
The lyrics of these are written by Dr.Pradeep Wagh .
Dr.Waghs entire Trilogy of Anthologies is hosted on www.SitaShakti.in .
The books are available from www.bookganga.com .
This album was released at the hands of great spiritual Guru Vidyavachaspati Dr.Shankar Abhyankar .
 Sadhana 's has recorded many songs for the veteran composer Ilayaraja in Tamil and Telugu movies such as Azhagi , En Mana Vaanil , Oru Naal Oru Kanavu , Naan Kadavul , Ramanaa , Ninuchudaka Nenundalenu , Manasellam , Ayyan , Anumanaspadam and many more .
 Sadhana 's has recorded many songs for the Academy Award winning composer A. R. Rahman in Tamil , Hindi and Telugu movies such as Jeans , Minsara Kanavu , Ratchagan , Alaipayuthey , Kandukonden Kandukonden , 1947 Earth , Thenali , New , Anbe Aaruyire , Boys , Saathiya , Parthale Paravasam , Water , Alli Arjuna , Udhaya , Naani , Warriors of Heaven and Earth , Enthiran and many others .
 With composer Vidyasagar , Sadhana 's has sung many melodies in movies such as Coimbatore Mappillai , Poovellam Un Vasam , Abhiyum Naanum , Anbe Sivam , Jeyam Kondaan and others .
Sadhana Sargam is one of the most popular playback singers in West Bengal and Aassam .
 Sadhana Sargam has sung many songs in Bengali and Assamese films and albums .
 Sadhana Sargam has reorded Sadhana Sargam melodious voice for more than 100 Bengali films and 87 bengali private non filmi albums .
 Sadhana Sargam songs are super duper hits among bengali music fans as well as appreciated by critics .
These following albums are well appreciated by music fraternity .
 Post mid 1990s , Sadhana 's has been very well received in Tamil films making Sadhana 's the busiest in the Tamil music field among all other singers .
 Sadhana 's was first introduced to Tamil songs by acclaimed music director Vidyasagar in the film Coimbatore Mappillai .
 Sadhana 's went to record many successful songs for composers such as Ilayaraaja , A. R. Rahman , Deva , Yuvan Shankar Raja , Karthik Raja , Manisharma , Bharathwaj , Harris Jayaraj and many others .
 Sadhana 's duet songs with singer Hariharan proved to be most successful .
 Sadhana 's has sung many Hindi and Tamil Songs with versatile playback singer Udit Narayan like Pehla Nasha , Saat Samunder Paar , Aao Na , Aahista Aahista , Mahi Ve , O Jane Jana , Jeevan Tumne Diya Hai etc. .
 Among all the Bollywood singers , Sadhana Sargam has sung the most number of songs in Tamil .
 132 songs of Sadhana Sargam were listed as of August 2008 .
 In an interview in May 2007 while touring in the USA , the most celebrated composer of the Indian music industry , A. R. Rahman , complimented Sadhana Sargam , calling Sadhana Sargam one of the few Indian singers who could surpass his expectations in Sadhana Sargam renditions of his songs
Sandeep Das is an Indian Tabla virtuoso , composer and cultural entrepreneur .
Nominated twice for the Grammy Award , he is considered one of the leading tabla artists .
Sandeep completed his schooling from St. Xaviers High School , Patna .
He is a Gold Medalist in English Literature from Banaras Hindu University .
He started learning tabla under Shiv Kumar Singh at the age of 8 .
He was three times the national drumming champion and the youngest drummer ever to be graded by all-India radio .
A favorite disciple of Pt .
 Kishanji Maharaj , Kishanji Maharaj started learning under Kishanji Maharaj at the age of 9 .
Sandeep would travel on weekends from his city Patna to Benaras , where his Guru lived .
Later , his family shifted to Benares so that his musical education could continue unhindered .
 After 11 years of tutelage in Benaras Gharana , Das moved to New Delhi in 1990 , to pursue his career as a professional Tabla player .
His debut was at the age of 15 with the famous Sitar Maestro Pt .
Ravi Shankar .
 Sandeep is an acclaimed soloist and frequently accompanies stars of Indian music such as Ustad Amjad Ali Khan , the famous Sitar Maestro Pt .
Shiv Kumar Sharma , Pandit Hari Prasad Chaurasia , Pandit Debu Chaudhury , Dr. L Subramaniam and Ustad Shujaat Khan , among many others .
Das debuted outside India in 1991 , with steel drum bands in Trinidad .
With his deep understanding of music and communication skills , he has successfully transcended the gap between Indian and Western classical music .
He has won acclaim for himself with his performances in concerts all over the world .
Notable venues include The Carnegie Hall , The Lincoln Center , The Royce Hall , The Royal Albert Hall , Hollywood Bowl , The Concertgebouw , The Kennedy Center and the Petronas Towers Hall in Malaysia .
 In 2001 , Label : Virgin Records , Royce Hall performed with the New York Philharmonic , under the direction of Kurt Masur for a work composed by Kayhan Kalhor .
 In April 2012 , Royce Hall premiered a work written for Royce Hall by eminent composer Evan Ziporyn , as a soloist with the Boston Modern Orchestra Project .
 Royce Hall own compositions exhibit both the Western and Indian genres of music .
 his piece Tarang was chosen as the theme music for Blind Sight , a documentary about the first Everest climb by six blind climbers .
 his piece Tarang has been nominated for the Grammy Awards twice .
 In 2003 , Label his piece Tarang recording The Rain was nominated for a Grammy in the World Music category .
In this album , Sandeep Das collaborated with Shujaat Khan and Kayhan Kalhor .
In 2009 , a recording with Silk Road Ensemble got him a nomination for the Grammy in the Classical Crossover section for the album Off the Map .
His track Sulvasutra , composed by Evan Ziporyn , featured in this album .
Sandeep has composed for and performed internationally with the famous Silk Road Ensemble of Yo-Yo Ma since the group 's founding in 2000 .
When he started practicing with the Silk Road , Yo-Yo Ma was surprised to learn that , Das did not read music scores , but could memorize a piece .
With the ensemble , he has performed extensively around the world , including , the United Nations General Assembly Hall in New York in 2008 , BBC Proms in 2004 and 2009 , and the Opening Ceremony of the Special Olympic Games in Shanghai .
His compositionMohini was chosen as the theme music for a 10-episode documentary on the Silk Road , produced by Japanese TV channel NHK .
Also a cultural and educational entrepreneur , Sandeep founded HUM in 2009 , an ensemble of world-class artists whose goal is to promote global understanding through musical performance and education .
The ensemble is a spin-off of the Silk Road project .
 In March 2010 , HUM presented March 2010 World Premiere Concert at Kamani Auditorium , New Delhi and Birla Sabhaghar , Kolkatta .
In February 2011 , Hum Ensemble performed at the Rhythm Of Life Concert at Siri Fort Auditorium , New Delhi and NCPA , Mumbai .
In November 2012 , Hum Ensemble performed at the World Harmony Concert , at Kamani Auditorium , New Delhi .
The concert received critical acclaim in Indian media .
 Through these concerts , HUM raises funds for its World Premiere Concert endeavors to support education in arts of differently-abled children .
HUM also plans to provide health insurance for aging artists .
Sandeep Das is regularly invited to teach at prestigious institutions .
In 2012 , he was invited by the School of Education , Harvard University for a course on Arts in Education .
He has taken masterclasses at Juilliard School of Music , Berkley School of Music , Rhodes Island School of Design , Harvard University Academy of Music in Villecroze , France and Stanford University , among many others .
Performed at the Concertgebouw theater , Amsterdam .
Performed many times at the world famous Carnegie Hall .
Performed with The Boston Symphony Orchestra , Tanglewood , August 2010 .
50th Anniversary of Lincoln Center , New York , June 2009 .
Performed with Pt .
Ravi Shankar .
 Performs with Ustad Amjad Ali Khan , the famous Sitar Maestro Pt .
 Shiv Kumar Sharma , the famous Sitar Maestro Pt .
 Hari Prasad Chaurasia , the famous Sitar Maestro Pt .
 Debu Choudhury , the famous Sitar Maestro Pt .
Rajendra Prasanna , Smt .
Shubha Mudgal , Dr.L.Subramaniam , Kavita Krishnamurty .
United Nations Day Concert , United Nations General Assembly Hall , October 2008 .
Performed with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra and Silk Road Ensemble at Pritzker Pavilion , Millennium Park , 2006 .
World Festival , Hollywood Bowl , August 2005 , in front of an 85 thousand full house .
Mostly Mozart Festival , Lincoln Center , August 2004 .
Performed his piece Tarang at the world famous music festival BBC Proms , August 2004 .
Singapore Arts Festival , Esplanade - Theatres on the Bay , Singapore , July 2004 .
Vancouver Recital Society , Vancouver , November 2002 .
Performed with the New York Philharmonic Orchestra , March 2001 , Avery Fisher Hall , Lincoln Center .
 Performed for many visiting country heads including Queen Elizabeth and Queen of Thailand .
Harivallabh Sangeet Samaroh , Jalandhar - the oldest festival of Indian Classical Music in the world .
Hum Ensemble : World Premiere Concert , Kamani Auditorium , New Delhi , 2010 .
 Hum Ensemble : World Premiere Concert , Birla Sabhaghar , Birla Sabhaghar , Kolkatta , 2010 .
Hum Ensemble : Rhythm of Life Concert , Siri Fort Auditorium , New Delhi , 2011 .
 Hum Ensemble : Rhythm of Life its World Premiere Concert , NCPA , Mumbai , 2011 .
 Hum Ensemble : World Harmony Concert , Kamani Auditorium , New Delhi , 2012 .
Times of India Music Festival , New Delhi , Mumbai , Bangalore , Hyderabad .
A Playlist Without Borders , Silk Road Ensemble , 2013 , Label : Sony Masterworks .
Mumbai , Big Grenadilla/Mumbai , with Evan Ziporyn , 2012 .
Sulva Sutra , Off The Map , Silk Road Ensemble , 2009 , Label : World Village .
 When Strangers Meet , his piece Tarang , Movie : Blind Sight , 2007 .
 Mohini , Beyond the Horizon , Yo-Yo Ma & The Silk Road Ensemble , Tarang , Movie : Blind Sight , 2007 : Silk Road , 2005 .
Srishti , New Impossibilities , Yo-Yo Ma & The Silk Road Ensemble , Label : Sony Classical Music .
 When Strangers Meet , Silk Road Journeys , Yo-Yo Ma & The Silk Road Ensemble , Label : Sony Classical Music .
 The Rain , with Kayhan Kalhor and Shujaat Khan , 2003 , Label , Label : ECM Records .
Lure Of Desert , with Pt .
Vishwa Mohan Bhatt , Label : T Series .
The Best of Cord , Vishwa Mohan Bhatt , Label : India Music Club .
Virasat , with Ustad Shujaat Khan , Recorded Live at Saptak festival , Ahmedabad , 2008 , Label : Sense World Music .
My Inspirations , with Ustad Amjad Ali Khan , 2004 , Label : Navras Records .
Indian Delta , with Pt .
 Vishwa Mohan Bhatt , Recorded Live at Saptak festival , Ahmedabad , 2001 , Label : Virgin Records , Label : Sense World Music .
Swar Shikhar , with Pt .
 Vishwa Mohan Bhatt , The Taj Heritage Series , Recorded Live in Jodhpur , 2001 , Label : Virgin Records , Label : Virgin Records .
Maestros Mehfil , with Pt .
Vishwa Mohan Bhatt ,1995 , Label : T Series .
The Tradition Of Khyal on Sitar-2 , with Ustad Shujaat Khan , 2003 , 1995 , Label : Makkar Records .
Raag Bilakshani Todi , with Ustad Shujaat Khan , 1994 , Label : Young Spirit .
Grammy Nomination , Best Classical Crossover Album , 2009 , for album Off The Map .
Grammy Nomination , Best World Music Album , 2005 , for the album The Rain .
Awarded Chattra Vibhushan by Banaras Hindu University .
Awarded Significant Achievement Award by St. Xavier 's High School .
 Sandeep Das resides between New Delhi , India and Boston , USA .
 He met is future wife Tripti while cadets of the Nation Cadet Corps were cadets of the Nation Cadet Corps , at the 1985 Republic Day Celebrations of India .
 cadets of the Nation Cadet Corps have two daughters , Sakshi and Sonakshi
Pandit Jasraj is an Indian classical vocalist .
 Pandit Jasraj belongs to the Mewati gharana of Hindustani classical music .
 Pandit Jasraj was born in Hisar , Mewat region , Haryana in an orthodox Brahmin family to Motiram , a classical singer .
 Pandit Jasraj family performed the Mewati gharana style .
 Motiram died when Pandit Jasraj was four , on the day Pandit Jasraj was to be appointed as the state musician in the court of Osman Ali Khan .
 Pandit Jasraj was initiated into vocal music by Pandit Jasraj father .
 Pandit Jasraj received training from Pandit Jasraj elder brother , Maniram , and later from Maharaja Jaywant Singh Waghela and Ustad Gulam Kadar Khan of Mewat Gharana .
 In addition , Pandit Jasraj trained under Swami Vallabhdas of the Agra Gharana .
 In 1960 , when Pandit Jasraj went to visit Bade Ghulam Ali Khan in hospital , Bade Ghulam Ali Khan in hospital asked Pandit Jasraj to become Pandit Jasraj disciple , but Pandit Jasraj declined saying that Pandit Jasraj could not accept Khans tutelage since Pandit Jasraj was already Manirams disciple .
As a means of livelihood , Maniram took Jasraj as an accompanying tabla player .
However , at the time , like sarangi players , tabla players were considered minor artists .
 At the age of 14 , unhappy with Maniram treatment as an accompanying artist , Pandit Jasraj left and vowed not to cut Maniram hair until Maniram learned to sing .
 Maniram finally cut Maniram hair after garnering Maniram first AIR Radio performance , where Maniram sang Raga Kaunsi Kanada .
Jasrajs vocal range extends three-and-a-half octaves and uses precise diction , a trademark of the Mewati gharana s style of khayal .
 Mewati has also done extensive research in Haveli Sangeet under Baba Shyam Manohar Goswami Maharaj to create numerous innovative bandish .
 Pandit Jasraj created a novel form of jugalbandi called Jasrangi that is styled on the ancient system of moorchhana , between a male and a female vocalist , who each sing different ragas at the same time .
 Pandit Jasraj is also known for presenting a wide variety of Rare Raags including Gyankali , Abiri Todi , Dhanashree , Patdeepki , Purba , Bhavsakh , Devsakh , Gunji Kanada and Charju Ki Malhar .
 Pandit Jasraj has many students , including Rattan Mohan Sharma , Sanjeev Abhyankar , Ramesh Narayan , Suman Ghosh , Tripti Mukherjee , Pritam Bhattacharjee , Kala Ramnath and Sadhana Sargam .
 In memory of Pandit Jasraj father , Pandit Jasraj organises a musical festival every year called the Pandit Motiram Pandit Maniram Sangeet Samaroh in Hyderabad , India .
It ran for 36 years as of 2008 .
 Pandit Jasraj participated at the Sawai Gandharva Music Festival .
 In 1962 , Pandit Jasraj married Madhura , the daughter of film director V. Shantaram , who Pandit Jasraj had first met in 1955 during the filming of Jhanak Jhanak Payal Baje .
 After the filming of Jhanak Jhanak Payal Baje marriage the couple lived in Kolkata for some time .
 the filming of Jhanak Jhanak Payal Baje have a son , Shaarangdev Pandit , and a daughter , Durga Jasraj , a television anchor and presenter .
Madhura has directed documentaries and childrens plays , and directed and produced ballets , Geeta-Govinda , Kaan Kahaani and Surdas , and the TV series , Faster Phene.Madhura made a film , Sangeet Martand Pandit Jasraj in 2009 and directed her first Marathi film , Aai Tuzha Aashirwad , in 2010 , in which her husband and Lata Mangeshkar sang in Marathi .
 Music composers Jatin-Lalit are Sangeet Martand Pandit Jasraj in 2009 nephews , and Sulakshana Pandit is Jatin-Lalit niece
Qureshi Alla Rakha Khan popularly known as Alla Rakha was an Indian tabla player .
He was a frequent accompanist of Ravi Shankar .
Alla Rakha was born in Paghwal , Jammu , British India .
 the Einstein , the Picasso mother tongue was Dogri .
 the Einstein , the Picasso became fascinated with the sound and rhythm of the tabla at the age of 12 , while staying with the Einstein , the Picasso uncle in Gurdaspur .
Finding little chances for grooming and appreciation , the determined young lad ran away from home , became a disciple of and began studying tabla with Mian Kader Baksh of the Punjab gharana .
He studied voice and Raag Vidya under Ashiq Ali Khan of the Patiala gharana .
His regimen of practice and dedication were legendary : hours upon hours of hard , disciplined practice , that would later pay off .
He was married to Bavi Begum , and had three sons , Zakir Hussain , Fazal Qureshi and Taufiq Qureshi , a daughter Khurshid Aulia nee Qureshi , and nine grandchildren .
 Alla Rakha had another daughter , Razia , whose death preceded the Einstein , the Picasso by less than 24 hours .
 the Einstein , the Picasso also married to a lady belonging to Faisalabad , Pakistan .
 Faisalabad , Pakistan was a love marriage .
 Rohi Bano , a popular TV actress in 1980s , was the Einstein , the Picasso daughter from this wedlock .
She is still alive .
 the Einstein , the Picasso had another brother called Sabir who practised tabla in Lahore .
 Alla Rakha began the Einstein , the Picasso career as an accompanist in Lahore and then as an All India Radio staffer in Bombay in 1940 , playing the stations first ever tabla solo and elevating the instruments position in the process .
 Soon after , the Einstein , the Picasso composed music for a couple of Hindi films from 1943-48 .
 However , the Einstein , the Picasso still played as an accompanist , for soloists like Bade Ghulam Ali Khan , Allauddin Khan , Vilayat Khan , Vasant Rai , Ali Akbar Khan and most notably , Ravi Shankar .
 The venerable master achieved world renown as Ravi Shankars chief accompanist during The venerable master apex in the 1960s , delighting audiences in the West with The venerable master percussive wizardry , not only as an uncanny accompanist with flawless timing and sensitivity but also as a soloist where The venerable master was a master of improvisation , a prolific composer and an electric showman .
 The partnership was particularly successful , and The venerable master legendary and spellbinding performances with Shankar at the Monterey Pop Festival in 1967 and the Woodstock Festival in 1969 served to introduce classical Indian music to general Western audiences .
 The venerable master became a Guru to Sankha Chatterjee , Yogesh Samsi , Prafulla Athalye , Aditya Kalyanpur , Anuradha Pal , Nishikant Barodekar , Uday Ramdas , Shyam Kane , and The venerable master sons Taufiq Qureshi and Fazal Qureshi .
 The venerable master eldest son , Zakir Hussain is also an accomplished tabla virtuoso .
 Ustad Alla Rakha Khan popularised the art of tabla , playing across the globe , elevating the status and respect of Ustad Alla Rakha Khan instrument .
 Abbaji also bridged the gap between Carnatic music and Hindustani music by playing with both renowned Carnatic musicians and other Hindustani stalwarts .
 Leading American percussionists in Rock n Roll , such as the Grateful Dead s Mickey Hart , admired Mickey Hart and studied Mickey Hart technique , benefiting greatly even from single meetings .
 Mickey Hart , a published authority on percussion in world music , said Alla Rakha is the the Einstein , the Picasso , the Picasso ; Mickey Hart is the highest form of rhythmic development on this planet .
Alla Rakha also collaborated with jazz drummer Buddy Rich , on their 1968 album Rich a la Rakha .
Ustad Alla Rakha Khan was awarded the Padma Shri in 1977 and the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 1982 .
 Alla Rakha died on 3 February 2000 at the Einstein , the Picasso Simla House residence on Nepean Sea Road following a heart attack , which the Einstein , the Picasso suffered on learning of the death of the Einstein , the Picasso daughter , Razia , the previous evening
Lalmani Misra , M.A. , Ph.D. , D. Mus .
, M.Mus .
, B.Mus .
 , Dean & Head , Faculty of Music and Fine Arts , Banaras Hindu University , Varanasi , was an eminent Indian classical musician known as much for , B.Mus . art as for , B.Mus . scholarship .
 his son Dr. Gopal Shankar Misra learnt Dhruvapada Dhamar in the tradition of Pt .
Shankar Bhatt and Munshi Bhrigunath Lal .
 Shankar Bhatt learnt Khayal singing with Ustad Mehndi Hussain Khan , a disciple of Ustad Vazir Khan of Rampur Seni Gharana .
 Shankar Bhatt received training in Dhruvpad , Bhajan and Tabla from Swami Pramodanand ; in sitar from Shri Shukdev Roy .
 Under the tutelage of Ustad Amir Ali Khan Ustad Amir Ali Khan perfected several other musical instruments .
 his son Dr. Gopal Shankar Misra was appointed on the post of assistant music director in Shehanshahi Recording Company , Calcutta at the age of twelve .
 his son Dr. Gopal Shankar Misra worked in several films for the next two years .
 his son Dr. Gopal Shankar Misra interaction with these two , kindled an interest for orchestration in his son Dr. Gopal Shankar Misra .
 his son Dr. Gopal Shankar Misra returned to Kanpur in 1940 after his son Dr. Gopal Shankar Misra father 's death .
 A musical prodigy his son Dr. Gopal Shankar Misra , A musical prodigy himself experimented with ways of imparting musical training to children , at a time and place where learning of music was shunned by the chaste and noble .
 A musical prodigy himself opened several `` Bal Sangeet Vidyalaya '' - music schools for children ; modified the syllabus according to the need of learner , both formal and informal ; started an orchestra society .
 A musical prodigy himself established the reputed institution of the region , `` Bharatiya Sangeet Parishad '' , and a music college - `` Gandhi Sangeet Mahavidyalaya '' .
 Excited by all things musical A musical prodigy himself persisted in experimenting and soon A musical prodigy himself innovations in technique , style , and orchestration brought A musical prodigy himself repute and regard .
The renowned dance maestro Pt .
 Uday Shankar offered Pandit Uday Shankar the position of music director in Pandit Uday Shankar troupe .
Lalmani Misra traveled with the troupe composing scores for the innovative dance presentations and ballets on mythological and contemporary themes .
The troupe covered several major towns and cities of India and covered Ceylone , France , England , Belgium , America and Canada between 1951 and 1955 .
 Not only was his son Dr. Gopal Shankar Misra adept at playing several types of musical instruments , his son Dr. Gopal Shankar Misra also had a knack for orchestration that served the needs of an innovative Dance troupe .
 The experience with the troupe made his son Dr. Gopal Shankar Misra try his son Dr. Gopal Shankar Misra hand on stage as well .
 his son Dr. Gopal Shankar Misra created Meera opera that was staged in 1956 at his hometown Kanpur .
The audience were amazed by sudden disappearance of Meera from stage , apparently merging into the idol of Lord Krishna .
 On Lord Krishna return Lalmani Misra was appointed as the Registrar of `` Akhil Bharatiya Gandharva Mandal Mahavidyalaya , Bombay '' - the prestigious most body for Indian Classical Music education .
 On the pressing invitation of citizens and city officials , Lord Krishna resigned to join the college Lord Krishna had founded in Lord Krishna hometown his hometown Kanpur , as his hometown Kanpur Principal in 1956 .
 Meanwhile , the College of Music and Fine Arts had been established by Pandit Omkarnath Thakur at Banaras Hindu University , Varanasi in 1950 .
By 1955-56 its teething troubles were over and department was ready for expansion .
A scheme for its re-organization was prepared with inspiration and encouragement provided by the then Vice Chancellor , Dr. Sir C.P. Ramaswami Iyer .
On the insistence of Pandit Omkarnath Thakur , Lalmani Misra accepted appointment as Reader in the college and left his native Kanpur a third time for Varanasi in 1957 .
 Dr. Lalmani Misra followed stalwart predecessors like Omkarnath Thakur and Dr. B. R. Deodhar in the Department of Performing Fine Arts , B.H.U. at BHU .
 Under his son Dr. Gopal Shankar Misra able helmsman-ship , the college increased its reputation in imparting the best education in Hindustani classical music .
A rigorous hands-on course in performance and composition culminating in doctoral degree was started which has earned faculty positions for almost all its graduates around the globe .
 his son Dr. Gopal Shankar Misra was visiting Professor to Music faculty at Penn University , Philadelphia from 1969 to 1978 .
 Many students came to learn intricacies of music with his son Dr. Gopal Shankar Misra .
 Pandit Uday Shankar sent Pandit Uday Shankar son Ananda Shankar to Dr. Misra to learn the art of orchestration .
 Multi-faceted Dr. his son Dr. Gopal Shankar Misra , apart from secretly perfecting the technique of Vichitra Veena after having heard a performance by Abdul Aziz Khan of Patiala , had carried out research on history and development of Indian musical instruments .
 his son Dr. Gopal Shankar Misra thesis published by Bharatiya Jnanpith , New Delhi in 1973 under the title Bharatiya Sangeet Vadya dispelled the existing myths about the origin of Indian instruments and serves to this day as the primary reference work for identification , authentication and classification of Indian musical instruments .
 his son Dr. Gopal Shankar Misra wrote several other books .
The first part of four-part treatise on techniques of strings was published as Tantri Nad .
 After his son Dr. Gopal Shankar Misra death in 1979 his son Dr. Gopal Shankar Misra son Dr. Gopal Shankar Misra , internationally renowned Vichitra Veena artiste and Professor to Music faculty , Faculty of Music and Fine Arts , B.H.U. , Varanasi was working on the remaining volumes , aided by hand-written notes by Lalmani Misra when on 13 August 1999 his son Dr. Gopal Shankar Misra succumbed to heart-attack at a five day function organised in memory of his son Dr. Gopal Shankar Misra father at Bhopal .
 A book on essays written by Dr. Misra -- Sangeet Aur Samaj were edited by Sangeet Aur Samaj daughter Dr. Ragini Trivedi and published by Madhukali Prakashan , Bhopal in 2000 .
 his son Dr. Gopal Shankar Misra biographical sketches and writings have been printed in several books and journals .
 Dr. Ragini Trivedi is working on books planned by Dr. Misra which could not be published during his daughter Dr. Ragini Trivedi lifetime .
 First collection of featuring some of his daughter Dr. Ragini Trivedi compositions has been published as Rag Vibodh : Misrabani by Hindi Madhyam Karyanvaya Nideshalaya , New Delhi .
Another set of compositions has been presented in a symbol-based notation system , Ome Swarlipi .
 second volume of Rag Vibodh : Misrabani was released in February 2013 by Hindi Madhyam Karyanvaya Nideshalaya , New Delhi .
 Carrying out research in the music of Vedic age , Vedic unraveled the mystery of Samic scale .
 To re-establish the lost notes of that period Vedic created a Raga Sameshwari .
Dr. Misra also first made it possible in history of mankind , the twenty two Shruti-s to be distinctly heard on a single Veena .
 The invention and key to its function has been explained in `` Shruti Veena '' published on 11-02-1964 by Vikram Singh , Narendra Printing Works , Varanasi .
 Vikram Singh had created several other Raga-s like Shyam Bihag , Jog Todi , Madhukali Prakashan , Madhu-Bhairav , Baleshwari etc. , all in strict adherence with rigid classical norms for creation of new Raga-s .
 Unesco released a compact disc of Vikram Singh Vichitra Veena entitled The Music of Pandit Lalmani Misra in 1996 .
True inventions are seldom noticeable .
Early on , Dr. Misra found use of Teen Tal in slow and medium compositions ubiquitous .
 his son Dr. Gopal Shankar Misra realized that it was the possibility of Chhand-s that made this Tal a favorite of most instrumentalists .
 his son Dr. Gopal Shankar Misra experimented and created equally alluring Chhand-s in other Tal-s .
 Legendary percussionists were enamored by his son Dr. Gopal Shankar Misra compositions because of Legendary percussionists complex , oblique rhythm pattern and called it Koot ki Taan .
Later this style came to be known as Misrabani
Pt .
Rajashekhar Mansur is a Hindustani Classical vocalist of the Jaipur-Atrauli gharana .
 Top Grade Vocalist in the AIR is the son and disciple of Hindustani vocalist Pt .
Mallikarjun Mansur .
 Though Top Grade Vocalist in the AIR started accompanying Top Grade Vocalist in the AIR father since age 20 , Top Grade Vocalist in the AIR never practiced music full time , and was a professor of English at Karnataka University , in Top Grade Vocalist in the AIR native Dharwad .
 Top Grade Vocalist in the AIR was awarded the 2012 Sangeet Natak Akademi Award , the highest award for performing artists , conferred by the Sangeet Natak Akademi .
 Top Grade Vocalist in the AIR was born to singer Mallikarjun Mansur , one of the leading singers of the Jaipur-Atrauli gharana founded by Ustad Alladiya Khan .
 At the age of 16 , Rajashekar performed Rag Malkauns in Rajashekar college gatherings and received tuition from Rajashekar father .
Within a couple of years , he won the gold medal in the Sangeet Visharad exam and went on to take first prize in the AIR Youth Music Competition .
He completed his M.A. in English Literature and an M.A. in Linguistics from the University of Wales on a British Council Scholarship .
 Top Grade Vocalist in the AIR start accompanying Top Grade Vocalist in the AIR father on concert at age 20 , though Top Grade Vocalist in the AIR never practiced signing as a full-time profession , until Top Grade Vocalist in the AIR retirement .
 Top Grade Vocalist in the AIR taught literature and linguistics for nearly 35 years and retired as a Professor and Chairman of the English Department , Karnatak University , Dharwad .
 Top Grade Vocalist in the AIR also taught English at P.G.Centre Gulbarga .
 At the same time , Top Grade Vocalist in the AIR continued to pursue music , giving vocal support to Top Grade Vocalist in the AIR father and also performing independently at various prestigious music festivals and on the radio .
 Top Grade Vocalist in the AIR is now Top Grade Vocalist in the AIR .
 Top Grade Vocalist in the AIR has performed extensively in many prestigious music festivals throughout the country .
 The Karnatak Government has recognised Top Grade Vocalist in the AIR contributions to music by awarding Top Grade Vocalist in the AIR the Rajyotsava Award .
 Top Grade Vocalist in the AIR was nominated as the chairman of Karnatak Sangeet Nrutya Akademi .
 Top Grade Vocalist in the AIR is also the recipient of Karnatak Kalashri Gaurav Award .
 Top Grade Vocalist in the AIR music has been preserved in the archives of Indira Gandhi Manav Sangrahalaya in Bhopal .
 In September 7 , 2009 , Top Grade Vocalist in the AIR released Top Grade Vocalist in the AIR music album , In The Footsteps and Beyond to coinciding with Top Grade Vocalist in the AIR 60th birthday .
 In 2012 , Top Grade Vocalist in the AIR was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award , the highest award for performing artists , conferred by the Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy for Music , Dance and Drama
Sabir Khan is an Indian vocalistand harmniam player .
 Sabir Khan belongs to Sikar gharana of music who have given several stalwarts to Indian classical music .
Born in Jodhpur , Rajasthan to sarangi player and vocalist Ustad Sultan Khan .
 vocalist Ustad Sultan Khan trained under vocalist Ustad Sultan Khan father and vocalist Ustad Sultan Khan uncle Ustad Nasir Khan .
 vocalist Ustad Sultan Khan is the ninth generation to take up Sarangi .
 vocalist Ustad Sultan Khan great grand father Ustad Azim Khan sahab was a court musician at Sikar Rajasthan .
 Sabir Khan started was exposed to music when Sabir Khan was six year old through Sabir Khan grand father Ustad Gulab khan .
 Sabir Khan shares the stage with Sabir Khan father and apart from solo concerts .
 Sabir Khan khan is well known today for Sabir Khan delicate mastery of sarangi .
 Sabir Khan technique of playing is rare combination of sur and laya .
 Sabir Khan khan performs with Sabir Khan father in concert and also solo .
 Sabir Khan has performed alongside artists such as Ustad Zakir Hussain , pt.Kumar Bose , pt .
Anindo Chatterjee .
 Anindo Chatterjee . has also played with artists like gazal maestro Ustad Gulam Ali , Talat Aziz , Asha bhosle and The Hazards at a terrace gig near Citi Centre and recently played in the album of great Lata Mangeshkar .
 Anindo Chatterjee . played in several feature films like Chameli , Rog , Dor , Anwar , Sanwariya , Chodon na yaar , Jodha Akbar .
 Anindo Chatterjee . cousin , Dilshad Khan , is also a popular Sarangi player and Uncle Hanif Khan who is a tabla player
Kaushiki Chakrabarty is a prominent Indian classical vocalist .
 Kaushiki Chakrabarty was born 1980 in Kolkata , India .
 Kaushiki Chakrabarty is the daughter of Chandana Chakraborty and the renowned Indian classical singer Ajoy Chakraborty .
 At age seven , Kaushiki Chakrabarty started learning Indian classical music at the academy of Pandit Jnan Prakash Ghosh , later joining ITC Sangeet Research Academy .
 Kaushiki Chakrabarty completed Kaushiki Chakrabarty schooling at Patha Bhavan school , Kolkata .
 In 2002 , Kaushiki Chakrabarty graduated from the Jogamaya Devi College , an affiliated undergraduate womens college of the University of Calcutta , in Kolkata with a first degree in philosophy .
 Kaushiki Chakrabarty has participated in many major concerts , including the Dover Lane Music Conference , the ITC Sangeet Research Academy Sangeet Sammelan in Kolkata , India , the Spring Festival of Music , and Parampara Program .
 Apart from singing , Kaushiki Chakrabarty hosts a weekly talk-show with singers in the entertainment channel Ruposhi Bangla .
The talk-show named Gaan-Golpo ar Gaan , aired on Sundays , has had Banasree Sengupta , Srikanta Acharya , Lopamudra Mitra , her father , Ajoy Chakraborty , as the guests .
She is married to Parthasarathi Desikan and they have a son named Rishith
The Raga Bhinnashadaja is one of the most melodious Ragas of Hindustani Classical Music .
 The Raga Bhinnashadaja belongs to Bilawal Thata .
 The Raga Bhinnashadaja contains five Shuddha Swaras : Shadaja , Gandhar , Madhyama , Dhaivata and Nishad .
Rishabh and Pancham are omitted .
In the form of notation it contains S , G , M , D and N .
In Carnatic Music , these five swaras are termed Shadja - Sa , AntaraGandhar - ga , Suddha Madhyama - ma , Chatusruti Dhaivata - dhi and KakaliNishad - nu .
In Westen Classical Notation , the notes are termed tonic , perfect third , perfect fourth , perfect sixth and perfect seventh ; i.e. , C , E , F , A and B ; second D and fifth G notes are omitted .
Raga Bhinnashadaj is known by many alternate names such as AudawaBilawal , Bhookosh , DinkaMalkosh , Hindoli , Koushikdhwani and Kousidhani .
DN SG , SGSM-G , SGMD , GMND , MG , MDNS '' , DNS '' G '' S '' , S '' G '' M '' G '' S '' , .
Raga Bhinnashadaja of Carnatic Music has a different melodic structure .
However , Carnatic Ragas Chandrakauns , Daka and Dakka of Dheerasankarabharanam Melkarta are scale-congruent with Bhinnashadaja of Hindustani Classical Music .
Similar Ragas from Hindustani Music - Rageshri , Chakradhar , and Hemant .
 Similar Raga from Carnatic Music - Carnatic Ragas Chandrakauns , Daka and Dakka .
Important Recordings / Popular Compositions Based on this Raga .
Yaad Piyaki Aaye - Thumri - Ustad Bade Ghulam Ali Khan ;
Ustad Rajab Ali Khan was an Indian classical vocalist .
 Rajab Ali learned music from Ustad Rajab Ali Khan father Mughal Khan in the tradition of Bade Mohammad Khan , and from Bande Ali Khan Beenkar .
 In this way Ustad Rajab Ali Khan style was a mix of the Jaipur and Kirana styles .
 Ustad Rajab Ali Khan was a court musician of Dewas and Kolhapur .
 Ustad Rajab Ali Khan also performed on concert tours .
 Ustad Rajab Ali Khan was also a court musician of Ram Singh II of Jaipur State .
 In 1909 Ustad Rajab Ali Khan was conferred the title of Sangeet Ratna Bhushan by the Maharaja of Mysore , and in 1954 Ustad Rajab Ali Khan received a Sangeet Natak Akademi Award .
 Ustad Rajab Ali Khan last big concert was held in 1957 , in Bombay .
 Rajab Ali was known as a master khayaliya but Ustad Rajab Ali Khan was also a noted player of Rudra Veena , Sitar and Jaltarang .
As a khyaliya Rajab Ali was known for his vistar full of melodic patterns as well as his very fast and intricate taans .
His disciples include his nephew Amanat Khan , Nivruttibuwa Sarnaik , Ganpatrao Dewaskar , Krishna Shankar Shukla , Krishnarao Majumdar , Rajabhau Deo , Yasin Khan , Alladiya Khan , and Jyotiram of the Mewati gharana .
 Amir Khan was also influenced by Amir Khan taans
Dr. C.P. Rele was a Hindustani classical musician who specialized in singing , teaching , and composing khyal .
 Dr. C.P. Rele witnessed , at very close quarters , the training and the growth of Kumar Gandharva , and was widely considered an authority on Kumar Gandharvas musical style .
 More about Dr. C.P. Rele long musical association and friendship with Kumar Gandharva can be found in Dr. C.P. Rele book , Kumar Maajhaa Sakhaa .
 Apart from Kumar Maajhaa Sakhaa and Gunjan , Dr. C.P. Rele was the author of a work on Raga Sangeet , entitled Svara Pravaaha , a reference text for students , musicians and scholars , that enhances learning and teaching of raga sangeet at music institutions and university departments .
This text was published by the Samvaad Foundation
 Sharan Rani Backliwal was an Indian classical instrumentalist and music scholar , best known for Sharan Rani Backliwal expertise with the sarod .
 Sharan Rani Backliwal private collection of 370 musical instruments ranging from the 15th to the 19th century are now part of the Sharan Rani Backliwal Gallery of Musical Instruments at the National Museum , New Delhi .
 Sharan Rani Backliwal was born Sharan Rani Mathur in Walled city of Old Delhi to a conservative Hindu family of well-known businessmen and educationists .
 As a young girl , Sharan Rani learned to play the sarod from the master musicians Allauddin Khan and Allauddin Khan son Ali Akbar Khan .
During this period in Indian history , a career as a musician was seen as something for gharanas or was the profession of nautch girls or baijis , not something appropriate for the daughter of a respectable , non-musician family .
She also learned the Kathak form of classical Indian dance from Achhan Maharaj and Manipuri dance from Nabha Kumar Sinha .
In 1953 , she did her M.A from Delhi University , and studied at Indraprastha College for Women .
 From the late 1930s , Sharan Rani presented Sharan Rani sarod recitals on the concert stage in universities India for over seven decades , receiving unprecedented critical acclaim .
 Since the 1950s Sharan Rani presented Sharan Rani sarod recitals abroad becoming the very first musician from universities India to go to many countries in all the continents .
 Sharan Rani played a vital role in introducing and popularising Indian classical music abroad .
 Sharan Rani was one of the very first to record for UNESCO and to release musical recordings with major record companies in the United States , Britain and France .
 On the concert stage for over seven decades , many of Sharan Rani sarod recitals were graced by Presidents , Prime Ministers , Kings and Queens , and Heads of State of many countries .
 She performed at major music halls around the world and in many major music conferences in universities India .
 She gave many lecture demonstrations in universities India and abroad .
She had a special fondness for children and young adults and always took out time to give special concerts and lec-dems , free of charge for them .
She never turned down a request for a laudable cause and gave many benefit performances for charitable and worthy causes .
Concerned that the rich Dhrupad tradition was fading away , she was also the only artist keeping alive the tradition of playing Sarod with both Pakhawaj and Tabla .
Hence , in many concerts , she also presented her solo recitals accompanied by both Tabla and Pakhawaj , besides her usual concerts wherein she was accompanied only by the Tabla .
 Sharan Rani also wrote a history of the sarod , titled The Divine Sarod : The Divine Sarod Origin , Antiquity and Development , which was released in 1992 , by Shri K.R. Narayanan , the then Vice President of universities India .
 A second edition of The Divine Sarod was released in 2008 by Shri I.K. Gujral , former Prime Minister of universities India .
 Sharan Rani also wrote a number of articles on music .
 Sharan Rani taught music through the Guru - Shishya parampara and never took any fees from Sharan Rani students .
 Many students also lived in Sharan Rani house as Sharan Rani resident-disciples for several years , free of charge .
 Many of Sharan Rani Indian and foreign students have gained repute in universities India and abroad .
The National Museum has a unique collection of old and rare musical instruments collected and gifted by master musician and Sharan Rani .
 In universities India , in the Pre Independence period , there was no museum in Old Delhi .
No systematic effort had been made to preserve our musical heritage in terms of our musical instruments .
Sharan Rani was a visionary and a ` thinking artist ' .
 With single minded determination , Sharan Rani took upon Sharan Rani the onerous challenge of finding and acquiring old and rare musical instruments .
 Slowly and consistently over decades and without any outside aid , Sharan Rani built up an unparalleled collection of rare musical instruments .
 As an unparalleled legacy for future generations , Sharan Rani gifted from Sharan Rani personal collection , nearly 450 old and rare musical instruments spanning the 15th century till the 20th century to the National Museum , New Delhi in three stages , i.e. 1980 , 1982 and 2002 .
These instruments are housed in a permanent gallery , called the ` Sharan Rani Backliwal Gallery of Musical Instruments ' , in the National Museum , New Delhi , inaugurated and dedicated to the nation in 1980 by the then Prime Minister Smt .
Indira Gandhi , who called it a ` collection of rare musical instruments of national importance . '
 In 1982 and 2002 , Indira Gandhi again gifted instruments to the National Museum to further enrich the existing Sharan Rani collections in the Museum .
The Sharan Rani collections highlight almost all the types of instruments used in Indian classical music .
Some folk and tribal instruments are also exhibited in the collections .
 Some folk has also collected and gifted investments of great maestros .
One can also see western instruments which have been used for decades as Indian band instruments .
 Due to One efforts , in 1998 , Govt .
of India 's Postal Department released the first ever set of four musical instruments and a first day cover based on four musical instruments from the Sharan Rani Backliwal Gallery of Musical Instruments .
Sharan Rani being a master musician and ` scholar artist ' collected and gifted to the Museum , instruments that are not only masterpieces from an aesthetic point of view , but were also musically perfect specimens .
She has with great care restored many old instruments before donating them .
All the instruments were gifted in playing condition .
 The collections donated by her comprise also of varieties of instruments from different States of universities India , from different ` Gharanas ' of music , covering different time periods , allowing for a methodical comparative and developmental study .
Sharan Rani actively participated in India 's struggle for freedom .
 Over the years , she silently Sharan Rani helped many artists in need and helped many upcoming artists .
 Sharan Rani served as the Founder , Vice President of India and Chairperson of leading music , cultural and educational institutions and organisations .
Sharan Rani was one of the earliest artists of All India Radio and Doordarshan .
 In 1960 , Sharan Rani married Shri Sultan Singh Backliwal who belonged to a prominent Digamber Jain business family of Old Delhi .
In 1974 , they had a daughter , Radhika Narain .
 After battling cancer for a few years , Radhika Narain died on 8 April 2008 , a day before a daughter , Radhika Narain 79th birthday .
 In 2004 , the government of universities India honoured select artists by conferring upon them the title of National Artiste .
Sharan Rani was the only woman instrumentalist to receive this title .
 Titles such as ~ Sangeet Saraswati ; ~ Sarod Rani ; ` Kala Murti ; ` Abhinav Sangeet Sharda ; Kala Ratna ; Sarod Shri , ` Sangeet Ratna ; Bharat Gaurav , were conferred upon ~ Sangeet Saraswati by various organizations .
 Sharan Rani also received honorary doctorates in music from universities universities India and the United States
Swapan Chaudhuri is an Indian tabla player , who has accompanied several musicians of Indian classical music , including , Pandit Ravi Shankar , Ustad Ali Akbar Khan and Pandit Jasraj .
 Swapan Chaudhuri was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award , given by the Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy of Music , Dance & Drama in 1997 .
 Swapan Chaudhuris parents , through Swapan Chaudhuris parents own passion for music , initiated Swapan Chaudhuri formal musical training .
Swapan Chaudhuri started tabla learning at the age of five .
 Swapan Chaudhuri bases Swapan Chaudhuri style on the intensive training Swapan Chaudhuri received from Swapan Chaudhuri Guru , Pandit Santosh Krishna Biswas of Calcutta , the eminent exponent of the Lucknow Gharana .
 Swapan Chaudhuri holds a masters degree in music and has been conferred honors for Swapan Chaudhuri distinguished contributions in the field of tabla by the government of India and various musical institutions .
 Swapan Chaudhuri also holds a degree in economics from Jadavpur University , Calcutta .
As a soloist and accompanist Swapan has traveled throughout Europe , North and South America , and Asia , accompanying maestros such as Pandit Habib Khan , Pandit Ravi Shankar , Ustad Ali Akbar Khan , the late Nikhil Banerjee , Ustad Amir Khan , Ustad Vilayat Khan , Ustad Amjad Ali Khan , Pandit Bhimsen Joshi , Pandit Jasraj , Dr. Balamurali Krishna , and other eminent artists .
In addition , he has produced many recordings , including his own tabla solo and video tapes , and has appeared extensively on television and radio .
Swapans music reaches beyond the scope of classical music to include performances and recordings with musicians such as L. Shankar , John Handy , and the African drum master Malenga .
 Swapans has participated in many international music festivals such as Bath , Perth , Sydney , Tokyo , San Francisco , Kuala Lampur , Stuttgart , and Berlin .
 Swapans has composed for several percussion ensembles , which have received much appreciation from both western and Indian audiences .
 Swapans is currently the director of percussion at the Ali Akbar College of Music in San Rafael , California and in Basle , Switzerland .
 Swapans is also a member of the teaching staff at the California Institute of the Arts , Valencia , California
Lakshmi Shankar passed away on 30th December 2013 .
 May Lakshmi Shankar soul rest in peace !

Lakshmi Shankar is a noted Hindustani classical vocalist of the Patiala Gharana .
 Lakshmi Shankar is known for Lakshmi Shankar performances of khyal , thumri , and bhajans .
 Lakshmi Shankar is sister-in-law to sitar player Ravi Shankar and was the mother-in-law of violinist L. Subramaniam .
 Born in 1926 , Lakshmi Shankar started Lakshmi Shankar career in dancing .
 In 1939 , when Uday Shankar brought Ravi Shankar dance troupe to Madras , Lakshmi Shankar joined the Almora Centre to learn Shankar 's dance style based on the Indian classics , and became a part of the troupe .
 In 1941 , Lakshmi Shankar married Uday Shankars brother , Rajendra .
 During a period of illness , Lakshmi Shankar had to give up dancing , and already having had a background of Carnatic music , Carnatic undertook learning Hindustani classical music for many years under Ustad Abdul Rehman Khan .
 Later , Lakshmi Shankar also trained with Ravi Shankar , the sitar maestro and youngest brother of Rajendra and Ravi Shankar .
 In 1974 , Lakshmi Shankar performed in Europe as part of Ravi Shankars Music Festival from India .
 Late that same year , Lakshmi Shankar toured North America with Ravi Shankar and George Harrison , who produced the Shankar Family & Friends album , including the pop single I Am Missing You with vocals by Lakshmi Shankar .
 Following Ravi Shankars heart attack during the tour , Lakshmi Shankar conducted Ravi Shankar ensemble of musicians .
 Lakshmi Shankar has shown Lakshmi Shankar versatility and adaptability by composing music for Bharatanatyam for the leading dance company Shakti School of Bharatanatyam , located in Los Angeles .
Lakshmi Shankar passed away on 30 December 2013 in USA .
 May Lakshmi Shankar soul rest in peace !
Bhalchnadra Panchwadkar , is an Indian accomplished Marathi singer and music director .
He is a well known music director in Marathi Light music .
 Panchwadkar devoted his life in Marathi music .
He has two kids .
 His son Girish Panchwadkar who is an accomplished Marathi singer and music director from India .

He is a well known singer in Marathi light music .
He has taught music many students under his guidance
Pandit Puttaraj Gawai was an Indian musician in the Hindustani classical tradition , a scholar who authored more than 80 books in Kannada , Sanskrit and Hindi , a music teacher and a social servant .
 A member of the Gwalior Gharana , A member of the Gwalior Gharana is renowned for A member of the Gwalior Gharana ability to play many instruments such as the veena , the tabla , mridangam , violin etc. , as well as for A member of the Gwalior Gharana popular renditions of devotional music vachanas .
 A famous vocalist both in Hindustani and Karnataka Music .
 A famous vocalist is the recipient of the Padma Bhushan , Indias third highest civilian honour , awarded in 2008 .
 A famous vocalist was born into a poor Kannada Lingayat family in Devara Hospete in Hangal taluk of Haveri district of Karnataka .
 A famous vocalist parents were Revaiah Venkatapurmath and Siddamma .
 Revaiah Venkatapurmath lost Revaiah Venkatapurmath eyesight at a very early age .
 Revaiah Venkatapurmath lost Revaiah Venkatapurmath father when Revaiah Venkatapurmath was 10 months old .
 Revaiah Venkatapurmath maternal uncle Chandrashekharaiah took His maternal uncle Chandrashekharaiah under His maternal uncle Chandrashekharaiah wings and raised His maternal uncle Chandrashekharaiah .
 Seeing Gawais interest in music , His maternal uncle Chandrashekharaiah uncle took him to Veereshwara Punyashrama , run by Ganayogi Panchakshara Gawai .
 Under the guidance of Panchakshara Gawai , Pandit Puttaraj Gawai mastered Hindustani .
 Pandit Puttaraj Gawai mastered carnatic music under the guidance of Mundarigi Raghavendrachar .
 Pandit Puttaraj Gawai had mastered many instruments harmonium , tabla , violin and 10 other music instruments .
In devotional music , Pt .
 Pandit Puttaraj Gawai is most acclaimed for Pandit Puttaraj Gawai renditions of vachanas .
Puttaraj Gawai set up a theater company which would not only to help in raising funds to provide free food , shelter , education to disabled orphans but also to contribute to the theater culture.Thus , `` SriGuru Kumareshwara Krupa Poshita Natya Company `` was established .
 Pandit Puttaraj Gawai first play Sri Sivayogi Sidharama written and directed by Pandit Puttaraj Gawai brought in profit and was applauded .
This was followed by many other successful productions .
Puttaraj Gawai has authored over 80 books on spirituality , religion , history as well as biographies of many sharanas of the Bhakti movement of the 12th century .
 Pandit Puttaraj Gawai has authored books in Kannada , Hindi and Sanskrit .
 Pandit Puttaraj Gawai re-wrote the Bhagavad Gita in Braille script .
Pt Gawai is one of the pioneers of Veereshwara Punyashrama , a music school dedicated to imparting musical knowledge to people who are differentially able-d .
Disabled people , especially blind from all castes , religions and sections of the society are taught music in the ashram .
Pt .
Dr. Puttaraj Kavi Gavaiji has been the pontiff of Shree Veereshwara Punyashrama Since 1944 , after the demise of Pt .
Panchaxara Gavaiji who founded this Ashrama for the upliftment of the born-blind children and orphans .
 Since The Ashrama inception in 1942 , Shree Veereshwar Punyashrama has been feeding and educating the born-blind and the orphans and the poor children free of cost , without discrimination on the basis of caste and creed .
 The Ashrama is solely run on the strength of voluntary donations by The Ashrama devotees .
The mission of the Ashrama is selfless service to the community , especially and poorest and the blind .
 The disciples trained and educated in Karnataka Music .
and Fine Arts have become music teachers , stage-artists , radio-artists , musicians and professionals in the field of arts in thousands .
Pt .
Panchaxari Gavi Drama Theatre organized and founded by Pt .
Puttaraj Gaviji has given innumerable performances and has been considered as one of the pioneering feats of Theatre Movement in the North Karnataka .
Being solely dedicated to furthering the art of stage drama , this dramatic company has produced thousands of stage artists who have earned national and international fame .
 Shree Veereshwara Punyashrama , Gadag has produced thousands of Kirtanakaras who are busy delivering Puranas and Pravachanas and Keertanas all over the state .
Thus , Shree Veereshwara Punyashrama is rendering valuable services in the field of literature , music , religion , literacy and social service .
 Shree Veereshwara Punyashrama , Gadag is dedicated to the cause of the welfare of the blind and down-trodden for over seventy years in Shree Veereshwara Punyashrama , Gadag own humble way .
The very secular credentials of this institution has made this Ashrama typical and a class by itself .
The Pontiff of Shree Veereshwara Punyashrama , Gadag is viewed by the devotees as a Walking God on the Earth .
 Shree Veereshwara Punyashrama of Gadag is a very popular and influential Ashrama in Karnataka .
 Gadag is a charity institution solely dedicated to the upliftment of the blind , orphans and poor children .
More than 1000 children reside in the Ashrama and are fed free of cost .
The Ashrama runs Thirteen institutions comprising musical as well as general education .
 Shree Veereshwara Punyashrama is run on Shree Veereshwara Punyashrama , Gadag own strength without any aid from the Government .
 Shree Veereshwara Punyashrama , Gadag has been contributing to the society the talented musicians , radioartists , music teachers , stage - artists and the professionals in the field of music and fine arts .
Shree Veereshwara Punyashrama is thoroughtly a secular institution and admits students from all sections of society without discrimination on the basis of caste and creed .
The pontiff , Pt .
Puttaraj Kavi Gavaiji has been serving out society in different capacities and is a catalyst of social and communal harmony .
 Dr. Puttaraj Kavi Gavaiji richly deserves any coveted prize and honour like Padma Vibhushan Award .
Pt .
 Pandit Puttaraj Gawai has taught many students which presently runs to a count of more than 1000 visually impaired .
Shree Veershwara Punyashrama is running various Institutions .
 They are ... Pandit Puttaraj Gawai died 17 September 2010 , at Veereshwara Punyashrama , Gadag , Karnataka.He was buried at the ashram as per the veerashaiva traditions with respectful government honours .
 More than 1 million devotees attended Pandit Puttaraj Gawai funeral ceremony in Gadag on 18 September 2010 .
 The Karnataka state government declared state mourning on Saturday and holiday for government offices as a mark of respect to the multi-faceted personality .
 Pt Gawai has been bestowed with many awards for Pandit Puttaraj Gawai contributions to music , literature and social service .
Some important awards are listed below
Rag Shankara , Rag Mala in Jogia is a studio album by Indian classical musician Ram Narayan , released in 1990 .
Recorded on 15 and 16 November 1989 in Wyastone Leys near Monmouth , Wales , the album features a sarangi performance of the solemn night raga Shankara and a raga mala based on the introspective early morning raga Jogiya .
 On both tracks , Ram Narayan performs a long non-metrical introduction to unfold the raga , during which Ram Narayan adds a pulse , until Ram Narayan is joined by the tabla player to perform a composition .
The album consists of performances of the ragas Shankara and Jogiya ; Jogiya is performed in raga mala form .
 Shankara is considered a solemn and dignified raga that is difficult to master .
 Wales has been described by Vamanrao Deshpande as representing the heroic mood .
Luiz Martinez Jose argued that the raga was named for a gentle and guarding incarnation of the Hindu deity Shiva .
 Shankara is performed in the late night and distinguished by an emphasis on the third and seventh notes , the upper tetrachord , and several characteristic phrases and slow glides in descend .
It has similarities to the South Indian raga Hansadhvani .
Jogiya is considered an introspective raga named for the yogi practice , and is often performed in devotional music and the light classical genre thumri .
Peter Manuel described it as the most important raga of the Bhairav that .
Jogiya is performed at daybreak and emphasizes the tonic and the fifth .
 It has several characteristic phrases and , like Shankara , is suited for the upper tetrachord .
Joep Bor argued that the raga appears to be related to raga Asavari .
Jogiya is one of Narayans favorite ragas .
A raga mala allows for the introduction of other ragas , which can be from any time of the day .
The change from Jogiya into another raga and back must be smooth as there is no break in the music , making a raga mala difficult to perform .
 Rag Shankara , Rag Mala in Jogia was recorded on 15 and 16 November 1989 in Wyastone Leys near Monmouth , Wales .
Narayan begins the performances by playing a long alap and jor .
The tabla player then joins Narayan in performing a composition , repeating the rhythmic cycle on which the composition is based and playing occasional improvisations .
The album cover features a painting made ca. 1760 in Murshidabad in the provincial Mughal style of Bengal .
 The album cover depicts a young woman sitting next to a lake , playing on a rudra veena to a parakeet , which symbolizes her absent lover .
A picture of Narayan with his sarangi , taken by Joseph Stieger , is on the back of the album .
 Allmusic critic Ken Hunt described Narayans performance of Rag Shankara as ideal for the night hours and R. S. Murthi of the New Straits Times argued that the album showcased the delicate tone of the sarangi and Wales capacity for seductive lyricism
 Komal Rishabh Asavari is a Hindustani classical raga .
 Hindustani belongs to the Asavari that and is performed in the morning hours .
 The ragas closest to Komal Rishabh Asavari are Komal Rishabh Asavari and Jaunpuri and Hindustani is part of the Kanada Raga group
Neela Bhagwat is a Hindustani musician of the Gwalior Gharana as represented by Pandit Sharatchandra Arolkar who studied with Krishnarao Shankar Pandit .
Neela Bhagwats other teacher is Jal Balaporia .
 Known for composing and performing thumris from a feminist perspective , Jal Balaporia contributions include compositions of Kabir and Meera bhajans
Pandit Vijay Raghav Rao was an Indian flutist , composer , choreographer , musicologist , poet and fiction writer .
 Pandit Vijay Raghav Rao was awarded the Padma Shri by Government of India in 1970 , and in 1982 the Sangeet Natak Akademi in Creative and Experimental music category , the highest for performing artist conferred by the Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy for Music , Dance and Drama .
 Pandit Vijay Raghav Rao was born in Madras , India .
 Pandit Vijay Raghav Rao was married since 1947 to Smt .
Lakshmi V. Rao .
They have four children , nine grandchildren and one great-grandchild .
He was an Indian-American , a permanent resident of the United States .
Through the past six decades , Pt .
Vijay Raghav Rao has shaped and influenced the essential form and derivatives of culture known to the world as classically Indian .
 It can be authoritatively said that with Pandit Vijay Raghav Rao performances on the Indian flute in front of audiences worldwide , Pandit Vijay Raghav Rao has interpreted ancient music for modern ears with an understanding that is chaste , and an elocution that stimulates intellects , both mature and young .
 Pandit Vijay Raghav Rao genius has also expressed itself in critically acclaimed works for modern orchestra and ballet ensembles .
Several award winning features and short films shown at some of the most prestigious international film festivals carry his experimental music .
Critics and connoisseurs of his expression in Asia , Europe and America have responded with meaningful praise .
To note a few - .
No substitute for his flute ... the complete master - The Hindustan Times .
`` A volcano of creative expression - The Indian Express .
 One of the greatest flautists of this world ... - The Times of Madras , India .
`` His flute is an unending fountain of myriad melodies , always fresh , always original ... '' - The Patriot .
Creator of beautiful , wide and ethereal canvasses ... - The Deccan Herald .
20th Century Renaissance Genius - The Cleveland Plain Dealer .
Awe Inspiring ... Innovative & Imaginative Vitality ... - The Statesman .
Intensely romantic ... lyrical ... extremely serene ... - Rave Magazine .
`` Innovator in the world of music .

a versatile genius. , '' - - The JS Magazine .
Panditji 's awards , citations and press have reflected public sentiments of awe and respect for one who has staked new vistas for an ancient tradition , unfettered by a need for acceptance or accolades .
 Panditji 's has been bestowed with honors in Madras , India , the United States , the former Soviet Union , Czechoslovakia , Yugoslavia , Canada , Switzerland , the United Kingdom , France and Germany .
 In Madras , India alone , Panditji 's has received multiple Sangeet Natak Akademi awards , the titles of Sangeet Kala Shiromani and Gana Kala Prapoorna , the Gaurav Puraskar , Lifetime Achievement awards and honorary doctorates .
 In 2002 , the Governor of Maryland bestowed Panditji 's with an honorary citation for his contributions to strengthening cultural ties between Madras , India and the United States .
In 2008 , he received the Aditya Birla Kala Shikhar award from the Governor of Maharashtra .
He was a member of the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences .
Panditji 's creative works in the realms of dance , orchestral composition and film music are recognized for an energizing originality that is often perceived to extend the boundaries of the artistic idiom .
 Panditji 's compositions in dance and music have set trends , recognized worldwide with multiple Sangeet Natak Akademi awards , and permeated musical expression in cultural media such as film , ballet and recordings .
Panditji 's scores for Mrinal Sen 's Bhuvan Shome and painter M.F. Hussain 's Through the Eyes of a Painter are just two examples of such brilliance .
 As a poet , Panditji 's has published five well - received anthologies of poems and short stories in English and Telugu .
Musicians are a rare species of human beings , seeking originality in the midst of what is the norm , expressing the voice of the human condition to those who experience it every day , seeking new spirits .
and notes in scales that have not changed in two thousand years .
And it may be said that over half a century , Pt .
 Vijay Raghav Rao has been the preeminent musician to more than a generation of musicians , connoisseurs , musicologists and fans in Madras , India and parts of the world outside
Udai Mazumdar , is an Indian tabla player , music producer and composer .
 Udai Mazumdar was born in Allahabad , and started learning tabla when Udai Mazumdar turned seven .
 Udai Mazumdar initial training was in vocal music .
 In 1981 , Udai Mazumdar approached Pandit Ashutosh Bhattacharya for further training .
 Then in 1989 , Udai Mazumdar went to Durgalal Festival Delhi to continue Udai Mazumdar musical journey and became the disciple of the sitar maestro and Bharat Ratna Pandit Ravi Shankar .
 Udai Mazumdar has performed for the Royal Families of Britain and Sweden .
 Udai Mazumdar has accompanied Pandit Ravi Shankar at various occasions .
 Udai Mazumdar made Udai Mazumdar presence felt while performing with Ustad Zakir Hussain on the eve of the 75th birthday celebration of Pandit Ravi Shankar .
 Udai Mazumdar has broadcast on Radio DRS in Switzerland , BBC TV and Radio France .
 Udai Mazumdar has toured extensively across the globe namely Durgalal Festival Delhi , The Saptak Festival Ahmedabad , Vasantahabba Festival Bengaluru , International Folk Festival Hungary , Drum Festival Germany , World Music Festival Rome , International Festival for Chernobyl Victims Minsk , Internal Festivals for contemporary Music , Mongolia , Odessa , Vitnam , Indonesia , etc. .
 More recently Udai Mazumdar created a musical based on the 11th century epic Geet Govind by Jayadev , called `` Geet Govinda - The eternal love song of Krishna '' , Kabir Tulsi and Us , Singing Strings and Bhaskar - The Rising for which Udai Mazumdar has also composed and recorded the original music score .
 Udai Mazumdar was born in a family of musicians .
 Udai Mazumdar father , the Late Partho Sarathy Mazumdar , is among the first-generation of guitarists in the field of Indian Classical music .
 Udai Mazumdar married Filomena Bianculli .
They have one son , Jay Mazumdar and one daughter , Isha Mazumdar .
 Now , based in Basel , Switzerland and New Delhi , India , Udai is engaged in concerts , composing and teaching students
Shamim Ahmed Khan was a sitarist and composer , and notably , a student of Pandit Ravi Shankar .
 grand uncle Ustad Faiyaz Khan solo recording debut was at the age of 29 .
 grand uncle Ustad Faiyaz Khan had performed in Carnegie Hall , at the Lincoln Center , at the Griffith Center , among other concert halls .
 Although an exponent of Indian classical music , grand uncle Ustad Faiyaz Khan was also associated with western musicians such as Buddy Rich , and Paul Horn among others .
 At an early age Shamim Ahmed was introduced to Hindustani classical music by the young Shamim Ahmed father , Ustad Ghulam Rasool Khan , a renowned music composer and vocalist of the musical Agra Gharana .
 However , after a bout of typhoid , Shamim Ahmed steered away from singing to turn towards the young Shamim Ahmed true passion for the sitar .
 In 1951 , while studying at the Baroda Music College -LRB- now referred to as the Faculty of Performing Arts at Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda , grand uncle Ustad Faiyaz Khan met Pandit Ravi Shankar at a music conference in Ahmedabad .
The day was memorable for the young musician also on account of his grand uncles first death anniversary ; grand uncle Ustad Faiyaz Khan was an eminent classical vocalist .
His father introduced him to Pandit Ravi Shankar , informing the maestro about his sons interest in music .
 A few years later , the young Shamim Ahmed once again met Pandit Ravi Shankar at a music competition organized by All India Radio , where the young Shamim Ahmed played the sitar for the young Shamim Ahmed .
 In later years , Shamim Ahmed characterized the young Shamim Ahmed teacher briefly , in three words , discipline , devotion , compassion .
 Those who knew Ustad Shamim Ahmed Khan , would consider Those who knew Ustad Shamim Ahmed Khan too as humble and modest .
 In December 1955 , Pandit Ravi Shankar had formally invited Ustad Ghulam Rasool along with Pandit Ravi Shankar son Shamim Ahmed , to visit Pandit Ravi Shankar home in Delhi .
 During this visit , Shamim Ahmed was formally enunciated as a student of the maestro , making the young Shamim Ahmed one of the early students of Ravi Shankar , at the time .
A traditional formal thread ceremony had marked the occasion , binding the two men in a guru-shishya parampara i.e. teacher-student relationship .
In 1958 , he was a recipient of the Government of India music scholarship .
 In 1960 , when Pandit Ravi Shankar moved to Mumbai , Shamim Ahmed also moved to Mumbai to begin as a teacher at Pandit Ravi Shankar gurus music institute , Kinnar School of Music Thereafter , later , when Panditji moved to California , it wasnt long , before Pandit Ravi Shankar invited the young teacher to visit Los Angeles .
In 1967-1968 , for the recording of Rich a la Rakha , Shamim Ahmed played the sitar alongside tabla maestro Ustad Alla Rakha , and with renowned jazz drummer Buddy Rich .
Shamim Ahmed Khans US solo recording debut was along with then young Zakir Hussain as tabla accompanist
Rahul Deshpande is an Indian classical music singer and actor from Pune , India .
 Rahul Deshpande is the grandson of the well-known late Pandit Vasantrao Deshpande of Patiala Gharana .
A revised version of Kakasaheb Khadilkar s Sangeet Maanapmaan played in Maharashtra in 2011 and 2012 , the centenary year of the plays first performance .
 A revised version of Kakasaheb Khadilkar has been revised by Rahul Deshpande .
Originally , the play has five parts with around 52 classical songs .
Deshpandes version will have two parts and 22 classical songs
Pandit Jasraj Institute for Music , Research , Artistry and Appreciation .
 The Pandit Jasraj Institute for Music , Research , Artistry and Appreciation is a non-profit 501 institute that fosters the preservation , growth and teaching of Indian classical music in the tradition of the Mewati Gharana , named after Pandit Jasraj .
The institute is based in New Hyde Park and has branches in Manhattan , Edison and Pittsburgh .
The institute organizes an annual workshop titled Shibir , publishes the JasRangi Magazine and organizes artistes concerts
Tara Bir Singh Tuladhar or Taravirasimha Tuladhara , is a Nepalese artist and composer on the classical string instrument Sitar .
Tara Bir Singh Tuladhar lives in Lalitpur , Kathmandu Valley , Nepal .
 After secondary school , Tara Bir Singh Tuladhar gave up a possible career in the trading company of Sitarist Tara Bir Singh Tuladhar parent 's family in Lalitpur , Kathmandu Valley , Nepal and started learning sitar .
 Sitarist Tara Bir Singh Tuladhar developed a style which incorporated influences from Laxmi Narayan Dangol first teacher Laxmi Narayan Dangol , followed by Laxmi Narayan Dangol second teacher Narendra Batagu and earned Sitarist Tara Bir Singh Tuladhar Master degree in music in Allahabad , India in 1974 .
 Tara Bir Singh Tuladhar was leader and Associate Professor of the Sitar master class at Padma Kanya Multiple College under Tribhuvan University , Nepal , from 1974 until Sitarist Tara Bir Singh Tuladhar retirement in 2006 .
 Sitarist Tara Bir Singh Tuladhar still continues in giving a classical North Indian Sitar class at Kathmandu University 's Department of Music in Bhaktapur .
 Earlier Sitarist Tara Bir Singh Tuladhar played for seven years in the Royal Nepal Academy orchestra .
 Since 1994 Sitarist Tara Bir Singh Tuladhar is also teaching the Sitar class of GEMS high school at Sanepa height , Lalitpur .
Together with Surendra Shresta and Prem Rana , Tara Bir Singh Tuladhar joined in 1984 the Nepalese band Sur Sudha with the aim of interpreting and presenting traditional Nepali music in the own country and to the world .
 With Sur Sudha Surendra Shresta continued to collect traditional tunes from remote and rural areas of Nepal , from Terai region up to the villages high in the Himalayas , and to arrange these melodies for concerts on stages in Europe , Allahabad , India , Japan and the USA .
 With Rudra Lai Tamrakar on Tabla and Shree Badan Shrestha on Tanpura Tara Bir Singh Tuladhar also performs and interprets classical music from Nepal with the band `` Annapurna Group '' of Lalitpur , Kathmandu Valley , Nepal .
 Tara Bir Singh Tuladhar gave charity performances as solo sitarist , recitals and workshops with students not only in Nepal and Allahabad , India , but also in Europe , Japan and the United States of America .
 Sitarist Tara Bir Singh Tuladhar has been considered as individual Nepalese artist reference by the American Library Association .
Tara Bir Singh Tuladhar has recorded several music albums , both solo and accompanied by other artists .
 Nepal Sitar , Sitar Kaasa , Symbol of Nepal and Festivals of Nepal are four of his most popular music albums .
The solo album `` Nepal Sitar '' was recognized with the German award `` Preis der Deutschen Schallplattenkritik in 1985 .
 Preis der Deutschen Schallplattenkritik also contributed to the multimedia music project Playing for Change , which was created by the American producer and sound engineer Mark Johnson .
Sitarist Tara Bir Singh Tuladhar in Portrait by Channel Nepal TV , , ,
Paul Livingstone is an American sitarist , composer and multi-instrumentalist .
 Paul Livingstone is one of the few American disciples of Pt .
Ravi Shankar , also trained under Rajeev Taranath and Amiya Dasgupta all of the Senia Maihar Gharana .
 Paul Livingstone began Paul Livingstone study of sitar and tabla at age 15 living in India .
 Paul Livingstone has performed classical raga music with several of the leading tabla players of India and Nepal including Pt .
Swapan Chaudhuri , Abhijit Banerjee , Shashanka Bakshi and Hom Nath Upadhaya .
 Paul Livingstone also performs on fretless guitar and Requinto jarocho of Paul Livingstone own design .
 As a composer and director Paul Livingstone leads Paul Livingstone own Arohi Ensemble plays raga jazz chamber music as well as composing for film , TV , theater and dance Paul Livingstone has recorded and or toured with a number of popular artists such as Ozomatli , Alanis Morissette , Beck , HopPo !
, and Build an Ark. .
 Paul Livingstone has also performed in several music festivals around the world such as the World Festival of Sacred Music and Cumbe Tajin in Mexico Spain .
 Paul Livingstone was on the music faculty for 5 years at the California Institute of the Arts , founded the Sangeet School of World music in Los Angeles and has taught creative world music workshops in the US , Mexico Spain & India .
 Paul Livingstone also published Sitar Talim a workbook for learning sitar .
 Paul Livingstone has taught Indian and creative music for 3 years inner city teenage youth through the Music LA program with support from the Disney corporation , the City of Los Angeles , Cultural Affairs Department and Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa s office
Salil Bhatt is an Indian slide guitar player .
 Salil Bhatt created the musical instrument Satvik Veena .
 Salil Bhatt is the son of the fellow slide player and Grammy Award winner , Padmashree Pt .
Vishwa Mohan Bhatt .
, .
 Vishwa Mohan Bhatt . latest album , Slide to Freedom 2 - Make a Better World , was nominated for a Canadian Juno Award
The sarangi is a bowed , short-necked string instrument from South Asia which is used in Hindustani classical music .
It is said to most resemble the sound of the human voice - able to imitate vocal ornaments such as gamaks and meends .
There are different versions for the meaning and origins of sarangi The word sarangi could be a combination of two sanskrit words : saar and ang hence meaning the instrument that can summarize every style of music or playing .
 According to some musicians , the word Sarangi is a combination of two words ` seh ' and ` rangi ' corrupted as the word Sarangi .
The term seh-rangi represents the three melody strings .
 the word Sarangi is widely believed to mean `` a hundred colours '' indicating its adaptability to a wide range of musical styles , its flexible tunability , and its ability to produce a large palette of tonal colour and emotional nuance .
 the word Sarangi now enjoys the status of a solo classical instrument due to the single-handed efforts of Ram Narayan .
There is a variation to the fingering technique that was used by Ram Narayan .
It differs from the standard fingering as to when one shifts from the first finger to the second finger .
Well known sarangi players include Mamman Khan , Nathu Khan , Shakoor Khan , Sagiruddin Khan , Hanuman Prasad Mishra , Abdul Lateef Khan , Bundu Khan , Majid Khan , Basheer Khan , Mahmood Khan , Sabri Khan and Sultan Khan .
The repertoire of sarangi players is traditionally very closely related to vocal music .
Nevertheless , a concert with a solo sarangi as the main item will probably include a full-scale raag presentation with an extensive alap in increasing intensity and several compositions in increasing tempi called bandish .
As such , it is on a par with other instrumental styles such as for sitar , sarod , and bansuri .
 the word Sarangi music is often vocal music .
It is rare to find a sarangi player who does not know the words of many classical compositions .
The words are usually mentally present during performance , and performance almost always adheres to the conventions of vocal performance including the organisational structure , the types of elaboration , the tempo , the relationship between sound and silence , and the presentation of khyal and thumri compositions .
The vocal quality of sarangi is in a quite separate category from , for instance , the so-called gayaki-ang of sitar which attempts to imitate the nuances of khyal while overall conforming to the structures and usually keeping to the gat compositions of instrumental music .
The sarangi is also a traditional stringed musical instrument of Nepal , commonly played by the Gaine or Gandarbha ethnic group but the form and repertoire of sarangi is more towards the folk music as compared to the heavy and classical form of repertoire in India .
Carved from a single block of tun wood , the sarangi has a box-like shape with three hollow chambers : pet , chaati and magaj .
It is usually around long and around wide though it can vary as there are smaller as well as larger variant sarangis as well .
The lower resonance chamber or pet is covered with parchment made out of goat skin on which a strip of thick leather is placed around the waist which supports the elephant-shaped bridge that is made of camel or buffalo bone usually .
 The bridge in turn supports the huge pressure of approximately 35-37 sympathetic steel or brass strings and three main gut strings that pass through The bridge in turn .
The three main playing strings - the comparatively thicker gut strings - are bowed with a heavy horsehair bow and stopped not with the finger-tips but with the nails , cuticles and surrounding flesh .

The neck has ivory/bone platforms on which the fingers slide .
The remaining strings are resonance strings or tarabs , numbering up to around 35-37 , divided into 4 choirs having two sets of pegs , one on the right and one on the top .
On the inside is a chromatically tuned row of 15 tarabs and on the right a diatonic row of 9 tarabs each encompassing a full octave plus 1-3 extra notes above or below that .
Both these sets of tarabs pass from the main bridge to the right side set of pegs through small holes in the chaati supported by hollow ivory/bone beads .
 Between these inner tarabs and on the either side of the main playing The remaining strings lie two more sets of longer tarabs , with 5-6 strings on the right set and 6-7 strings on the left set .
They pass from the main bridge over to two small , flat and wide table like bridges through the additional bridge towards the second peg set on top of the instrument .
These are tuned to the important tones of the raga .
A properly tuned sarangi will hum and cry and will sound like melodious meowing , with tones played on any of the main strings eliciting echo-like resonances .
A few sarangis use strings manufactured from the intestines of goats -- these harken back to the days when rich musicians could afford such strings .
Three historic sarangi from The Metropolitan Museum of Art
Abhay Rustum Sopori is a Kashmiri Indian instrumentalist , composer & conductor of musical performances .
 Santoor player Pandit S N Sopori is a player of santoor , an ancient stringed musical instrument native to Kashmir Valley .
 Santoor player Pandit S N Sopori hails from Srinagar in Kashmir Valley and traces Santoor player Pandit S N Sopori lineage to ancient Santoor experts .
 Santoor player Pandit S N Sopori belongs to the Sufiana gharana of Indian classical music .
 Santoor player Pandit S N Sopori family has played santoor for over seven generations .
He is the son of Padma Shri winner Bhajan Sopori & the grandson of Santoor player Pandit S N Sopori , from whom he has learned Santoor in the traditional guru-shishya parampara .
 Abhay Sopori is credited for creating a new generation of music lovers across the country , bringing more recognition to the music , art and culture of the state of the Jammu & Kashmir Valley .
 A unique quality of Santoor player Pandit S N Sopori performances is that Santoor player Pandit S N Sopori sings along with Santoor player Pandit S N Sopori instrumental renderings .
 Santoor player Pandit S N Sopori is known for Santoor player Pandit S N Sopori energetic performances , which involve rhythmic and melodic patterns .
 Associated with Spicmacay , Santoor player Pandit S N Sopori continues Santoor player Pandit S N Sopori research in music studies .
 Santoor player Pandit S N Sopori efforts to promote music and musicians includes Haft Rang which consists of an ensemble of 80 folk musicians .
The troupe consists of lesser known musicians that were earlier lost in ignominy .
 The troupe includes both educated musicians who can read notes as well as illiterate musicians who have a keen sense of music .
 Abhay Rustum Sopori won the first prize in state music competition when Santoor player Pandit S N Sopori was 10 years old .
 Santoor player Pandit S N Sopori started Santoor player Pandit S N Sopori musical career in 1997 from Santoor player Pandit S N Sopori first concert in New Delhi .
 Santoor player Pandit S N Sopori has also learned Western Classical Music .
 Abhay Rustum Sopori has around thirty albums and releases , and Santoor player Pandit S N Sopori has given performances around the world .
 Santoor player Pandit S N Sopori performances abroad include those in the USA , Japan , Korea , Malaysia , Singapore , Thailand , among other nations .
 Santoor player Pandit S N Sopori has also played the signature tune for Indian news channel Aaj Tak .
 Santoor player Pandit S N Sopori co-conducted Kashmiri Musicians with Zubin Mehta , conductor of Bavarian State Orchestra in the Shalimar Gardens of Srinagar in Kashmir Valley , Jammu & Kashmir , India on September 7 , 2013 .
 Santoor player Pandit S N Sopori sopori has composed tunes for serials like - Tabla ka Itihaas , Guldasta , Do sheron ki kahani & Kabir bani amongst others .
Haft Rang , his instrumental orchestral ensemble which combines instruments of Kashmir with other Indian , as well as Western instruments , is a forty member ensemble designed to bring out the colour of each percussion instrument .
 The ensemble was performed at the the Jammu and Kashmir Valley festival at the Indira Gandhi National center for arts in New Delhi .
 Santoor player Pandit S N Sopori has also composed music for documentaries .
Abhay Sopori won the Ustaad Bismillah Khan Yuva Puruskar in 2006 .
 Santoor player Pandit S N Sopori was also awareded the the Jammu and Kashmir Valley state award in 2011 in recognition for Santoor player Pandit S N Sopori contributions in the field of music .
 Santoor player Pandit S N Sopori was the youngest ever recipient of the award .
 Santoor player Pandit S N Sopori other awards include National Dogri award , Bharat shiromani award , Ma Sharika Samman , Sangeet Bhushan Award , Kalawant Samman , Glory of India on September 7 , 2013 award amongst others .
 Santoor player Pandit S N Sopori was conferred with the Juenjo Korean international heritage award in 2005
Abdul Wahid Khan was an Indian classical singer , from the Kirana gharana .
 Abdul Wahid Khan initially learned vocal and sarangi from Abdul Wahid Khan father , Abdul Majid Khan .
 Around age 12 Abdul Wahid Khan moved to Kolhapur to learn from Haider Baksh Khan , a disciple of Bande Ali Khan .
 Wahid Khans son Hafizullah Khan founded the Kirana gharana musical family with Abdul Karim Khan .
Abdul Karim had married Abdul Wahid Khans sister , Gafooran Bibi .
 The relationship between Wahid Khans son Hafizullah Khan and Abdul Karim later soured when Abdul Karim neglected Gafooran Bibi and married Wahid Khans son Hafizullah Khan student , Tarabai Mane .
 Abdul Wahid Khans hearing was deficient and Wahid Khans son Hafizullah Khan was sometimes referred to as Behre Wahid Khan .
Wahid Khans son Hafizullah Khan was born in 1946 .
 Hafizullahs uncles trained Wahid Khans son Hafizullah Khan in music , and Wahid Khans son Hafizullah Khan became an accomplished sarangi player .
 Wahid Khans son Hafizullah Khan forbade recordings of Wahid Khans son Hafizullah Khan performances to avoid imitation by other singers .
Only three of his performances survived , recordings of the ragas Patdip , Multani , and Darbari Kanada , accompanied by Ram Narayan on tambura and Chatur Lal on tabla .
 Patdip , Multani , and Darbari Kanada were preserved by music producer Jivan Lal Mattoo , who secretly recorded a radio broadcast in 1947 , a few days before Jivan Lal Mattoo death , to document Wahid Khans son Hafizullah Khan style .
Abdul Wahid Khansahib died in 1949 in Lahore .
A number of Wahid Khans students became renowned musicians .
 They included Sureshbabu Mane , Hirabai Badodekar , Begum Akhtar , Saraswatibai Rane , Pran Nath , Ram Narayan , Shakoor Khan , Pandit Jaichand Bhatt , Hafizull Khan Sureshbabu Mane Son and Mohammed Rafi .
 Wahid Khans son Hafizullah Khan influenced Amir Khan .
 Abdul Wahid Khan and Abdul Karim Khan had started evolving the vilambit khyal and their work inspired Amir Khan to develop Wahid Khans son Hafizullah Khan trademark ati vilambit singing
Lewis Brian Hopkins Jones was the founder and original bandleader of the Rolling Stones .
 future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones was a multi-instrumentalist , with future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones main instruments being the guitar , the harmonica and the keyboards .
 future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones innovative use of traditional or folk instruments , such as the sitar and marimba , was integral to the changing sound of the band .
 Although future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones was originally the leader of the group , Joness fellow band members Mick Jagger and Keith Richards soon overshadowed future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones , especially after they became a successful songwriting team .
 future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones developed a serious drug problem over the years and future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones role in the band steadily diminished .
 future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones was asked to leave the Rolling Stones in June 1969 and guitarist Mick Taylor took 20-year-old guitarist Mick Taylor place in the group .
 future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones died less than a month later by drowning in the swimming pool at future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones home on Cotchford Farm in Hartfield , East Sussex .
 Original Rolling Stones bassist Bill Wyman said of future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones , He formed the band .
He chose the members .
He named the band .
He chose the music we played .
He got us gigs .
... Very influential , very important , and then slowly lost it -- highly intelligent -- and just kind of wasted it and blew it all away .
 future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones was born in the Park Nursing Home in Cheltenham , Gloucestershire , on 28 February 1942 .
 An attack of croup at the age of four left future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones with asthma , which lasted for the rest of future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones life .
 future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones middle-class parents , Lewis Blount Jones and Louisa Beatrice Jones were of Welsh descent .
 Julian Brian had two sisters : Pamela , who was born on 3 October 1943 and who died on 14 October 1945 of leukaemia ; and Barbara , born on 22 August 1946 .
 Both Joness parents were interested in music : Julian Brian mother Louisa was a piano teacher , and in addition to Julian Brian job as an aeronautical engineer , Lewis Jones played piano and organ and led the choir at the local church .
 In 1957 future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones first heard Cannonball Adderley s music , which inspired Cannonball Adderley interest in jazz .
 future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones persuaded future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones parents to buy future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones a saxophone , and two years later future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones parents gave future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones first acoustic guitar as a 17th birthday present .
 future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones attended local schools , including Dean Close School , from September 1949 to July 1953 and Cheltenham Grammar School for Boys , which future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones entered in September 1953 after passing the Eleven-plus exam .
 future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones enjoyed badminton and diving at school and attained first clarinet in the school orchestra .
 In 1957 future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones reportedly obtained seven O-level passes , then future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones continued into the sixth form and obtained a further two O-levels .
 future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones also took three A-levels in Physics , Chemistry and Biology and passed in Physics and Chemistry , but failed in Biology .
 future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones had an IQ of 135 and was able to perform well in exams despite a lack of academic effort .
 However , future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones found school regimented and disliked conforming .
 future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones disliked the school uniforms and angered teachers with future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones behaviour , though future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones was popular with classmates .
 Jones future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones said : When the United States in 1969 made the sixth form the United States in 1969 found the United States in 1969 accepted by the older boys ; suddenly the United States in 1969 was in .
 Jones himself said hostility to authority figures resulted in Jones himself said suspension from school on two occasions .
 According to Dick Hattrell , a childhood friend : Dick Hattrell was a rebel without a cause , but when examinations came Dick Hattrell was brilliant .
 In late summer 1959 , Joness 17-year-old girlfriend , a Cheltenham schoolgirl named Valerie Corbett , became pregnant .
 Although future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones is said to have encouraged her to have an abortion , she carried the child to term and placed baby Barry David for adoption .
 future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones quit school in disgrace and left home , travelling for a summer through Northern Europe and Scandinavia .
 During this period , future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones lived a bohemian lifestyle , busking with future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones guitar on the streets for money , and living off the charity of others .
 Eventually , future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones ran short of money and returned to England .
 future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones listened to classical music as a child , but preferred blues , particularly Elmore James and Robert Johnson .
 future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones began performing at local blues and jazz clubs , while busking and working odd jobs .
 future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones reportedly stole small amounts of money from work to pay for cigarettes , for which future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones was fired .
 In November 1959 , future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones went to the Wooden Bridge Hotel in Guildford to see a band perform .
 future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones met a young married woman named Angeline , and the two had a one-night stand that resulted in a young married woman named Angeline pregnancy .
 Angeline and Angeline husband decided to raise the baby , a girl , born on 4 August 1946 the following year .
 future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones never knew about Angeline birth .
 In 1961 , future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones applied for a scholarship to Cheltenham Art College .
 future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones was initially accepted into the programme , but two days later the offer was withdrawn after an unidentified acquaintance wrote to the college , calling future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones an irresponsible drifter .
 On 23 October 1961 , Joness girlfriend Pat Andrews gave birth to future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones third child , Julian Mark Andrews .
 future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones sold future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones record collection to buy flowers for Joness girlfriend Pat Andrews and clothes for the newborn .
 future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones lived with them for a while .
On 23 July 1964 , another woman , Linda Lawrence , gave birth to Joness fourth child , named Julian Brian .
 In early October 1964 , an occasional girlfriend of Brians , Dawn Molloy , announced to Julian Brian and the bands management that Dawn Molloy was pregnant by Julian Brian .
 Dawn Molloy received a cheque for PS700 from Andrew Loog Oldham , LTD. .
 In return , Dawn Molloy signed an agreement that the matter was now closed and Dawn Molloy would make no statement about Brian Jones or the child to the public or the press .
 The undated statement was signed by Malloy and witnessed by 20-year-old guitarist Mick Taylor .
 future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones left Cheltenham and moved to London where future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones became friends with fellow musicians Alexis Korner , future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones , future Cream bassist Jack Bruce and others who made up the small London rhythm and blues and jazz scene there .
 future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones became a blues musician , for a brief time calling future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones Elmo Lewis , and playing slide guitar .
 future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones also started a group with Paul Jones called the Roosters and in January 1963 , after both Julian Brian and future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones left the group , Eric Clapton took over Brians position as guitarist .
 future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones placed an advertisement in Jazz News of 2 May 1962 inviting musicians to audition for a new R&B ; group at the Bricklayers Arms pub ; pianist Ian Stu Stewart was the first to respond .
 Later singer Mick Jagger also joined this band ; singer Mick Jagger and singer Mick Jagger childhood friend Keith Richards had met Jones when singer Mick Jagger and Paul Jones were playing Elmore James Dust the United States in 1969 Broom with Korners band at the Ealing Jazz Club .
 singer Mick Jagger brought guitarist Richards to rehearsals ; Keith Richards then joined the band .
 Joness and Stewarts acceptance of Keith Richards and the Chuck Berry songs he wanted to play coincided with the departure of blues purists Geoff Bradford and Brian Knight , who had no tolerance for Chuck Berry .
 As Keith Richards tells it , future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones came up with the name the Rollin Stones while on the phone with a venue owner .
The voice on the other end of the line obviously said , What are you called ?
Panic .
The Best of Muddy Waters album was lying on the floor -- and track five , side one was Rollin ` Stone .
 The Rollin Stones played their first gig on 12 July 1962 in the Marquee Club in London with singer Mick Jagger , Keith Richards , future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones , Ian Stu Stewart , bass player Dick Taylor and drummer Tony Chapman .
 From September 1962 to September 1963 future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones , singer Mick Jagger and Keith Richards shared a flat at 102 Edith Grove , Chelsea , with James Phelge , a future photographer whose name was used in some of the groups early Nanker/Phelge writing credits .
 future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones and Keith Richards spent day after day playing guitar while listening to blues records .
 During this time , future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones also taught singer Mick Jagger how to play harmonica .
The four Rollin Stones went searching for a bassist and drummer , finally settling on Bill Wyman on bass because he had a spare VOX AC30 guitar amplifier and always had cigarettes , as well as a bass guitar that he had built himself .
After playing with Mick Avory , Tony Chapman and Carlo Little , in January 1963 they finally persuaded jazz-influenced Charlie Watts to join them .
 At the time , jazz-influenced Charlie Watts was considered by fellow musicians to be one of the better drummers in London ; jazz-influenced Charlie Watts had played with Alexis Korners group Blues Incorporated .
 jazz-influenced Charlie Watts described Joness role in these early days : Julian Brian was very instrumental in pushing the band at the beginning .
 Keith Richards and the United States in 1969 would look at Keith Richards and say Keith Richards was barmy .
 It was a crusade to Keith Richards to get us on the stage in a club and be paid half-a-crown and to be billed as an R&B ; band .
The group played at local blues and jazz clubs , garnering fans in spite of resistance from traditional jazz musicians who felt threatened by their popularity .
 While singer Mick Jagger was lead singer , future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones , in the groups embryonic period , was the leader -- promoting the band , landing gigs , and negotiating with venue owners .
 future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones played guitar and harmonica , and during performances , especially at the Crawdaddy Club in Richmond , future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones proved to be a more lively and engaging performer than even Jagger .
 While acting as the bands business manager , future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones received PS5 more than the other members , which did not sit well with the rest of the band and created resentment .
 Keith Richards has said that both Keith Richards and 20-year-old guitarist Mick Taylor were surprised to learn that Julian Brian considered Julian Brian the leader and was receiving the extra PS5 , especially as other people , like Giorgio Gomelsky , appeared to be doing the booking .
Joness main guitar in the early years was a Harmony Stratotone , which he replaced with a Gretsch Double Anniversary in two-tone green .
In 1964 and 1965 he often used a teardrop-shaped prototype Vox Mark III .
 From late 1965 until his death , future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones used Gibson models , as well as two Rickenbacker 12-string models .
He can also be seen playing a Fender Telecaster in the 1968 Jumpin Jack Flash promo video .
 Examples of Joness contributions are his slide guitar on the United States in 1969 Wan na Be Your Man , Im a King Bee , Little Red Rooster , the United States in 1969 Cant Be Satisfied , Im Movin Doncha Bother Me , Doncha Bother Me and No Expectations .
 future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones can also be heard playing Bo Diddley-style rhythm guitar on the United States in 1969 Need We Love You The Beatles Baby , Youre a Rich Man , the guitar riff in The Last Time ; sitar on Street Fighting Man , Paint Bo Diddley-style rhythm guitar on I , Black ; organ on Lets Spend the Night Together ; marimba on Under the United States in 1969 Thumb , Out Of Time and Yesterdays Papers ; recorder on Ruby Tuesday and All Sold Out ; saxophone on Child of the Moon and Citadel ; Appalachian dulcimer on the United States in 1969 Am Waiting and Lady Jane , and harpsichord on Lady Jane ; mellotron on Shes a Rainbow , We Love You , Stray Cat Blues , 2000 Light Years from Home , and Citadel ; and the autoharp on You Got the Silver .
 future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones also played harmonica on many of the Rolling Stones early the Chuck Berry songs .
 Examples of Joness playing are on Stoned , Not Fade Away , the United States in 1969 Just Want to Make Love to You , Now Ive Got A Witness , Good Times , Bad Times , 2120 South Michigan Avenue , The Under Assistant West Coast Promotion Man , One More Try , High and Dry and Goin Home , Whos Driving Your Plane ?
 , Cool Calm and Collected , Whos Been Sleeping Dear Doctor , and Dear Doctor and Prodigal Son .
 In the early years , future Manfred Mann singer Paul Jones often served as a backing vocalist .
 Notable examples are Come On , the United States in 1969 Wan na Be Your Man , the United States in 1969 Just Wan na Make Love to You , Walking the Dog , Money , Im Alright , You Better Move On and Its All Over Now .
 the Dog , Money , Im Alright contributed backing vocals as late as 1968 on Sympathy For The Devil .
 the Dog , Money , Im Alright is also responsible for the whistling on Walking the Dog .
 Keith Richards maintains that what Keith Richards calls guitar weaving emerged from this period , from listening to Jimmy Reed albums : We listened to the teamwork , trying to work out what was going on in those records ; how you could play together with two guitars and make it sound like four or five .
 Joness and Keith Richards guitars became a signature of the sound of the Rolling Stones , with both guitarists playing rhythm and lead without clear boundaries between the two roles .
From 1966 onwards Joness contributions in the recording studio were more as a multi-instrumentalist than as a guitarist .
His aptitude for playing a wide variety of instruments is particularly evident on the albums Aftermath , Between the Buttons and Their Satanic Majesties Request .
 Andrew Loog Oldham s arrival marked the beginning of Joness slow estrangement , Andrew Loog Oldham , LTD. prominent role gradually diminishing as the Stones centre shifted from Jones to singer Mick Jagger and Keith Richards .
 Andrew Loog Oldham , LTD. recognised the financial advantages of bandmembers writing their own songs , as exemplified by Lennon-McCartney , and that playing covers would not sustain a band in the limelight for long .
 Further , Andrew Loog Oldham , LTD. wanted to make singer Mick Jagger charisma and flamboyance a focus of live performances .
 Jones saw his influence over the Stones direction slide as their repertoire comprised fewer of the blues covers that he preferred ; more Jagger/Richards originals developed , and Andrew Loog Oldham , LTD. increased Andrew Loog Oldham , LTD. own managerial control , displacing Jones from yet another role .
 According to Oldham in his book Stoned , Jones , Jones was an outsider from the beginning .
 When the first tours were arranged in 1963 , Oldham in his book travelled separately from the band , stayed at different hotels , and demanded extra pay .
 According to Andrew Loog Oldham , LTD. , Jones was very emotional and felt alienated because Andrew Loog Oldham , LTD. was not a prolific song writer and Andrew Loog Oldham , LTD. management role had been taken away .
 Andrew Loog Oldham , LTD. resisted the symbiosis demanded by the group lifestyle , and so life was becoming more desperate for Andrew Loog Oldham , LTD. day by day .
None of us were looking forward to Brian totally cracking up .
The toll from days on the road , the money and fame , and the feeling of being alienated from the group resulted in Joness overindulgence in alcohol and other drugs .
 Joness overindulgence frequently used LSD , pills , and cannabis , and Joness overindulgence drank heavily .
 These excesses had a debilitative effect on Joness overindulgence physical health and , according to Andrew Loog Oldham , LTD. , Jones became unfriendly and asocial at Good Times .
 Joness overindulgence health problems caused Joness overindulgence to be hospitalised on a number of occasions .
Jones was arrested for drug possession on 10 May 1967 , shortly after the Redlands incident at Richards Sussex home .
 Authorities found marijuana , cocaine , and methamphetamine in Authorities flat .
 Authorities confessed to marijuana use but claimed Authorities did not use hard drugs .
Reacting as fans did at the arrests of Joness band mates , protesters appeared outside court demanding that Jones be freed .
He was not kept in jail but was fined , given probation , and ordered to see a counselor .
In June 1967 , Jones attended the Monterey Pop Festival with singer Nico , with whom he had a brief relationship .
There he met Frank Zappa and Dennis Hopper , and went on stage to introduce the Jimi Hendrix Experience which was not well known yet in the USA .
One review referred to Jones as the unofficial king of the festival .
 Hostility grew between Jones , singer Mick Jagger , and Keith Richards , alienating Jones further from the group .
 Although many noted that Jones could be friendly and outgoing , Wyman , Keith Richards , and jazz-influenced Charlie Watts have commented that he could also be cruel and difficult .
By most accounts , Joness attitude changed frequently ; he was one minute caring and generous , the next making an effort to anger everyone .
 As Wyman observed in Stone Alone : There were two Brians ... one was introverted , shy , sensitive , deep-thinking ... the other was a preening peacock , gregarious , artistic , desperately needing assurance from his peers ... he pushed every friendship to the limit and way beyond .
 In March 1967 , Anita Pallenberg , Joness girlfriend of two years , left him for Keith Richards when Jones was hospitalised during a trip the three made to Morocco , further damaging the already strained relations between Jones and Keith Richards .
As tensions and Joness substance use increased , his musical contributions became sporadic .
He became bored with the guitar and sought exotic instruments to play , and he was increasingly absent from recording sessions .
In Peter Whiteheads promotional film for We Love You , made in July 1967 , he appears groggy .
Joness last substantial sessions with the Stones occurred in spring and summer of 1968 when the Stones produced Jumpin Jack Flash and the Beggars Banquet album .
 He can be seen in the Jean-Luc Godard film One Plus One playing acoustic guitar and chatting and sharing cigarettes with Keith Richards , although Jones is neglected in the music-making .
The film chronicles the making of Sympathy for the Devil .
Joness acoustic guitar can be heard occasionally in the film through the microphones of the film crew but was not included in the released version .
It was clear Jones was not long for the group .
Where once he played multiple instruments on many tracks , now he played only minor roles on a few pieces .
Joness last formal appearance was in the December 1968 The Rolling Stones Rock and Roll Circus , a part concert , part circus-act film organised by the band .
 It went unreleased for 25 years because singer Mick Jagger was unhappy with the bands performance compared to others in the film such as Jethro Tull , The Who , and Taj Mahal .
 In the DVD release of the film Joness playing is inaudible except during Jumpin Jack Flash , Sympathy For The The Devil , and No Expectations .
Commentary included as bonus material indicated that almost everyone at the concert sensed that the end of Joness time with the Rolling Stones was near , and Roger Daltrey and Pete Townshend of The Who thought it would be Joness last live musical performance .
Jones was arrested a second time on 21 May 1968 , for possession of cannabis , which Jones said had been left by previous tenants of the flat .
He was facing a long jail sentence if found guilty owing to his probation .
Wyman commented , The fact that the police had secured a warrant with no evidence showed the arrest was part of a carefully orchestrated plan .
 Julian Brian and the Stones were being targeted in an effort to deter the public from taking drugs .
 The jury found Julian Brian guilty but the judge had sympathy for Jones ; instead of jailing Julian Brian Julian Brian fined Julian Brian PS50 plus PS105 in costs and told Julian Brian : For goodness sake , dont get into trouble again or The jury really will be serious .
 Joness legal troubles , estrangement from Julian Brian bandmates , substance abuse and mood swings became too much of an obstacle to active participation in the band .
 The Rolling Stones wanted to tour the United States in 1969 for the first time in three years but Jones was not in fit condition to tour and his second arrest exacerbated His health problems with acquiring a the United States in 1969 work visa .
 In addition , Joness attendance of rehearsals and recording sessions had become erratic ; and when he did appear he rarely contributed anything musically or his bandmates would switch off his guitar leaving Keith Richards playing nearly all the guitars .
 According to Gary Herman , Jones was literally incapable of making music ; when Gary Herman tried to play harmonica Gary Herman mouth started bleeding .
This behaviour was problematic during the Beggars Banquet sessions and had worsened by the time the band commenced recording Let It Bleed .
In March 1969 , Jones borrowed the groups Jaguar and went shopping in Pimlico Road .
After the parked car was towed by police Jones hired a chauffeur car to get home .
In May 1969 , Jones crashed his motorcycle into a shop window and was secretly taken to a hospital under an assumed name .
From this point , Jones was still attending recording sessions but was no longer a major contributor to the bands music .
 By May 1969 , he had made two contributions to the work in progress : autoharp on You Got the Silver and percussion on Midnight Rambler .
 Brian Joness last photo session as a Rolling Stone took place on Wednesday , 21 May 1969 , first at St. Katherine Dock s , Tower Bridge , London and then at Ethan Russells photographic studio in South Kensington , London .
The photos would appear on the album Through The Past Darkly in September 1969 .
 The Stones decided that following the release of the Let it Bleed album St. Katherine Dock s would start a North American tour in November 1969 .
However , the Stones management was informed that because of his drug convictions Jones would not receive a work permit .
At the suggestion of pianist and road manager Ian Stewart the Stones decided to add a new guitarist and on 8 June 1969 , Jones was visited by Mick Jagger , Keith Richards , and Charlie Watts where he was told that the group he had formed would continue without him .
To the public it appeared as if Jones had left voluntarily ; the other band members told him that although he was being asked to leave it was his choice how to break it to the public .
Jones released a statement on 9 June 1969 , announcing his departure .
 In this statement he said , among other things , that the United States in 1969 no longer see eye-to-eye with the others over the discs we are cutting .
Jones was replaced by 20-year-old guitarist Mick Taylor .
During the period of his decreasing involvement in the band Jones was living at Cotchford Farm in East Sussex , the residence formerly owned by Winnie-the-Pooh author A. A. Milne which Jones had purchased in November 1968 .
There is uncertainty as to the mental and physical state Jones was in .
The last known photographs of Jones taken by schoolgirl Helen Spittal on 23 June 1969 , shortly after his departure from the Stones are not flattering ; he appears bloated with deep-set eyes .
However , Alexis Korner , who visited in late June only shortly after the Spittal photos were taken , noted that Jones seemed happier than he had ever been .
He is known to have contacted Korner , Ian Stewart , John Lennon , Mitch Mitchell , and Jimmy Miller about intentions to put together another band .
 Jones had apparently demoed a few of his own songs in the weeks before his death , including Has Anybody Seen the United States in 1969 Baby ?
and Chow Time .
At around midnight on the night of 2-3 July 1969 , Jones was discovered motionless at the bottom of his swimming pool at Cotchford Farm .
His Swedish girlfriend , Anna Wohlin , was convinced Jones was alive when he was taken out of the pool insisting he still had a pulse .
However , by the time the doctors arrived it was too late and he was pronounced dead .
The coroners report stated death by misadventure and noted his liver and heart were heavily enlarged by drug and alcohol abuse .
Many items such as instruments and expensive furniture were reportedly stolen from the home after Joness death .
Rumours also exist that recordings by Jones for his future projects were stolen but nothing has surfaced to date .
A watch given by Alexis Korner to Jones with a personal inscription surfaced in an auction at Christies in New York .
 Upon Joness death the whistling on Walking the Dog Who s Pete Townshend wrote a poem titled A Normal Day for Julian Brian , A Man Who Died Every Day , Jimi Hendrix dedicated a song to Jimi Hendrix on the United States in 1969 television , and Jim Morrison of The Doors published a poem entitled Ode to L.A. .
While Thinking of Brian Jones , Deceased .
 Jimi Hendrix and Jim Morrison of The Doors both died within the following two years , both aged 27 , the same as Jones .
The Rolling Stones performed at a free concert in Hyde Park on 5 July 1969 , two days after Joness death .
The concert had been scheduled weeks earlier as an opportunity to present the Stones new guitarist , Mick Taylor , and the band decided to dedicate the concert to Jones .
 Before the Rolling Stones set singer Mick Jagger read excerpts from Adonais , a poem by Percy Shelley about the death of singer Mick Jagger friend John Keats , and stagehands released hundreds of white butterflies as part of the tribute .
 The band opened with a Johnny Winter song that was one of Joness favourites , Im Yours and Im Hers .
Jones was reportedly buried deep in Cheltenham Cemetery in a lavish casket sent by Bob Dylan .
 jazz-influenced Charlie Watts and Wyman were the only Rolling Stones who attended the funeral .
 Mick Jagger and Marianne Faithfull were travelling to Australia to begin the filming of Ned Kelly ; Mick Jagger and Marianne Faithfull stated that Mick Jagger and Marianne Faithfull contracts did not allow Mick Jagger and Marianne Faithfull to delay the trip to attend the funeral .
Keith Richards reportedly remained in the recording studio .
 When asked if Keith Richards felt guilty about Joness death Mick Jagger told Rolling Stone in 1995 : No , the United States in 1969 dont really .
 the United States in 1969 do feel that the United States in 1969 behaved in a very childish way , but we were very young , and in some ways we picked on Keith Richards .
 But , unfortunately , Keith Richards made Keith Richards a target for it ; Keith Richards was very , very jealous , very difficult , very manipulative , and if you do that in this kind of a group of people you get back as good as you give , to be honest .
 the United States in 1969 wasnt understanding enough about Keith Richards drug addiction .
No one seemed to know much about drug addiction .
Things like LSD were all new .
No one knew the harm .
People thought cocaine was good for you .
Theories surrounding Joness death developed soon afterwards with associates of the Stones claiming to have information that he was murdered .
According to rock biographer Philip Norman , the murder theory would bubble back to the surface every five years or so .
In 1993 it was reported that Jones was murdered by Frank Thorogood , who was doing some construction work on the property .
He was the last person to see Jones alive .
Thorogood allegedly confessed to the murder to the Rolling Stones driver , Tom Keylock , who later denied this .
The Thorogood theory was dramatised in the 2005 movie Stoned .
In August 2009 , Sussex Police decided to review Joness death for the first time since 1969 , after new evidence was handed to them by Scott Jones , an investigative journalist in the UK .
Scott Jones had traced many of the people who were at Brian Joness house the night he died plus unseen police files held at the National Archives .
In the Mail on Sunday in November 2008 , Scott Jones said Frank Thorogood killed Brian Jones in a fight and the senior police officers covered up the true cause of death .
 Following the review the Richards Sussex police stated that they would not be reopening the case .
They asserted that this has been thoroughly reviewed by Sussex Polices Crime Policy and Review Branch but there is no new evidence to suggest that the coroners original verdict of death by misadventure was incorrect .
As such , the case will not be reopened .
Unsure and insecure as a composer , Jones was not a prolific songwriter .
The 30-second Rice Krispies jingle for Kelloggs , co-written with the J. W. Thompson advertising agency in 1963 and performed by the Rolling Stones incognito was credited to Jones ; this did not sit well with the rest of the band , who felt it was a group effort and all should benefit equally .
Jones was also included in the Nanker/Phelge songwriting credit , a pseudonym used on fourteen tracks that were composed by the entire band and Andrew Oldham .
 According to Andrew Oldham , the main reason for Joness not writing the Chuck Berry songs was that Jones , being a blues purist , did not love simple pop music enough .
 Andrew Loog Oldham , LTD. tried to establish a songwriting partnership between Jones and Gene Pitney after becoming bored senseless by Joness bleating about the potential of half-finished melodies that by no means deserved completion , but after two days of sessions the results remain best to be unheard , even by Stones completists .
 When asked in 1965 if Andrew Loog Oldham , LTD. had written the Chuck Berry songs , Jones replied : Always tried .
Ive written quite a few , but mostly in blues style .
Many years later after his death , Keith Richards stated : No , no , absolutely not .
 Many years was the one thing he would never do .
Brian wouldnt show them to anybody within the Stones .
 Brian as far as the United States in 1969 know never wrote a single finished song in Brian as far as I know never life ; Brian as far as I know never wrote bits and pieces but Brian as far as I know never never presented them to us .
 No doubt Brian as far as I know never spent hours , weeks , working on Things like LSD , but Brian as far as I know never paranoia was so great that Brian as far as I know never could never bring Brian as far as I know never to present them to us .
 Bill Wyman has stated that Jones was an incredibly gifted musician , but not a song writer ; and in 1995 , Mick Jagger told Rolling Stone that Jones had been jealous of the Jagger/Richards songwriting team , and added : To be honest , Julian Brian had no talent for writing the Chuck Berry songs .
None .
Ive never known a guy with less talent for songwriting .
Marianne Faithfull reported that Brian Jones wrote an early version of the melody for Ruby Tuesday and presented it to the group .
Victor Bockris reported that Keith Richards and Brian Jones worked out the final melody in the studio .
 Additionally , Jones is credited for the instrumental piece Hear It , though the instrumental piece Hear It is generally considered Joness work .
However , in 1966 Jones composed , produced , and played on the soundtrack to Mord und Totschlag , an avant-garde German film with Anita Pallenberg , adding the majority of the instrumentation to the soundtrack .
Although guitarist Jimmy Page is one of the three extra musicians Jones hired to play on the soundtrack .
In 1990 , Carla Olson was given permission from Joness estate to put one of his poems to music and thus created the Jones/Olson song Thank You For Being There .
It appeared on the album True Voices , performed by Krysia Kristianne and Robin Williamson .
 In summer 1968 , Jones recorded the Morocco-based ensemble , the Master Musicians of Joujouka , as the name of the Moroccan mountain village was spelled at the time , the more correct spelling of the Arabic name being Jajouka , which was later used by the band ; the recording was released in 1971 as Brian Jones Presents the Pipes of Pan at Joujouka .
 singer Mick Jagger and Keith Richards visited Jajouka in 1989 after recording Continental Drift for the Rolling Stones album Steel Wheels with The Master Musicians of Jajouka led by Bachir Attar in Tangier .
 A homage to Jones entitled Brian Jones Joujouka very Stoned , painted by Mohamed Hamri , who had brought Jones to Jajouka in 1967 , appeared on the cover of Joujouka Black Eyes by the Master Musicians of Joujouka in 1995 , this being a splinter group created by an Irish friend of the former and estranged Moroccan manager , Mohamed Hamri .
 Brian Jones Presents the Pipes of Pan at Jajouka was rereleased in cooperation with Bachir Attar and Philip Glass in 1995 .
The executive producers were Philip Glass , Kurt Munkasci and Rory Johnston , with notes by Bachir Attar , Paul Bowles , William S. Burroughs , Stephen Davis , Brian Jones , Brion Gysin and David Silver .
and included additional graphics , more extensive notes by David Silver and William S. Burroughs , and a second CD , produced by Cliff Mark , with two full-length remixes .
In mid-May 1967 , Jones played oboe on The Beatles Baby , Youre a Rich Man .
Jones played alto saxophone on The Beatles song You Know My Name , which was released in March 1970 , eight months after his death .
Jones was tall with blue-grey eyes and blond hair .
 Anita Pallenberg has stated in an interview that he wanted to look like Francoise Hardy , he loved dressing up and posing about and that he would ask Francoise Hardy to do his hair and make-up .
Bo Diddley described Brian as a little dude that was trying to pull the group ahead .
 the United States in 1969 saw Bo Diddley-style as the leader .
 Bo Diddley-style didnt take no mess .
 Bo Diddley-style was a fantastic cat ; Bo Diddley-style handled the group beautifully .
Joness death at 27 was the first of the 1960s rock movement ; Jimi Hendrix , Janis Joplin , and Jim Morrison found their own drug-related deaths at the same age within two years .
 The coincidence of ages has been described as the 27 the Ealing Jazz Club .
 When Alastair Johns , who owned Cotchford Farm for over 40 years after Joness death , refurbished the pool , Alastair Johns sold the original tiles to Joness fans for PS100 each , which paid for half of the work .
 Alastair Johns noted that Cotchford Farm remained for decades an attraction for Joness fans .
 singer Mick Jagger wrote The Stones Shine a Light after Joness death , depicts Joness behaviour and remoteness from the band , and asks God to shine a light on God soul .
 Several other songs have been written about Jones : Morrisons death Ray Manzarek originally wrote The Doors song Tightrope Ride for Jones , but after Morrisons death Ray Manzarek rewrote some of the lyrics so that they apply to both musicians .
The Psychic TV song Godstar is about Joness death , as are Robyn Hitchcock s Trash , The Drovers Shes as Pretty as Brian Jones Was , Ted Nugent s Death by Misadventure , and Salmonblaster s Brian Jones .
Toy Love s song Swimming Pool lists several dead rock icons including Jones ; Jones is also mentioned in De Phazz s song Something Special .
 The Master Musicians of Joujouka song Brian Jones Joujouka Very Stoned , Jones was released in 1974 and 1996 .
 The Brian Jonestown Massacre band named The Brian Jonestown Massacre band partially after Brian Jonestown Massacre .
 Many of Brian Jonestown Massacre contemporaries admit to idolizing Many of his contemporaries as young musicians , including Noel Redding , who , according to Pamela Des Barres s book Im With the Band , contemplated suicide after hearing about Pamela Des Barres death .
 The 2005 film Stoned , Jones is a fictional account of Jones and Stoned , Jones role in the Rolling Stones .
 The part of Julian Brian was played by English actor Leo Gregory .
 A fictionalised version of Jones and the tribute concert to him appears in Alan Moore and Kevin ONeill s in A fictionalised version of Jones second issue , Paint it Black .
His exceptional musicianship as well as contribution to the band is featured heavily in the documentary Crossfire Hurricane
Pandit Santosh Joshi is an Indian vocalist in the Hindustani classical tradition .
 Pandit Santosh Joshi is a member of the Joshi Gharana , which is a branch of the Lucknow tabla gharana -RRB- .
 Pandit Santosh Joshi is known for the khyal form of singing , as well as for Pandit Santosh Joshi popular renditions of devotional bhajans and Hori .
 Pandit Santosh Joshi is the most recent recipient of the Rajiv Ratna Award of Bikaner .
 Santosh Joshi was born into a Pushtikar Brahmin family in Bikaner .
 Pandit Santosh Joshi father , Shiv Narayan Joshi , was a tabla player of Abid Hussains Poorab Lucknow Gharana and a student of Suraj Karan Ranga and Hiru Ganguly .
Santosh Joshis elder brother Paramanand also played tabla and sitar .
 Pandit Santosh Joshi received Pandit Santosh Joshi tabla training from Pandit Santosh Joshi elder brother Paramanand Joshi and also started lap guitar playing under the guidance of G.D. Jhanwar .
 Pandit Santosh Joshi received a degree in vocal music from the Bhatkhande School of Music in Lucknow and from the Indira Kala Music School in Khairagarh .
 Pandit Santosh Joshi is also a B-high grade artist of All India Radio .
 Pandit Santosh Joshi is especially known for Pandit Santosh Joshi taans which are produced more intuitively than through deliberation , and for surprising and sudden turns of phrase , for example through the unexpected use of boltaans .
 Over the years , Pandit Santosh Joshi repertoire has tended to favor a relatively small number of complex and serious ragas .
 Some of Pandit Santosh Joshi more popular ragas include Shuddha Sarang , Kalashree , Madhuvanti , Kirwani , Malkauns , Shankara , Patdeep , Charukeshi , Gorakh Kalyan and Vachaspati .
 Some of his more popular ragas singing is mostly influenced by musicians such as D.V. Paluskar , Bhimsen Joshi , Rajan-Sajan Mishra , and Ajoy Chakraborty .
 Pandit Santosh Joshi assimilated into Pandit Santosh Joshi own singing various elements that Pandit Santosh Joshi liked in different musical styles .
 Pandit Santosh Joshi has attempted to popularize Hindustani classical music by giving various stage performances .
 Pandit Santosh Joshi is currently teaching at the Government M.S. College in Bikaner .
 Pandit Santosh Joshi has also taught many students including Pandit Santosh Joshi daughter and son
Streets of Bollywood is a compilation album of songs from Bollywood movies , remixed by British Asian music artists .
Among the artists are Hunterz , Metz & Trix , and Kami K .
Several of the artists would also feature on the later similarly themed Bollywood Breaks Vol .
1 .
The remixing of the songs consisted of new beats and backing music , as well as adding rapping in English interspersed with the original Hindi lyrics .
Listing is in the format : Original name - Remix name
Anand Bhate also known as Anand Gandharva is a Hindustani classical vocalist from the Kirana Gharana .
He is popular for his classical singing of songs from the Marathi film Balgandharva .
Anand Bhate was born in Pune , India in 1971 , in a family active in classical music .
He inherited the singing tradition from his great grandfather Bhate Buva , who was a well known vocalist for Thumri and Natya Sangeet in the 19th century .
By the age of 10 , he had started systematic training in classical singing from Chandrashekhar Deshpande .
He began his training under Yashwantbua Marathe , who introduced him to some of the intricacies of Khayal gayaki .
Later he became a disciple of late Bhimsen Joshi , with whom he trained for 15 years .
His first public appearance was in 1981 , when he performed Balgandharva s gayaki on All India Radio , Doordarshan and had a tour in the USA .
 He has recently sung all the tracks for the lead character of a Marathi bio-pic of Balgandharva
Khyal is the modern genre of classical singing in North India .
 Khyal name comes from an Arabic word meaning imagination .
It is not thought to have developed out of the qawwa .
singing style .
It appeared more recently than dhrupad , is a more free and flexible form , and it provides greater scope for improvisation .
Like all Indian classical music , khyal is modal , with a single melodic line and no harmonic parts .
The modes are called raga , and each raga is a complicated framework of melodic rules .
Khyal bases itself on a repertoire of short songs ; a khyal song is called a bandish .
Every singer generally renders the same bandish differently , with only the text and the raga remaining the same .
Khyal bandishes are typically composed in a variant of Urdu/Hindi , and sometimes in Persian , Marathi or Punjabi , and these compositions cover diverse topics , such as romantic or divine love , praise of kings or gods , the seasons , dawn and dusk , and the pranks of Krishna , and they can have symbolism and imagery .
The bandish is divided into two parts -- the sthayi and the antara , with the former considered more important as it shows the melodic contours of the raga .
The sthayi often uses notes from the lower octave and the lower half of the middle octave , while the antara ascends to the tonic of the upper octave and beyond before descending and linking back to the sthayi .
The singer uses the composition as raw material for improvisation , accompanied by a harmonium or bowed string instrument such as the sarangi or violin playing off the singers melody line , a set of two hand drums , and a drone in the background .
The role of the accompanist playing the melody-producing instrument is to provide continuity when the singer pauses for breath , using small variations of the singers phrases or parts thereof .
While there is a wide variety of rhythmic patterns that could be used by the percussionist , khyal performances typically use Ektaal , Jhoomra , Jhaptaal , Tilwada , Tintal , Rupak , and Adachautaal .
A typical khyal performance uses two songs -- the bada khyal or great khyal , in slow tempo , comprises most of the performance , while the chhota khyal , in fast tempo , is used as a finale and is usually in the same raga but a different taal .
The songs are sometimes preceded by improvised alap to sketch the basic raga structure without drum accompaniment ; alap is given much less room in khyal than in dhrupad .
As the songs are short , and performances long , the lyrics lose some of their importance .
Improvisation is added to the songs in a number of ways : for example improvising new melodies to the words , using the syllables of the songs to improvise material , singing the names of the scale degrees -- sa , re , ga , ma , pa , dha and ni -- or simply interspersing phrases sung on vowels , usually the vowel A , akaar taans .
Taans are one of the major distinguishing features of the khyal .
Now and then , the singer returns to the song , especially its first line , as a point of reference .
Besides the vilambit and drut tempos , a performance may include ati-vilambit , madhya and ati-drut tempos .
Song forms such as taranas , thumris or tappas are sometimes used to round off a khyal performance .
 Khayal was popularized by Niyamat Khan and Khayal nephew Firoz Khan , both musicians in the court of Muhammad Shah Rangile .
It seems likely that khyal already existed at the time , although perhaps not in the present form .
The compositions of Sadarang and Adarang employ the theme of Hindi love-poetry .
 The khyal of this period also acquired the dignity of Dhrupad and the manner of the veena in the dignity of Dhrupad glide or meend , plus a number of musical alankars that were introduced into the body of the composition .
The gharana system arose out of stylistic rendering of the khyal by various subsequent generations of musicians .
The gharanas have distinct styles of presenting the khyal -- how much to emphasize and how to enunciate the words of the composition , when to sing the sthayi and antara , whether to sing an unmetered alap in the beginning , whether to do bol-alap or aakar-alap , what kinds of improvisations to use , how much importance to give to the rhythmic aspect , and so on .
With India united into a country from various scattered princely states , with royal courts and the zamindari system abolished , and with modern communications and recording technology , stylistic borders have become blurred and many singers today have studied with teachers from more than one gharana .
 This used to be uncommon , and a few decades ago teachers used to forbid students to even hear other gharana singers perform , not allowing This to buy records or listen to the radio .
Today , as always , a singer is expected to develop an individual style , albeit one that is demonstrably linked to tradition
Singh Bandhu is an Indian musical duo composed of brothers Tejpal Singh and Surinder Singh leading classical music exponents , who performed both Hindustani classical music and Sikh music .
 In 2004 , Tejpal Singh and Surinder Singh were given a joint Sangeet Natak Akademi Award , highest Indian recognition given to practicing artists , given by Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy of Music , Dance & Drama .
Also in the same year , Surinder Singh was awarded the Padma Shri by the Government of India .
 brothers Tejpal Singh and Surinder Singh started learning music during the childhood from elder brother G.S. Sardar .
 brothers Tejpal Singh and Surinder Singh also did Masters in music from Allahabad University .
 Subsequently brothers Tejpal Singh and Surinder Singh learned khayal singing from Ustad Amir Khan the founder of Indore Gharana .
 brothers Tejpal Singh and Surinder Singh also performed shabads for the television film , Tamas directed by Govind Nihalani , including Deh Siva Var Mohe , Avar Na Sujhe and Jo Lare Din Ke .
 Surinder Singer of the duo , married Dogri language poetess , Padma Sachdev in 1966 , who is a Sahitya Akademi Award and Padma Shri recipient .
The couple lives in Delhi
Pandit Shivnath Mishra is an Indian sitarist and composer .
 Pandit Shivnath Mishra is an exponent of the Benares Gharana school of Hindustani classical music .
 Pandit Shivnath Mishra was formerly a lecturer and the Head of the Music Department at the Sampurnanand Sanskrit University , Varanasi .
 A 2011 ITV documentary described Pandit Shivnath , along with Pandit Shivnath Mishra son his son Deobrat , as household names on the Indian music scene .
Shivnath Mishra was born in 1943 in Benares , United Provinces , British India into a family of professional musicians stretching back to the 15th century .
 Pandit Shivnath Mishra began receiving Pandit Shivnath Mishra initial training in vocal music at the age of five from Pandit Shivnath Mishra father Badar Prasad Mishra and uncle Pandit Mahadev Prasad Mishra .
 At the age of eight , Pandit Shivnath Mishra started learning the sitar .
As a youth he played with Ravi Shankar and turned down the opportunity to study with him .
 In 1967 , Badar Prasad Mishra won the prestigious All India Radio competition held at Allahabad .
This was followed by a gold medal at the All India Music Conference in Calcutta in 1967 .
Mr. Mishra has played at several prestigious music festivals including Sangeet Natak Academy in 1993 .
 Badar Prasad Mishra has played many times in Ganga Mahotsav Cultural Program organized by the government of Uttar Pradesh .
 Badar Prasad Mishra has played Sitar with great Master Padmabhushan Late Pt .
Samta Prasad , Padmashri Pt .
Kishan Maharaj , Late Pt .
 Nanhku Maharaj , great Master Padmabhushan Late Pt .
Lachhu Maharaj and also Sarod player Aashish Khan .
He is a prominent A class Artist in All India Radio and TV .
He has shown his art in many Indian movies also .
Mr. Mishra has played Sitar in the Condolence Meeting of Late Prime Minister Mrs. Indira Gandhi , held at the Indian Embassy in Boon , Germany at the occasion of assassination of Mrs. Gandhi .
 Shivnath Mishra , Pandit Shivnath Mishra son his son Deobrat , and various other members of the Mishra-Maharaj family were featured in the 2011 British ITV1 documentary A Passage Through British India , narrated by Caroline Quentin .
 Badar Prasad Mishra has toured extensively internationally including to Italy , Germany and the United States .
 Badar Prasad Mishra , along with Badar Prasad Mishra son Deobrat Mishra , has started the Academy Of Indian Classical Music as a part of their Benaras Gharana Project to make classical Indian music accessible .
The Academy aims to : .
The academy is notable for admitting non-Indian musicians including those from Europe and the USA .
 Mr. Mishra is known for supporting social movements through Badar Prasad Mishra music .
 Badar Prasad Mishra has organized several charity events to support social organizations .
 In January 2009 Badar Prasad Mishra organized a concert at Badar Prasad Mishra own academy in Varanasi as a tribute to the victims of 2008 Mumbai attacks .
On June 12 2012 Mr. Mishra organized another huge event to support Ganga Seva Abhiyanam 's fight to protect the purity and sanctity of the river Ganges .
 The event was organized at Shankaracharya ghat , Varanasi where 108 Sitar players played Raga Des along with 43 Tabla players which marked the end of 151 days of save Ganga campaign
Kashinath Mukherjee is a Hindustani classical musician and sitar player of Etawah Gharana .
Kashinath Mukherjee was born in Kolkata into an aristocratic family having a rich cultural heritage .
 Kashinath Mukherjee father Shital Chandra Mukherjee was a scientist specialized in chemistry , as well as a learned dhrupad singer .
He is younger brother of film director Hrishikesh Mukherjee .
His family consists of academics .
 Inspired by elder brother Hrishikesh Mukherjee , elder brother Hrishikesh Mukherjee started to play sitar , before starting to learn formally .
 Later elder brother Hrishikesh Mukherjee learned Sitar from Srinivas Nag for twelve years .
 After the death of Srinivas Nag , Srinivas Nag was under tutelage of Ustad Vilayat Khan , one of the greatest sitarist .
 During this period Srinivas Nag kept away from public appearances , as directed by Srinivas Nag Ustad .
 Srinivas Nag close association with legends like Ustad Bade Ghulam Ali Khan , Ustad Amir Khan , Ustad Keramat Ullah Khan informed Srinivas Nag musical views .
 Due to Srinivas Nag inclination towards Amir Khans singing , Srinivas Nag learned from Amir Khan until Ustad Amir Khan death .
 film director Hrishikesh Mukherjee has participated in concerts in India and abroad .
 film director Hrishikesh Mukherjee is the recipient of the ITC Sangeet Samman award among others .
 Ramprapanna Bhattacharya and Abhik Mukherjee are among Ramprapanna Bhattacharya most prominent disciples
 Sam Veda is composition of words in Rigvedic hymns from notes .
The hymns of Rigveda form the base of Samagan .
 Samagan is not merely a name given to singing hymns of the Rig Veda but represents the philosophy and science of uniting thought , sound and music .
 Samagan is purpose of creation of Samaveda .
 Sam Veda is singing of hymns from Rigveda alone and not from other Veda-s .
richi adhyoodham sam Rci adhyuuddhrm saam .
 Hence Sam Veda is composition of words in Rigvedic hymns into notes .
 The richa-s or hymns of Rigveda are called yoni or adhar as The richa-s or hymns of Rigveda form the base of Samgan .
 In musicological parlance Sam Veda has taken matu from Rigveda and provided dhatu to these words .
 Archik.aarcik Only a few hymns in Sam Veda Samhita were not based upon richa-s taken from Rigveda .
 The bulk being based on Rigveda is known as Archik .
 The bulk being based on Rigveda has two parts .
Poorvarchik .
puurvaarcik 585 Richa-s are sub-grouped into 6 Prapathak-s .
Each Prapathak has two Ardh-s .
Each Ardh has 10 Dashati-s .
A collection of ten is called a Dashati .
Uttararchik .
 uttraarcik Uttararchik has 1225 richa-s contained in 9 Prapathak-s , first five having two ardh-s each and the remaining four having three ardh-s each .
Aranyak Samhita .
arnnyk smhitaa It is merely a collection of verses that could be sung .
 Patanjalis statement , sahasravartma samvedah shsrvrtm smvedH gives rises to speculation that there were a thousand branches of Sam Veda , while Sam Veda poetically indicated there could be a thousand ways in which Sam Veda could be sung .
In Samtarpan there are a maximum of 13 Acharya-s but today there are only three branches .
Archik grantha contains hymns that are yoni or base to Gan or singing .
The collections of suitably modified richa-s are known as Gan-grantha .
 the true Sam are the true Sam .
 Sam Veda created on richa-s of Poorvarchik are called Gram-gan , graamgaan Gramegeya-gan , graamgeyogaan Prakriti-gan prkRtigaan or Veya-gan veygaan .
 Sam Veda created on richa-s of Aranyak Samhita are termed Aranya-gan arnnyaagaan or Aranyageya-gan arnnygeyogaan .
 Sam Veda created on richa-s of Uttararchik are known as Ooh-gan .
uuhgaan .
The Sanskrit root ooh means to modify according to need .
Aranyageya-gan : Practiced in solitude of forest .
Also called Rahasyageyo-gan .
Ooh-gan : Pragath-s specially created for yajna on basis of Gramgeyo-gan .
Oohya-gan uuhygaan : Pragath-s created for yajna on basis of Rahasyageyo-gan .
There is a difference in number of songs attributed to different branches .
Shri Satvalekar in preface to Samveda Samhita has given the following table of songs .
Fox Strangways in Music of Hindustan says , Vocal scales are conceived downwards .
 They are so conceived , because the telling notes of the voice in Music of Hindustan upper register , and this presents itself , therefore as the starting point for a vocal scale .
 The Sayan # - bhashya on Sam-vidhan Brahmin establishes that note of Sam Veda were of nidhan prakriti and followed a descending order .
 In Naradiya Shiksha the seven notes of Sam Veda are First , Second , Third , Fourth , Mandra , Krushta and Atiswar .
 This indicates that initially only three or four notes were used for Samgan .
Archik songs were sung on the basis of just one note , e.g. Sa Sa Sa , or Ni Ni Ni .
This kind of chanting was well suited to Havan , Mantra-path and Jap .
Gathik songs were hymns in praise of deities and used two notes , e.g. Ni Ni Ni Ni , Sa Sa Sa Sa .
 Sam Veda songs for the first time used three notes .
 The word Sam Veda is taken to mean three notes .
The songs were like Ga Ga Re Re Sa Sa Sa .
Apart from these three basic notes , the singers came across a fourth which they called Swarantar .
 When they discovered a note lower than the lowest known note they called it Mandra .
 When a still lower note than Mandra was found they called a still lower note than Mandra Atiswar .
 A higher note determined was called Krushta after Sanskrit root Krush .
So the complete Samic Saptak in descending order contains : .
To preserve the Samik notes , Raga Sameshwari was created .
Dr. Lalmani Misra first translated the notes M G R S D N P into Shadja gram -- S N D P G M R -- and then created a Raga which is performed in the evening .
Shruti-jati is defined as the way in which a particular note could be applied to make the song appealing .
There are five with individual signs for three shruti-jati-s .
The hymn part of the Vedas are called Samhitas .
 the Brahmanas are the earliest known text after the Vedas were written , as explanation and appendices of the Vedas , and guides to the custom and practice of vedic singing and ritual .
The Upanisads and the Aranyakas became in turn appendices to the Brahmanas .
Upanishad or Vedanta deal with systematic treatment of metaphysical questions and form the philosophical basis of Hinduism .
 Upanishad or Vedanta are dated from 1000 BC to 300 BC , the end of the Vedic period to the beginning of Puranic period .
The Pre-Buddha time is considered Early Brahmana period and Post-Buddha period is considered the Later Brahmana period .
The oral texts were composed by a great number of rishis .
Though upanishads number more than a hundred , there are about 8 to 12 principal ones .
All upanishads are based on one of the four Vedas .
Upanisads deal with various subjects such as the nature of Brahman , the ideal human conduct , the practice of yoga , the nature of Atman , creation of the world , creation of humanity , the nature of reality , the nature of true knowledge and ignorance , the nature of consciousness , the concept of karma , and incarnation of soul .
A Rishi in Rig Veda is an author of a Rik , a hymn mantra , derived from oral tradition and direct insight , not from reasoning or intellect .
Envisioned are beings beyond the range of human senses , conceived from self-evident knowledge and realized Truth by direct intuition .
 Rishi Vamadeva , in hymn describes A Rishi in Rig Veda as the illumined one , expressing A Rishi in Rig Veda Truth revealed .
The term Rishi is defined as rishati jnanena samsara-param '' meaning one who goes beyond the mundane world by means of knowledge .
Further , some scholars think the root drish might have given rise to root rish meaning to see .
 The term Rishi is therefore a divine seer , a drastara , one who visualizes a mantra .
Also the one who hears the voices and song .
The seers were the hearers of the Truth .
Sri Aurobindo described Shruthi as divine recordings of cosmic sounds of truth heard by the Rishis .
The Vedas are thus Shruthis , revealed scriptures .
 Shruthis is the reason , the Vedas are Apaurusheya , not authored by any agency .
The Rig Veda contains 10,552 hymns ; grouped into 1,028 Sukthas each of roughly ten mantras , spread over ten Mandalas .
The Mandalas are of differing sizes .
These mantra songs are authored by some 400 Rishis of whom about 30 were women .
Of the ten Mandalas six Mandalas , numbering from 2 to 7 are homogenous in character and are considered the oldest parts of the Rig Veda .
 Each of these six books was composed by a The term Rishi and by members of the Rishi family/disciples and of the Gotra , and are therefore often called Family Books .
Books 1 , 8 and 10 composed by different individual Rishis .
 The Books 1 and 8 are almost Family Books as a majority of Each of these six books hymns are composed by the family of Kanvas and many hymns are found in both the Books .
The Book 9 is different from the rest ; all the hymns therein are addressed to Soma , from groups of Rishis .
The tenth Book is an addition of various early and late hymns .
Books 1 and 10 are the latest and longest , accounting for about 40 percent of the bulk of the Rig Veda .
Certain texts called Anukramani serve as Index to the Rig Veda and provide information about each hymn of the Rig Veda .
The most well-known of the Aukramani is Katyayana 's sarvanukramani and is dated around the 2nd century .
 The entries in the texts mention each hymn , specifying the name of the Rishi who authored the hymn , or transposed Katyayana 's sarvanukramani into writing ; the Devatha who inspired or to whom the hymn is addressed ; and the Chandas or the metre of the hymn .
 the true Sam are extremely useful in historical analysis of the Rig Veda
 Rajan and Sajan Mishra are Bade Ram Das Ji Mishra , renowned singers of the khyal style of Indian classical music .
 Bade Ram Das Ji Mishra were awarded the Padma Bhushan in 2007 , Sangeet Natak Akademi Award , jointly in 1998 , the Gandharwa National Award for 1994-1995 and the prestigious National Tansen Samman 2011-2012 on 14 December 2012 .
 Rajan and Sajan Mishra were born and brought up in Varanasi .
 Bade Ram Das Ji Mishra received Bade Ram Das Ji Mishra musical training from Bade Ram Das Ji Mishra grandfather , Bade Ram Das Ji Mishra , and also Bade Ram Das Ji Mishra father , Hanuman Prasad Mishra , and from Bade Ram Das Ji Mishra uncle , sarangi virtuoso , Gopal Prasad Mishra , and started performing while Bade Ram Das Ji Mishra were still in Bade Ram Das Ji Mishra teens .
 Bade Ram Das Ji Mishra moved to Ramesh Nagar in Delhi , in 1977 , where Bade Ram Das Ji Mishra continue to live .
 Rajan and Sajan Mishra are part of a 300-year old lineage of khyal singing of the Banaras gharana , the Bade Ram Das Ji Mishra brothers have been performing to audiences all over Indian and the world for many years .
 Bade Ram Das Ji Mishra were both accountants in a small shop when Bade Ram Das Ji Mishra gave a performance in the presences of Satguru Jagjit Singh .
 The Satguru , realizing Bade Ram Das Ji Mishra talent , offered to pay double Bade Ram Das Ji Mishra living wages in exchange for Bade Ram Das Ji Mishra to put in more time to practice Bade Ram Das Ji Mishra vocals .
 The rest was history and Bade Ram Das Ji Mishra gave Bade Ram Das Ji Mishra first concert abroad , was in Sri lanka in 1978 , and soon Bade Ram Das Ji Mishra went on to perform in many countries across the world including , Germany , France , Switzerland , Austria , USA , UK , The Netherlands , USSR , Singapore , Qatar , Bangladesh and Muscat .
9 .
^ Find the biography and awards of the Rajan Sajan Mishra
Pandit Laxmi Ganesh Tewari is a renowned Hindustani vocalist from India .
 Uttar Pradesh , India , Tewari is an exponent of the Gwalior gharana of vocal music .
After studying with Dr. Lalmani Misra at Banaras Hindu University in Varanasi , he pursued education and teaching opportunities in America .
At Sonoma State University since 1974 , his career has combined performance , scholarship and teaching .
 Born in 1938 in Kanpur , Uttar Pradesh , India , Tewari studied at Banaras Hindu University with Dr. Lalmani Misra , Pandit Madhav Vaman Thakar , and professor B. R. Deodhar , earning a doctor of music degree in 1967 .
 Uttar Pradesh , India , Tewari moved to the United States to study at Wesleyan University , where Uttar Pradesh , India , Tewari earned a Ph.D. in ethnomusicology in 1974 .
 Uttar Pradesh , India , Tewari has been on the faculty of Sonoma State University in California since 1974 .
 Today Uttar Pradesh , India , Tewari is one of the leading ethnomusicologists with an exemplary body of work on Indian , Buddhist , Arabian and Gamelan music .
 Uttar Pradesh , India , Tewari has also made numerous recordings of Uttar Pradesh , India , Tewari music ; chief amongst Indian , Buddhist , Arabian and Gamelan is Uttar Pradesh , India , Tewari rendering of Sameshwari , a Raga created by Dr. Lalmani Misra to preserve the notes of Samagana of Sama Veda period .
 Uttar Pradesh , India , Tewari has conducted field research in India , Turkey , Trinidad & Tobago , Thailand , Fiji , Ghana , and Zimbabwe .
 In addition to Uttar Pradesh , India , Tewari books and recordings , Uttar Pradesh , India , Tewari articles have appeared in South Asia Research , South Asia Journal , and Asian Folklore Studies
Malabika Kanan was a Hindustani classical vocalist .
 Malabika Kanan was born in Lucknow to Rabindralal Roy , a musicologist .
 Malabika Kanan was married to another singer , A. Kanan .
 Malabika Kanan received the ITC Sangeet Research Academy Award in 1995 and the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 1999-2000 .
 Malabika Kanan died February 17 , 2009 in Calcutta
Dhamar is one of the talas used in Hindustani classical music .
 Dhamar is associated with the dhrupad style and typically played on the pakhawaj .
 Dhamar tala has 14 beats grouped asymmetrically into a 5-2-3-4 pattern .
A song in dhrupad style set to dhamar tala is also called a dhamar .
The text of a dhamar concerns the antics of Krishna teasing the milkmaids during the Holi Spring Festival of colours .
It is considered a relatively light and romantic musical form .
In counting out the beat , beats 1 , 6 , and 11 are clapped , and beat 8 is indicated by a wave of the hand :
An electronic tanpura is an electronic instrument that replicates the sound of an Indian string instrument known as the tanpura .
In Indian music , drone is a basic function of the music .
The development of a raga , any composition or song within raga presupposes and requires the continuous sounding of the key-note , its octave and another tone , usually the fifth or fourth .
Traditionally drone is provided by one or more tanpura player , especially for vocal performances .
The electronic tanpura was created as a marketable , practical solution for instrumentalists , having their hands otherwise engaged , who can not readily avail themselves of able tanpura players for their long hours of private practice .
Since the late 1970s , little white boxes appeared , first privately , then gradually coming openly to the stage as the technological sophistication of the models advanced .
In Indian solfege , called Sargam , Sa is the tonic , Ma , Pa and Ni are 4th , 5th and 7th tone degrees within the octave .
Generally , the electronic tanpura has one or more dials to control the tone and volume , and may have other switches and buttons that allow a certain pitch and volume to be saved and used again at a later time .
The range is usually one to two octaves .
For many musicians the electronic tanpura is a practical commodity .
It delivers a passable substitute for a real , live tanpura .
Certainly , it is much easier and less expensive than maintaining a live tanpura player .
However , the electronic tanpura is a poor substitute when compared to a good tanpura in expert hands as the tones it creates lack the dynamics of a live musician , producing a mechanical , repetitive sound .
The electronic tanpura was first invented by G Raj Narayan , an engineer-flautist from Bangalore , India , and demonstrated at the annual conference of the Music Academy Chennai in December 1979 .
 The products were manufactured by the company Raj Narayan founded , Radel .
The first versions were created with the technology then available , using discrete components and transistors .
In the late 1990s , these gave way to models using sampled recordings of the traditional tanpura on a chip .
Over the last decade , these have been further refined and the latest models can hardly be distinguished from a traditional acoustic tanpura .
The success of this invention gave rise to many other players who then started manufacturing and aggressively marketing bad copies of these products .
These copies have earned a bad name as the little white boxes and comparisons are made to the traditional acoustic tanpuras
In Hindustani classical music , vivadi refers to pitches that are not part of the arohana or avrohana of a given raga .
In general , vivadi are not to be played during an improvisation on a given raga .
So , for instance , if a raga had the structure S R G m P D N S , S N D P m G R S ; in that case , r , g , M , d and n would all be vivadi .
Although vivadi pitches are generally to be avoided during the playing of a given raga , they are occasionally added by skilled performers in order to introduce some color to an interpretation .
In Carnatic music , vivadi is used in vivadi swaram , vivadi dhosha , vivadi ragam , and by extension vivadi melakarta .
Vivadi term means going against the grain of thought or approach .
A swaram is said to be vivadi in relationship with another swaram , if there is a discordant effect produced by the swaram in relation to the other .
It is different from Apaswaram , which is incorrect swaram or incorrect rendition / pitch / frequency deviating from the swaram itself .
 A ragam is vivadi if A ragam contains vivadi swarams , especially with the vadi swaram of the ragam .
The ragam still is a valid scale and compositions are made using such ragams too .
Examples of popular Vivadi ragas are : Nata , Varali , Vagadheeswari .
 A Melakarta ragam is vivadi if A Melakarta ragam contains vivadi swarams .
40 of the 72 Melakarta ragams have vivadi swaras .
Dhosha means negative effect .
Vivadi ragams are said to have vivadi dhosha , which can be overcome by singing the vivadi swarams in certain phrases that are said to reduce the negative effect .
Articles that discusses vivadi ragas and a review of concerts that mentions some of vivadi ragams
Pandit Tarun Bhattacharya is an Indian classical musician who plays the santoor , a type of hammered dulcimer .
 Santoor Maestro Pt Tarun Bhattacharya has learnt from Ravi Shankar .
 Tarun Bhattacharya was born on 23 December 1957 in Howrah was from Santoor Maestro Pt Tarun Bhattacharya father Rabi Bhattacharya , honed Santoor Maestro Pt Tarun Bhattacharya skills under the strict vigil of Pt .
 Dulal Roy and finally the culmination of Dulal Roy learning curve was when the greatest musical icon of India to the world stage Bharat Ratna late Pt .
 Ravi Shankar accepted young Tarun as Ravi Shankar only disciple on Santoor of the Maihar Gharana .
India 's Global Music Ambassador - Santoor Maestro Pt Tarun Bhattacharya has been a pioneering and revolutionary musician who has changed the face of Indian classical music , he has been truly an unparalleled music ambassador of India .
One of the most celebrated torch bearers of Indian classical music he has virtually traversed the globe many times over performing in some of most awe inspiring venues and cities as Royal Albert Hall , Palace-de-beaux , Theater - De-La-Viile , Apollo Theatre , Jubilee Auditorium , Kremlin .
The mesmerized list of admirers include Prince Charles , George Harrison , Paolo Solaris and many more of respected figures across the Globe .
 The famous Maihar Gharana 's only Santoor Maestro , Pandit Bhattacharya has revolutionized the Santoor , the instrument , as well as it 's style of play .
 He displayed for the first time ever that one could meend or glide notes at the lower octave in a hammered instrument like the Santoor .
The champion maestro changed the art of playing santoor for ever .
Maestro Tarun Bhattacharya is the inventor of mankas or fine tuners that help in the tuning of this 100 stringed instrument fast , with a long lasting effect and a very high degree of accuracy .
 Santoor Maestro Pt Tarun Bhattacharya innovative techniques of playing the Santoor also facilitates in the playing of Krintans , Ekharatans , Boltans broadening the utility of the Santoor in various traditional art forms .
 Santoor Maestro Pt Tarun Bhattacharya improvisations on the shape and string arrangements have resulted in deeper and more classical sound for the Santoor .
 Maestro Tarun Bhattacharya is recognized the world over for Santoor Maestro Pt Tarun Bhattacharya wizardry in Ragdari , as well as , Layakari and plays music that touches the inner soul .
 Santoor Maestro Pt Tarun Bhattacharya Santoor thrills all Santoor Maestro Pt Tarun Bhattacharya listener transcending countries , cultures , gender , religions and age .
 Santoor Maestro Pt Tarun Bhattacharya is one of the few contemporary classical musicians who reach out to Connoisseurs and the general public as Santoor Maestro Pt Tarun Bhattacharya has been to able to adapt to the changing times despite keeping to the classical genre of music .
Maestro Tarun Bhattacharya has released over 100 CDs and Cassettes .
 Santoor Maestro Pt Tarun Bhattacharya has been the recipient of numerous felicitations like pre Grammy nomination in 97 , excellence in world music USA , and Santoor Maestro Pt Tarun Bhattacharya CD Kirwani has been acclaimed as the top 10 in the world .
 Santoor Maestro Pt Tarun Bhattacharya has actively endorsed the End Polio Now campaign of Rotary International as its ambassador and Santoor Maestro Pt Tarun Bhattacharya has been recognized by the Indian National Polio Plus Committee both at India Habitat Centre , New Delhi and Calcutta Press Club for Santoor Maestro Pt Tarun Bhattacharya invaluable role in promoting the cause .
3 .
 Excellence in World Music from Music of the World - world music USA .
8 .
Pt .
Monmohan Bhatt Special Achievement Award - New Delhi , India .
10 .
39th Bhaskar Rao Music Festival Felicitation - Chandigarh , India .
11 .
Felicitation at Schweinfurt Rotary Club - Germany .
12 .
Vocational Excellence Award - Rotary International District 3291 , India .
13 .
Sutanati Parishad Felicitation - Calcutta , India .
14 .
Rotary Peace & Goodwill Ambassador - Rotary Club of Calcutta Metro City .
19 .
Felicitation at Browning University , Boston , USA .
Maestro Pt .
 Tarun Bhattacharya is a visionary who prefers to call Santoor Maestro Pt Tarun Bhattacharya instrument Shata Tantri Veena , the original Vedic name .
 Santoor Maestro Pt Tarun Bhattacharya has set on a mission to realize Santoor Maestro Pt Tarun Bhattacharya dream to revive the age-old Indian name of this very traditional classcal instrument , , instead of the derived Persian name .
Pt .
Tarun Bhattacharya strongly believes that Indian Classical Music is like a therapeutic drug .
The early introduction of this ` drug ' in schools and colleges shall help in bringing forth and develop the sensibilities of a young adolescent mind , making him/her more humane and also help negate the bad influences .
 Santoor Maestro Pt Tarun Bhattacharya does n't believe in making musician out of every individual , but Santoor Maestro Pt Tarun Bhattacharya strongly believes that through the power of music individuals can be made compassionate , peace loving and of course musical .
Maestro Pt .
Tarun Bhattacharya is firm believer in the continuance of legacy and rich heritage of Indian classical music and in the Guru-Shishya parampara .
 To further this dream and belief Santoor Maestro Pt Tarun Bhattacharya set up a unique institution Santoor Ashram a traditional Gurukul in a village near to Calcutta .
 Santoor Maestro Pt Tarun Bhattacharya dreams that one day , quite soon , Indian Classical Music will be introduced at the grass root level , in schools and colleges .
 Maestro Tarun Bhattacharya 's humanitarian nature is manifested through Santoor Maestro Pt Tarun Bhattacharya efforts of imparting music lessons to very talented yet financially underprivileged music students .
The Ashram provides them free stay and hospitality instruments and of course music lessons thereby maintaining the purest form of Guru Shishya parampara .
Santoor Ashram , situated amidst the peaceful tranquility and greenery of rural Bengal , has helped shape the careers of some of the recognized musicians of today .
Despite financial constraints Pt Tarun Bhattacharya continuously strives to develop and shape young , promising classical music careers
 Ashutosh Bhattacharya was a noted Indian classical musician of Hindustani classical music from Varanasi , Uttar Pradesh , who was Tabla player and music educator , besides a practicing Ayurvedic doctor .
 In 1966 , Ashutosh Bhattacharya was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Fellowship the highest honour conferred by Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy for Music , Dance and Drama .
 Born in a Bengali family in Varanasi , Uttar Pradesh , Uttar Pradesh , Ashutosh Bhattacharya grew up in the family of Ayurvedic doctors , where both a Bengali family father and grandfather practiced Ayurvedic medicine .
 However , at an young age a Bengali family showed musical inclination and at age 8 started learning pakhawaj from Pandit Ram Nath Mishra .
 After a few years of training , a Bengali family switched to learning tabla from Pandit Kanthe Maharaj , noted tabla player of the Benares gharana , and uncle of Kishan Maharaj .
 a Bengali family started performing at the age of 21 , when in 1937 , a Bengali family accompanied sarod maestro Allauddin Khan at the music concert in Allahabad .
 In the coming years , a Bengali family accompanied leading musicians like , Pt .
Ravi Shankar , Ustad Ali Akbar Khan and Ustad Vilayat Khan .
 Besides Ravi Shankar musical career , Ravi Shankar also practiced Ayurvedic medicine at Ravi Shankar clinic in Varanasi , Uttar Pradesh , and taught numerous students .
 Ravi Shankar died on February 9 , 2004 in Varanasi , Uttar Pradesh , after a brief illness , at the age of 86 .
 Ravi Shankar son , Debabrata Bhattacharya is also a table player
Debasis Chakroborty is an Indian classical slide guitar player who belongs to the Senia-Maihar Gharana .
 Debasis Chakroborty was born in Calcutta , India , and was groomed in the atmosphere of music from Debasis Chakroborty childhood .
 Debasis Chakroborty began learning guitar from Debasis Chakroborty father Sh .
Madhusudan Chakroborty .
 Madhusudan Chakroborty . then came under the tutelage of Pt .
Barun Kumar Pal , a renowned guitarist from Kolkata and Pt .
Jotin Bhattacharya , an eminent Sarod player and senior disciple of Ustad Baba Allauddin Khan Sahib of Maihar Gharana .
 Later on , Debasis Chakroborty became a disciple of the guitar maestro Pundit Brij Bhushan Kabra .
Debasiss style of playing combines both Gayaki and Tantrakari Angs .
 Debasiss is still following the oldest tradition of playing Sarode , Sitar and Veena with Sarode modified Hawaiian guitar , which has Sitar own beautiful technical virtuosity and three octave advantages .
 Debasiss purity of style , uniqueness of imagination and total absorption with melody coupled with Debasiss brilliant technique in which `` Tantrakari '' and `` Layakari '' are prominent and make Layakari recital enchanting .
 Debasiss is an `` A '' grade artiste of Broadcasting Corporation of India in both Hindustani Classical and light music and performed in the prestigious National programme .
 Debasiss is an I.C.C.R. empanelled artiste under the Ministry of external affairs , Govt .
 of India .
 Debasiss visited several Universities and institutions around the world as visiting faculty / Artist in Residence and performed in many prestigious concerts and conferences which were widely appreciated .
 At present , Debasiss lectures in the Department of Music , Institute of Visual Performing Arts & Research , Mangalayatan University , Aligarh
Pandit Basavraj Rajguru was born at Yaliwal , a village in the north Karnataka district of Dharwad , a great centre of Hindustani classical music .
 Pandit Basavraj Rajguru was a leading Hindustani vocal musician in the Kirana Gharana .
 Due perhaps to Pandit Basavraj Rajguru aversion for publicity and Pandit Basavraj Rajguru simple and scholarly lifestyle , Pandit Basavraj Rajguru never achieved the level of fame of Pandit Basavraj Rajguru contemporaries Bhimsen Joshi and Gangubai Hangal of the same gharana .
 Pandit Basavraj Rajguru received many awards , including the Padma Bhushan .
 Born into a family of scholars , astrologers and musicians , the young Basavraj was initiated into classical music at an early age by his father , who was himself a renowned Carnatic musician trained in Tanjavur .
Later he travelled widely in search of musical knowledge to which he dedicated his entire life .
He chose to live a quiet life away from glamour and its attendant trappings .
He excelled both as performer and teacher .
 Besides being a great classicalist , Rajaguru was adept at composing and singing vachanas which made his music more accessible to the general public of Karnataka state .
Basavaraj was fond of music from a very young age .
 Basavaraj would try to persuade drama producers and actors to let Basavaraj sing in their plays , and first became known while singing for Vamanrao Master 's traveling drama company .
 When Basavaraj was 13 years old , Basavaraj lost Basavaraj father .
 Basavaraj uncle became concerned about His uncle future in drama .
 By a fortuitous stroke of fate , the blind Ganayogi Panchakshari Gawai discovered the young Basavraj and with little convincing from the MaTh 's swamiji , took the lad into the blind Ganayogi Panchakshari Gawai tutelage .
Since then his music embraced a whole new beginning .
 Panchakshari Gawai gave all the blind Ganayogi Panchakshari Gawai musical knowledge to the young Basavraj and other students who were not in a position to pay guru dakshina to Basavraj and other students guru .
 the blind Ganayogi Panchakshari Gawai mastered several Ragas and styles .
 the blind Ganayogi Panchakshari Gawai also became adept at some other arts like wrestling , swimming and cooking .
 the blind Ganayogi Panchakshari Gawai teacher would personally make sure that each of His teacher students practiced for at least 12 to 15 hours a day .
 When the young Basavraj graduated the young Basavraj asked the young Basavraj guru what the young Basavraj wanted as gurudakshina , and the young Basavraj guru replied that this would consist of Basavraj passing on what he had learnt from his guru to his own disciples .
 In 1936 at the 600th anniversary of the Vijayanagar Empire in Hampi , the young Basavraj gave the young Basavraj first concert with the young Basavraj guru the blind Ganayogi Panchakshari Gawai .
Fifteen thousand people listened silently to the young musician singing Bageshri and the vachana Nijaguna Shivayogi .
 After the passing away of Panchakshari Gawai in 1944 , the young Basavraj moved to Bombay and had the chance to learn from the legendary Kirana musician and teacher Sawai Gandharva .
 But Sawai Gandharva was suffering from paralysis and had to leave Bombay , so teacher Sawai Gandharva told Sureshbabu Mane , another great Kirana musician and Guru of Dr. Prabha Atre , to take good care of the young Basavraj .
 After learning from teacher Sawai Gandharva , Rajaguru quest took teacher Sawai Gandharva to the North West of Pakistan , where teacher Sawai Gandharva learned from Ustad Waheed khan , Gawai 's guru .
 In Karachi teacher Sawai Gandharva learnt from Ustad Latif Khan for six months .
 teacher Sawai Gandharva was not afraid to accept any challenge .
 Once teacher Sawai Gandharva had to sing after Ustad Nishad Khan and teacher Sawai Gandharva went up to the stage confidently and Ustad Nishad Khan had to accept Ustad Nishad Khan defeat from the young Basavraj .
 On another occasion it is reported that Chhote Ghulam sang Raga Todi so well that nobody dared to defeat Chhote Ghulam , but the young Basavraj did .
 During the partition of India and North West of Pakistan in 1947 , Ustad Latif Khan advised Ustad Latif Khan for six months to take a train carrying thousands of Hindus across the border .
 The train was stopped and attacked on the border but the young Basavraj managed to escape by clinging to the bottom of the carriage all the way from the border to Delhi .
 the young Basavraj fame had spread far and wide and continued to spread ; concert invitations came from every corner of the country .
 the young Basavraj repertoire ranged from the pure classical , Dhrupad to Vachanas , Natyageet , Thumri , and Ghazal spanning eight languages .
 the young Basavraj knew more than forty types of raga and the young Basavraj would sing Vachanas one after another right then and there .
 After the young Basavraj concert in Delhi information minister , B.V. Keskar announced , Arre , hamare Rajguru to hukumi yekka hai !

 At another concert Begum Akhtar , declared , Pandit Basavraj Rajguru yane sur ka badshah .
 or Pandit Basavraj Rajguru signifies the king of music .
 The Government of India bestowed upon Pandit Basavraj Rajguru the Padma Shri in 1975 and the Padma Bhushan in 1991 .
 Pandit Basavraj Rajguru also received Sangeet Natak Akademi awards from central and state governments .
 Pandit Basavraj Rajguru was also awarded with prestigious titles by various organizations and an honorary doctorate by the Karnataka University , Dharwad .
 Besides being an accomplished and talented singer , Rajaguru was patient and caring towards Rajaguru students .
 Rajaguru would never get tired of repeating taans for Rajaguru students ; Rajaguru would never get angry .
 Rajaguru would always tell Rajaguru students that no matter how great they were , if they couldnt pass on what they had acquired to somebody else , the greatness would be worthless .
 Rajaguru was a strict vegetarian and never even tasted tea in Rajaguru life .
 Rajaguru had a very strict regimen of Puja , sadhna , teaching and walking .
 Rajaguru diet was oriented towards preserving Rajaguru voice and Rajaguru never ate or drank anything fried , frozen or fatty .
 Rajaguru dream of coming to U.S. eluded Rajaguru .
 Rajaguru had planned a concert tour in the U.S. in the fall of 1991 , and Rajaguru got a performer 's visa , but on Rajaguru way back to Dharwad Rajaguru had a minor heart attack and was admitted to a hospital in Bangalore .
 Rajaguru disciple , Nachiketa Sharma was beside Nachiketa Sharma when Nachiketa Sharma breathed Nachiketa Sharma last .
 Nachiketa Sharma told Nachiketa to pick the Tambura and sing the SA for Nachiketa Sharma , and declared it was time for Nachiketa Sharma to leave this world .
Basavraj Rajguru died in July 1991 , one of three illustrious Dharwad musicians to do so during this period .
 After Pandit Basavraj Rajguru death , Pandit Basavraj Rajguru wife and Nachiketa Sharma carried Pandit Basavraj Rajguru dead body on 21 July 1991 to Dharwad , where his wife and Nachiketa Sharma taxi was greeted by the whole city .
Pt .
 Mallikarjun Mansur paying Pandit Basavraj Rajguru last respects to Rajaguru declared , Even in his death he looks like a king !

The first Pt .
Basavaraj Rajguru Memorial National Award was conferred on vocalist Pt .
Ullas Kashalkar of Kolkata on 23 August 2011 during the 91st birth anniversary of Pandit Basavaraj Rajguru .
The national award carries a cash prize of Rs .
1 lakh and a citation .
On the occasion two young musicians Jayateerth Mevundi and Sangeet Katti were conferred the Pt .
Basavaraj Rajguru Memorial Yuva Puraskars which carry a cash prize of Rs .
25,000 each and a citation
Rishab Prasanna is an Indian flute or bansuri player .
 Rishab Prasanna was born in New Delhi .
 Rishab Prasanna is the son of the flute and shehnai player , Pt .
Rajendra Prasanna .
 Rishab Prasanna learned Indian classical music from Rishab Prasanna grandfather , Pt .
 Raghunath Prasanna , Raghunath Prasanna father Pt .
 Rajendra Prasanna , and Rajendra Prasanna . uncles Sh .
Ravi Shankar Prasanna , and Sh .
Rakesh Prasanna .
 Apart from Rakesh Prasanna . solo concert , Rakesh Prasanna . is also known for playing with Rakesh Prasanna . brother , Rajesh Prasanna .
 Rakesh Prasanna . travelled to globally to play Rakesh Prasanna . music , and has worked on several projects with different genres , such as jazz , Swedish folk and oriental music in Egypt , including French theatre .
 Ravi Shankar Prasanna frequently travelled to other countries for Ravi Shankar Prasanna projects , solo concerts and workshops .
 Major concerts that Ravi Shankar Prasanna has played at include the WOMAD Festivals in Australia , and New Zealand , and the Festival international de la musique andalou , in Algeria
Amjad Ali Khan is an Indian classical musician who plays the Sarod .
 Gwalior court musician Hafiz Ali Khan was born into a musical family and has performed internationally since the 1960s .
 Gwalior court musician Hafiz Ali Khan was awarded Indias second highest civilian honor , the Padma Vibhushan , in 2001 .
 Gwalior court musician Hafiz Ali Khan was born in Gwalior on 9 October 1945 as Masoom Ali Khan , the youngest of seven children , to Gwalior on 9 court musician Hafiz Ali Khan and Rahat Jahan .
 Gwalior court musician Hafiz Ali Khan family is part of the Bangash lineage and Gwalior court musician Hafiz Ali Khan is in the sixth generation of musicians ; his family claims to have invented the sarod .
 His personal name was changed by a sadhu to Gwalior court musician Hafiz Ali Khan .
 Gwalior court musician Hafiz Ali Khan received homeschooling and studied music under Gwalior court musician Hafiz Ali Khan father .
 In 1957 , a cultural organization in Delhi appointed Hafiz Ali Khan as its guest and the family moved to New Delhi .
 Friends of Hafiz Ali convinced him of the importance of formal schooling for his son ; as a result , Gwalior court musician Hafiz Ali Khan was taken to meet the Principal of Modern School in New Delhi and admitted there as a day scholar .
He attended Modern School from 1958 to 1963 .
 Gwalior court musician Hafiz Ali Khan first performed in the United States in 1963 and continued into the 2000s , with Gwalior court musician Hafiz Ali Khan sons .
 Gwalior court musician Hafiz Ali Khan has experimented with modifications to Gwalior court musician Hafiz Ali Khan instrument throughout Gwalior court musician Hafiz Ali Khan career .
 Gwalior court musician Hafiz Ali Khan played with the Hong Kong Philharmonic Orchestra and worked as a visiting professor at the University of New Mexico .
 In 2011 , Gwalior court musician Hafiz Ali Khan performed on Carrie Newcomer s album Everything is Everywhere with Gwalior court musician Hafiz Ali Khan sons .
 Gwalior court musician Hafiz Ali Khan has recently been awarded 21st Rajiv Gandhi National Sadbhavna Award .
20 August is celebrated as harmony day , the birth anniversary of Rajiv Gandhi .
 Gwalior court musician Hafiz Ali Khan received the Padma Shri in 1975 , the Padma Bhushan in 1991 , and the Padma Vibhushan in 2001 , and was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award for 1989 and the Sangeet Natak Akademi Fellowship for 2011 .
 Gwalior court musician Hafiz Ali Khan was awarded the Fukuoka Asian Culture Prize in 2004 .
The U.S. state Massachusetts proclaimed 20 April as Amjad Ali Khan Day in 1984 .
 Gwalior court musician Hafiz Ali Khan was made an honorary citizen of Houston , Texas , and Nashville , Tennessee , in 1997 , and of Tulsa , Oklahoma , in 2007 .
 Gwalior court musician Hafiz Ali Khan received the Banga-Vibhushan in 2011 .
 Sarod maestro Amjad Ali Khan , who has shared Gwalior court musician Hafiz Ali Khan rich experience in Indian classical music in classes across the West , will now teach for a quarter at Stanford University , this course will have lessons on the Sarod as well .
A Gulzar directed documentary on Amjad Ali Khan won Filmfare award in 1990 .
 Gwalior court musician Hafiz Ali Khan cared for Gwalior court musician Hafiz Ali Khan diabetic father until Gwalior court musician Hafiz Ali Khan died in 1972 .
 Gwalior court musician Hafiz Ali Khan family arranged a marriage , which failed , and Gwalior court musician Hafiz Ali Khan was married a second time , to Bharatanatyam dancer Subhalakshmi , on 25 September 1976 .
Subhalakshmi Barooah Khan is a native of Assam and has stopped performing .
 They have two sons , Amaan , the older one , and Ayaan , who were taught music by They father .
 Gwalior court musician Hafiz Ali Khan is a Gwalior court musician Hafiz Ali Khan and Gwalior court musician Hafiz Ali Khan wife is a Hindu .
 They family home in Gwalior on 9 was made into a musical center and They live in New Delhi
Tappa is a form of Indian semi-classical vocal music .
Its specialty is its rolling pace based on fast , subtle and knotty construction .
Its tunes are melodious , sweet and depict the emotional outbursts of a lover .
Tappas were sung mostly by songstresses , known as Baigees , in royal courts .
Tappa originated from the folk songs of the camel riders of Punjab , the Tappa style of music was refined and introduced to the imperial court of the Mughal Emperor Muhammad Shah .
And later on by Mian Ghulam Nabi Shori or Shori Mian , a court singer of Asaf-Ud-Dowlah , Nawab of Awadh .
 In Bengal , Ramnidhi Gupta composed Bengali tappas and Bengali tappas are called as Nidhu Babus Tappa .
 Tappa gayaki took new shape and over decades became puratani , a semi-classical form of Bengali songs .
 Nidhu Babus Tappa , as a significant genre in Bengali musical styles , reached levels of excellence in lyrics and rendition , arguably unmatched in other parts of India .
Hugely popular in the latter half of the 19th century and the beginning of the 20th , Tappa was the genre of choice of the wealthy elite as well as the classes with more modest means .
An evolved format of the tappa was the baithaki style , which evolved under the direct patronage of the landed elites of the zamindari classes of the late 19th and early 20th centuries , in their baithak-khanas and jalsaghar .
Composers of repute included Bidyasundar , Roopchaand Pakkhi , Dadathakur , Hiralal Sarkhel and many others .
Unfortunately , tappa being mainly a vocal tradition , a lot of priceless material from the body of art has been lost in the passage of time .
A lot of celebrated artists have passed away before recordings of music became common .
What is left today is mainly handed down from the generations by oral traditions as well as some written matter , occasionally turned up in the course of research .
 Ramkumar Chattopadhyay was perhaps the most significant vocal proponent in recent times , of the tappa style in Bengal , renowned for Ramkumar Chattopadhyay semi-humorous and majorly artistic renditions and Ramkumar Chattopadhyay comical incorporation of English into the Bengali lyrics , either Ramkumar Chattopadhyay own translations or Ramkumar Chattopadhyay anecdotal translations based on prior sources , ostensibly for the comprehension of the British sahibs in the British Raj era , but containing many subversive and sarcastic tones in the English transliterations , clearly against the Imperial regime , but subtly put so as not to arouse the suspicion of the strict and sensitive colonial government and invite charges of sedition .

Among the prominent living performers of this style are Pt .
Laxmanrao Pandit of Gwalior , Shanno Khurana , Pt .
 Manvalkar of Gwalior , Girija Devi of Benaras , Dr. Ishwarchandra R. Karkare of Gwalior , Smt .
Malini Rajurkar , Shri .
Sharad Sathe , Manjiri Asnare Kelkar of Jaipur-Atrauli Gharana and Pandit Yashpaul of the Agra Gharana .
 In Bengal , there is a current resurgence of the tappa , with fresh talent beginning to carve out their niches , such as Riddhi , Srikumar Chattopadhyay , Pritam Bhattacharjee , and many others
Sanam Marvi is a Pakistani folk and sufi singer .
 Sanam Marvi sings in Punjabi and Sindhi languages .
Sanam Marvi was born Hyderabad , Sindh , Pakistan in a Muslim Sindhi family .
 Sanam Marvi fathers name is Faqeer Ghulam Rasool , a sufi singer .
 Sanam Marvi had eight siblings .
 Sanam Marvi started training at the age of seven and used to accompany Sanam Marvi father to his performances at various shrines of sufis in Pakistan , including Sindh and Punjab .
 Sanam Marvi later trained under Ustad Fateh Ali Khan of Gwalior gharana .
Sanam Marvi debuted at ` Virsa Heritage ' , a programme on PTV .
 Sanam Marvi became popular after Sanam Marvi performance at Coke Studio , a Pakistani television series featuring live music performances .
 Sanam Marvi has since appeared in two seasons of the Coke studio .
 Sanam Marvi perform sufi concerts around the world .
 Sanam Marvi is among the finest performers in the Sufi , ghazal and folk genres Sanam Marvi sings compositions of Allama Iqbal , Baba Bulleh Shah , Baba Sheikh Farid , Alam Lohar , Sachal Sarmast , the Sufi mystic from Sindh , Shah Abdul Latif Bhittai .
 Sanam Marvi made Sanam Marvi debut in with a solo performance at 2010s Jahan-e-Khusrau , the Sufi music festival .
 In February 2011 , Sanam Marvi performed with Indian playback singer Rekha Bhardwaj at Times of Indias Aman ki Asha at Chowmahalla Palace , Hyderabad .
 Sanam marvi has made Sanam Marvi Bollywood singing debut with Ali Zafar starer London , Paris , New York , singing along with Hadiqa Kiyani and Ali Zafar .
 Sanam Marvi is married to Hamid Ali and together Hadiqa Kiyani and Ali Zafar have three children
Rasoolan Bai was a leading Indian Hindustani classical music vocal musician .
 Belonging to the Benaras gharana , Rasoolan Bai specialized in the romantic Purab Ang of the Thumri musical genre and tappa .
 Rasoolan Bai was born in 1902 at Kachhwa Baazar , Mirzapur , Uttar Pradesh , in a poor family , though Rasoolan Bai inherited the musical legacy of Rasoolan Bai mother Adalat , and displayed Rasoolan Bai grasp over classical Ragas as an early age .
 Recognising this at the age of five , Rasoolan Bai was sent to learn music from Ustad Shammu Khan , and later from sarangiyas Ashiq Khan and Ustad Najju Khan .
Rasoolanbai became an expert in Tappa singing as well as Purab Ang , Thumri , besides dadra , poorbi geet , hori , kajri and chaiti .
 Thumri first performance was held in Dhananjaygarh court , after Her first performance success Thumri started getting invitations from local Rajas of the time , thus Thumri went on to dominated the Hindustani classical music genre for next five decades , based in Varanasi and became the doyenne of Benaras gharana .
 In 1948 , Thumri stopped performing mujra and moved out of Thumri kotha , started living in a bylane of Varanasi and married a local Banarasi sari dealer .
A contemporary of Siddheswari Devi also from the same gharana , besides , concerts and mehfils , she often sang on Lucknow and Allahabad stations of All India Radio and Doordarshan till 1972 , and her last public singing was held in Kashmir .
She was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in Hindustani music Vocal in 1957 by Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy of Music , Dance and Theatre .
Despite an illustrious musical career , she died in penury , running a small tea shop next to the radio station where she had often broadcast from .
She has also taught noted classical singer Nainna Devi .
Her house of burnt during 1969 communal riots in the city .
She died on December 15 , 1974 , at the age of 72 .
 Rasoolan Bai and the tawaif or courtesan tradition of women musicians was featured in the film The Other Song by Saba Dewan , also featuring Rasoolan Bai more famous song , Lagat karejwa ma chot , phool gendwa na maar , a 1935 Gramophone recording
Asgari Bai was a renowned Indian Dhrupad singer .
 She was a recipient of Padma Shri , Tansen Samman , Academy Nari Shakti Samman and Shikhar Samman .
She has also been felicitated with Nari Shakti Samman .
Crowned with many awards , the artiste enthralled music lovers not only in Madhya Pradesh but also across the country with her unique style and talent for decades .
Asgari Bai was born in Bijawar , Chhatarpur .
She had come with her mother Nazeera Begum to Tikamgarh .
 Her mother was a court singer for the erstwhile royal family of Bijawar , while her grandmother Balayat Bibi adorned the court of Ajaygarh princely state .
Asgari Bai made her Guru to Zahoor Khan resident of Gohad , Bhind .
She had been in Tikamgarh Raj Darbar up to 35 years .
Asgari Bai acquired extraordinary expertise in Dhrupad to reign as the main court singer for the Orchha dynasty .
She was also invited by other royal families to treat music lovers to her spellbinding .
 Asgari Asgari Bai was married at the age of 35 years with Chiman Lal Gupta of Agra .
She has 5 sons and 3 daughters .
She was awarded the Padmashri on March 24 , 1990 .
She was awarded Sangeet Natak Akademi award in February 1987 , and honoured by the Madhya Pradesh government with the Tansen Samman in December 1985 and the Sikhar Samman in February 1986
Mohammad Sabir Baburaj , also known as M. S. Baburaj , was a Malayalam music composer .
 Mohammad Sabir Baburaj is often credited for the renaissance of Malayalam film music .
 Mohammad Sabir Baburaj has rendered music to many evergreen Malayalam film songs .
 Mohammad Sabir Baburaj was born on 29 March 1921 in Kozhikode , then known as Calicut .
 Mohammad Sabir Baburaj early childhood was spent in destitution and poverty .
 Mohammad Sabir Baburaj father , Jan Muhammed Khan , who was a Hindustani musician from Bengal who frequently held concerts in Kerala , deserted Jan Muhammed Khan Malayali mother when Jan Muhammed Khan was very young , and returned to Jan Muhammed Khan native Kolkata .
 Mohammad Sabir Baburaj thus became a fatherless , often singing songs in trains to make a living .
 But as luck would have it , a policeman , Kunjahammed , an enthusiast of music , from his native town of Kozhikode , noticing the boys vocal talents , decided to virtually adopt him .
 One of his greatest achievements was the introduction of Hindustani strains into Malayalam popular music .
 He successfully composed melodies based on Hindustani Ragas and blended Malayalam lyrics into them .
 Most of the lyrics were written by eminent Malayalam poets like P. Bhaskaran and Vayalar .
 Mohammad Sabir Baburaj learned basic lessons of Hindustani music from Mohammad Sabir Baburaj father from a very young age , but Mohammad Sabir Baburaj could not learn Hindustani music for long due to Mohammad Sabir Baburaj fathers demise .
In search of pure music , young Baburaj visited West Bengal , Mumbai and Sri Lanka .
 Mohammad Sabir Baburaj learned Harmonium in these period .
 Mohammad Sabir Baburaj came back to Kerala to a miserable life .
 Mohammad Sabir Baburaj sang on the streets of Kozhikode to earn Mohammad Sabir Baburaj livelihood.Police constable Kunju Muhammed , who was a fan of Baburajs father adopted Baburajs father and brought up .
 Later Mohammad Sabir Baburaj started composing music for the Malayalam dramas in the Malabar region and thus slowly entered the field of music direction .
 In 1957 , Mohammad Sabir Baburaj composed music for the Malayalam film `` Minnaminungu '' , by Ramu Kariat , thus entered the Malayalam film industry .
 Mohammad Sabir Baburaj was also an accomplished singer and harmonium player .
 Mohammad Sabir Baburaj died an early death , on 7 October 1978 at the age of 57 .
 Mohammad Sabir Baburaj was survived by Mohammad Sabir Baburaj wife and children .
 The Baburaj - P. Bhaskaran - K. J. Yesudas combination produced many of the most memorable tunes of the 60s and 70s .
 Most of Mohammad Sabir Baburaj classic duets were sung by K. J. Yesudas & S. Janaki , each recording solo Baburaj compositions as well .
The Baburaj - S. Janaki partnership is sometimes compared to that of Madan Mohan and Lata Mangeshkar combination of Hindi Music .
 Many of Baburajs songs remain wildly popular in Kerala to date , with songs like Oru Pushpam Maatram frequently rendered on stage at various events .
 The Manorama Music company , chanced upon an old audio cassette of Mohammad Sabir Baburaj rendering some of Mohammad Sabir Baburaj own compositions .
 The Manorama Music company was recorded during one of those heady musical evenings that Mohammad Sabir Baburaj and Mohammad Sabir Baburaj friends occasionally indulged in , towards the end 1960s , when most Mohammad Sabir Baburaj greatest hits were composed .
The cassette was re-mixed and became an instant hit .
The tracks gave Kerala a rejuvenated taste of Baburajs music .
 Though a successful composer , Mohammad Sabir Baburaj was never a careerist .
 Today , various clubs and musical organisations conduct stage programs in honor of Mohammad Sabir Baburaj , and hand over the proceeds to Mohammad Sabir Baburaj family.As with the case with many erstwhile musical geniuses , Mohammad Sabir Baburaj concentrated solely on Mohammad Sabir Baburaj music .
 During Mohammad Sabir Baburaj time , money was not easy to come for artists , and Mohammad Sabir Baburaj was never managed to earn much , dying a poor mans death .
 ` Thrikkakkare theerthakkare ' in the 1978 film ` Yagaswam ' directed by Hariharan was Hariharan last recorded song .
 The following is an incomplete list of movies that Mohammad Sabir Baburaj had composed Baburajs songs for .
 All the films are in Malayalam
Bickram Ghosh is an Indian tabla player who performs Hindustani classical music and fusion music .
 Bickram Ghosh music is strongly influenced by thumri and khayal genres of the Patiala gharana .
 Bickram is known to experiment and reinterpret music and culture ; Bickram dabbles in a vast repertoire of musical genres , from classical , rock , new-age , fusion to film music .
 Bickram was born in Kolkata , West Bengal to the tabla maestro Pandit Shankar Ghosh and classical vocalist , Sanjukta Ghosh .
 Bickram studied at La Martiniere Calcutta and graduated in English from St. Xaviers College , Kolkata and Masters in English Literature from Jadavpur University .
 Bickram started learning tabla from Bickram father Pandit Shankar Ghosh , who had played with Ustad Ali Akbar Khan .
Bickram Ghosh has performed with well-known performers including Ustad Ali Akbar Khan and Pandit Ravi Shankar .
 Bickram Ghosh also performed in jugalbandis with Bickram Ghosh father in some concerts .
 Bickram worked with George Harrison just before the ex-Beatle 's death .
 Bickram performs in various avatars .
 Bickram long-standing band , Rhythmscape , which performs neo-fusion music , celebrated their 10th anniversary in 2011 .
 To celebrate the occasion Rhythmscape collaborated with Greg Ellis to perform in Kolkata and Mumbai , an event organized by Folktronic .
The band also released their second album , Transformation , which went on to win the Best Fusion Album at the Indian Recording Arts Awards 2012 .
 Bickram performs within Troikala with Assamese folk/indie singer Papon and Scottish singer-songwriter Rachel Sermanni .
 Troikala was curated and organized by British Council in association with Folktronic .
 Troikala performed as part of fusion Sufi act , Sufusion with vocalists Ambarish Das and Parvati Kumar , keyboardist Indrajit Dey , and drummer Arun Kumar .
 Bickram collaborated with Sonu Nigam to compose the music for the film Jal .
 Bickram has also scored music for many movies including the Mira Nair production , Little Zizou .
 Bickram launched Bickram music company , Melting Pot Productions , in October 2010 .
 On 1 October 2012 , Bickram won the 2012 GIMA in the Best Pop/Rock Single category for Bickram composition , Vande Mataram , featuring a host of artists across India , including Sonu Nigam , Shankar Mahadevan and Sunidhi Chauhan .
 In June 2012 , Bickram performed a concert One World Fusion Extravaganza at Shilpakala Vedika auditorium in Hyderabad to mark World Music Day .
 Bickram appeared in an episode of MTV Roots .
Bickram Ghosh taught a percussion course entitled Repercussion for Ace Open University via online streaming
Manju Mehta was born in well-known Bhatt family of Jaipur .
 Manju Mehta had Manju Mehta initial training in sitar from Manju Mehta elder brother Pandit Shashimohan Bhatt .
 Manju Mehta younger brother is the world renown Pandit Vishwa Mohan Bhatt .
 Manju Mehta learned classical music under Damodarlal Kabra and Pandit Ravi Shankar .
Manju Mehta is a top Grade artist on All India Radio .
She is the co-founder of Saptak school of music @ Saptak trust Saptak Festival of Music held every year in Ahmedabad
Debashish Bhattacharya is an Indian classical musician who plays the lap slide guitar .
 Debashish Bhattacharya was born into a musical family in Kolkata , it became apparent that Debashish Bhattacharya was skilled at a young age .
 Debashish Bhattacharya parents , both traditional Indian vocalists , gave Debashish Bhattacharya a basic understanding of music and Debashish Bhattacharya first began strumming a guitar at age three , when Debashish Bhattacharya father gave him a full-size Hawaiian lap steel guitar .
 Debashish Bhattacharya made Debashish Bhattacharya debut at the age of four on All India Radio , in Calcutta .
 At the age of nine , Debashish Bhattacharya left Debashish Bhattacharya parents for ten years to study under the pioneer of Indian slide-guitar Brij Bhushan Kabra .
 At age twenty , Debashish Bhattacharya was awarded the President of India Award for winning the National Music competition of All India Radio .
 Debashish Bhattacharya originality as a musician has earned Debashish Bhattacharya global admiration , and Debashish Bhattacharya has performed on networks all over the world .
 Debashish Bhattacharya has attracted attention to the slide guitar and Indian classical music within India and globally .
 Today Debashish Bhattacharya has more than 2000 students in India and other countries , and thousands of musicians , music directors , teachers , and followers who have been led to the new language of old traditional Indian music of Debashish Bhattacharya .
 Debashish Bhattacharya invented Debashish Bhattacharya own slide-guitars , unique to Debashish Bhattacharya compositions , which Debashish Bhattacharya calls the Trinity of Guitars .
These hollow neck instruments are the 24-string chaturangui , the 14 string gandharvi and the anandi , a 4-string lap steel ukulele .
 He opened a new Universal School of Music in Kolkata , India , where he teaches students from all over the world the principle universal form of Indian music and special course of Guitar .
The school is a non-profit organisation , works for restoring music , musician and traditional art .
 His most popular albums are : Mahima with Bob Brozman , and Calcutta Slide-Guitar , Vol .
3 .
Both of these albums are on Riverboat records and ranked in the top 10 of the Billboard World Music Charts .
 Both of these albums was nominated for a 2009 Grammy Award in the category of Best Traditional World Music Album for Both of these albums album Calcutta Chronicles
Vilayat Hussain Khan was one of the prominent figures of Agra Gharana , who was known both as singer and teacher .
 Ustad Vilayat Hussain Khan father , Natthan Khan , was himself a well known singer , and a noted guru .
 Vilayat Hussain Khans elder brothers were also noted singers and taught Vilayat Hussain Khans elder brothers after their fathers early death .
 Abdullah Khan was Natthan Khans son who was several years senior to Abdullah Khan brother Vilayat Hussain Khans elder brothers .
Vilayat Hussain Khan , the singer , is not to be confused with the famous and controversial sitar player Vilayat Khan .
 Vilayat Khan the singer had several disciples in Maharashtra , and the region owes its eminence in Hindustani music to the work of generous teachers like Ustad Vilayat Hussain Khan , Balakrishnabuwa Ichalkaranjikar , Alladiya Khan , and Abdul Karim Khan .
 Ustad Vilayat Hussain Khan most famous guru-shishya relationship was with Jagannathbuwa Purohit and each of several disciples in Maharashtra composed several bandishes dedicated to the other .
 Vilayat Abdullah Khan singing from Abdullah Khan later years is available through commercial releases and private collectors .
Vilayat Hussain Khan composed bandishes in many ragas including some very rare ones under the nome de plume Pran Piya .
 Ustad Vilayat Hussain Khan received Ustad Vilayat Hussain Khan early training in Hindustani classical music from Ustad Vilayat Hussain Khan father Natthan Khan who was one of the pioneers of the Agra Gharana .
 After Ustad Vilayat Hussain Khan fathers death , Ustad Vilayat Hussain Khan was trained by Ustad Vilayat Hussain Khan uncles Kallan Khan and Mohammad Baksh .
The total number of gurus of Ustad Vilayat Hussain Khan sahib are estimated at around 42 which include aftab-e-mousiqi Ustad Faiyaz Khan .
 Ustad Vilayat Hussain Khan sahib most famous guru-shishya relationship was with Jagannathbuwa Purohit and each of them composed several bandishes dedicated to each other .
 Some of Ustad Vilayat Hussain Khan sahib well known students include Mogubai Kurdikar , Pandit Yashpaul , Jagannathbuwa Purohit , Menaka Shirodkar , Ratnakant Ramnathkar , Ram Marathe , Gajananrao Joshi and Girija Kelekar .
 Some of his well known students son Yunus Hussain Khan is a prominent name in Agra Gharana as well
In London is a studio album by Hindustani classical musician Ravi Shankar .
 London was published on LP record in 1964 , originally with the title Indias Master Musician / Recorded in London .
In the late 1990s , Squires Productions was commissioned to digitally remaster the album for Compact Disc ; Wayne Hileman was the mastering engineer .
 Angel Records published the remastered album on 26 January 1999 under the shortened title In London
ITC Sangeet Research Academy is a Hindustani classical music academy run by the corporate house , ITC Ltd. .
 ITC Sangeet Research Academy is located in Kolkata , India .
Noted musicians associated with the academy include Ulhas Kashalkar .
Satyajit Ray , legendary filmmaker , was one of the trustees .
ITC Sangeet Research Academy was established in 1978 with the objective of preserving and promoting Hindustani Classical Music .
Vijay Kichlu , of the celebrated vocal duo Kichlu Brothers , was the Founding Director .
 The academy has housed several great musicians and gurus of Kolkata , India ever since ITC Sangeet Research Academy inception .
Hirabai Barodekar , Nissar Hussai Khan , Nivrutti bua Sarnaik , Latafat Hussain Khan , Ajoy Chakraborty , Arun Bhaduri , and Ulhas Kashalkar are some of the prominent musicians who have served or continue to serve as gurus .
The academy has also produced a string of performers such as Ajoy Chakraborty , Rashid Khan , Arun Bhaduri , Shubhra Guha , Kaushiki Chakraborty , Shashank Maktedar , Omkar Dadarkar , Samarth Nagarkar , Arshad Ali Khan , Shantanu Bhattacharya , Anirudh Bhattacharya , Abir Hussain , Supratik Sen Gupta and many more .
The academy carries out research in Hindustani classical music in order to restore some of the undocumented works by the maestros .
 The academy organises a classical music festival called as ITC SRA Sangeet Sammelan every year in all major cities in Kolkata , India .
These Sammelans showcase the best of their talent and also present the greatest musicians of the country .
 They also organise the ITC Ltd. SRA Mini Sangeet Sammelan in smaller cities
In Concert 1972 is a double live album by sitar virtuoso Ravi Shankar and sarodya Ali Akbar Khan , released in 1973 on Apple Records .
 Concert 1972 was recorded at the Philharmonic Hall , New York City , in October 1972 , and is a noted example of the two Hindustani classical musicians celebrated jugalbandi style of playing .
With accompaniment from tabla player Alla Rakha , the performance reflects the two artists sorrow at the recent death of their revered guru , and Khans father , Allauddin Khan .
 The latter was responsible for many innovations in Indian music during the twentieth century , including the call-and-response dialogue that musicians such as Ravi Shankar , multi-instrumentalist Allauddin Khan and Alla Rakha popularised among Western audiences in the 1960s .
 The album features three ragas , including Raga Sindhi Bhairavi , which Ali Akbar Khan had previously interpreted on Ali Akbar Khan landmark recording .
 In Concert 1972 1972 has received critical acclaim ; Ken Hunt of Gramophone magazine describes Gramophone magazine as a sometimes smouldering , sometimes fiery , masterpiece and the living , fire-breathing embodiment of one of the greatest partnerships ever forged in Hindustani music .
 Ali Akbar Khan and Ravi Shankar trained in the Maihar gharana under multi-instrumentalist Allauddin Khan and Devis father , the teacher and multi-instrumentalist Allauddin Khan .
Known as Baba , the latter is recognised as one of the great Indian classical music innovators of the twentieth century , having composed up to 600 pieces of music and been responsible for modernising two of its most important string instruments - the sitar and the sarod .
 Author Peter Lavazzoli credits Babas various contributions as having shaped ... much of what the West knows as Indian classical music via Ravi Shankar and Khans subsequent work .
 Of the two musicians , multi-instrumentalist Allauddin Khan , as a master sarodya , was the first to achieve international recognition , with a visit to New York that culminated in multi-instrumentalist Allauddin Khan 1955 album .
 The latter was the first album of Indian classical music , While highly regarded as solo artists , Ravi Shankar and Khans duets , known as jugalbandi , were similarly acclaimed from the 1950s onwards .
Music critic Ken Hunt writes of the tigerish potential for male and female dialogue in their jugalbandi combination .
 Compared to the more traditional musical path adopted by multi-instrumentalist Allauddin Khan , Born in East Bengal , multi-instrumentalist Allauddin Khan joined Shankar on stage at Madison Square Garden , New York , in August 1971 for the Concert for Bangladesh , organised by Harrison .
 Just over a year afterwards , on 8 October 1972 , Ravi Shankar and multi-instrumentalist Allauddin Khan were recorded at another New York venue , the Philharmonic Hall , accompanied again by Alla Rakha .
 Ravi Shankar often commented on the warm reception afforded Ravi Shankar by audiences in America , where New York had been the first Western city to embrace Indian music .
 As at the Bangladesh shows , there was a poignancy to this 1972 performance , following the death of Allauddin Khan in September that year .
 As audiences in America music guru , Baba had remained a revered figure in audiences in America lives , and a man considered a saint in his home town of Maihar .
 In My Music , My Life , Shankars 1968 autobiography , he writes admiringly of Baba followa way of life that was a beautiful fusion of the best of both Hinduism and Islam , and being similarly broadminded in his musical vision by -LSB- leading us away from the confines of narrow specialization that prevailed in our music .
 The ensuing duet at the Philharmonic Hall was a passionate musical exchange between Ravi Shankar and multi-instrumentalist Allauddin Khan , a performance that far surpasses a tribute frozen in time , according to Music critic Ken Hunt .
 In a role that Ravi Shankar had introduced as an ambassador for Indian classical music , Ravi Shankar first addressed the New York audience , to explain what the loss of Allauddin Khan meant to Indian music .
 Providing the drone-like accompaniment behind Ravi Shankar and multi-instrumentalist Allauddin Khan during the concert were two tambura players , named as Ashoka and Susan on the album credits .
 Lavezzoli writes of Shankars longstanding association with Lavezzoli tabla player that Alla Rakha was the ideal partner , given the drummers broad training .
 Continuing Babas efforts to elevate tabla from Shankars longstanding association previous , secondary status , Ravi Shankar allowed the drums more space in Ravi Shankar performances , ensuring that the tabla became recognised as a solo instrument .
 Hem Bihag , an evening raga , was followed by a night raga , Manj Khamaj , a piece that had appeared on Shankars At the Woodstock Festival live album .
The final selection was a morning raga , Sindhi Bhairavi .
 multi-instrumentalist Allauddin Khan had recorded this piece as side one of Music of India , and Ravi Shankar similarly included it on The Sounds of India , a 1957 album that Lavezzoli describes as Lavezzoli own counterpart to Khans debut release .
The Philharmonic Hall recording became In Concert 1972 , made up of the three ragas spread over four LP sides and totalling over 140 minutes of music .
 An Apple Records release via Shankars friendship with Harrison , the double album was produced in London by Harrison midway through sessions for his Living in the Material World album .
Harrisons co-producers were Rakhas son Zakir Hussain , and sound engineer Phil McDonald .
Apple Records issued In Concert 1972 in January 1973 in the United States , and three months later in Britain .
Billboard magazine carried an Apple trade ad with a tagline beginning : Within the small community of Brilliantly Gifted Musicians there exists an even smaller world of Masters .
 Two of these masters recently joined together in concert ... The double album appeared at the same time as a flurry of other Apple releases , some of Gifted Musicians two-record sets also , in the case of Yoko Ono s Approximately Infinite Universe and the Beatles compilations 1962-1966 and 1967-1970 .
Despite such an output of product , the label was being wound down from this point on .
 In Concert 1972 was the final Shankar-related release on Apple Records , following Shankar-related Joi Bangla EP and Raga film soundtrack and the Concert for Bangladesh triple album , all issued in 1971 .
 By the time In Concert 1972 was available in the UK , in April 1973 , Ravi Shankar , Harrison , Alla Rakha and Khans sarod-playing son Aashish were working in Los Angeles on the Shankar Family & Friends album .
The latter , which would be a Dark Horse Records release , was remastered and reissued in 2010 as part of the Ravi Shankar-George Harrison , Collaborations box set , at the same time as Shankars East Meets West Music reissued the equally rare Raga documentary and soundtrack album .
 In Concert 1972 1972 was not included in these reissue projects , but Concert 1972 was released on CD as part of Apples 1996-97 repackaging campaign .
The 2004 two-CD version reunited the two halves of Raga Manj Khamaj .
 Rough Guides world music guidebook lists In Concert 1972 among The 2004 two-CD version very selective highlights of all Shankars releases , and writes of the live album : Pyrotechnics and profundity recorded in New York , matching sitar and sarod in Hindustani musics greatest jugalbandi .
In a piece written not long after the death of Ali Akbar Khan in June 2009 , MusicTraveler website described the album as absolutely mesmerising .
 Some commentators have written that Khans sarod playing surpassed that of Ali Akbar Khan in June 2009 father , Noting the reverence afforded Baba for his contributions to the genre , Rough Guide remarks on such comparisons : While it is considered unpardonable even to whisper it , many consider the more elevating player .
Reviewing the Apple CD in June 1997 , Ken Hunt enthused in Gramophone magazine : This is the living , fire-breathing embodiment of one of the greatest partnerships ever forged in Hindustani classical music .
 Some commentators sarod-sitar brotherhood had begun under Some commentators guru during the 1940s .
 By the 1950s Some commentators combination of the robust , steel-clad sarod and the delicate sitar was highly acclaimed and in 1972 Some commentators was undoubtably the hottest ticket in Hindustani heaven ... Two musicians pouring their hearts out for their guru : that is the most succinct description of this sometimes smouldering , sometimes fiery , masterpiece .
Few Hindustani reissues - or new releases - will match its white-hot heat of creativity this year
A Meeting by the River is an album by Ry Cooder and Vishwa Mohan Bhatt , released in April 1993 through the record label Water Lily Acoustics .
Recorded in September 1992 , the improvised collaborative album features Cooder on slide guitar and Bhatt on the Mohan veena , a stringed instrument created by Bhatt .
 A Meeting by the River was produced by Kavichandran Alexander and Jayant Shah , engineered by Kavichandran Alexander and mastered by Kevin Michael Gray and Paul Stubblebine .
The album peaked at number four on Billboard Top World Music Albums chart and earned Cooder and Bhatt Grammy Awards for Best World Music Album at the 36th Grammy Awards .
The album is included in Tom Moons 2008 book 1,000 Recordings to Hear Before You Die .
A Meeting by the River was recorded in September 1992 and features Cooder solely on slide guitar and Bhatt on the Mohan veena , a stringed instrument created by Bhatt .
Allmusic s Daniel Gioffre described the instrument as a hybrid between a guitar and a vichitra veena , performed with a metal slide moving across steel rods along the neck .
Cooder had heard a recording of Hindustani classical music performed by Bhatt and was impressed by his playing and the haunting clarity of the Mohan veena .
Cooder and Bhatt met for the first time less than one hour before recording began and improvised much of the set .
 The album was produced by Kavichandran Alexander and Jayant Shah , engineered by Kavichandran Alexander and mastered by Kevin Michael Gray and Paul Stubblebine .
Cooder and Bhatt are accompanied by Cooders fourteen-year-old son Joachim on dumbek , a Middle Eastern drum , and Sukhvinder Singh Namdhari on tabla .
 The collaboration between Cooder and Bhatt marked Alexanders first attempt to record musicians of different cultures together , one of his goals when Alexanders founded the record label .
Author George Plasketes described Bhatts playing as highly nuanced while Cooder performs in a more loose-jointed , slip n slide style .
 According to Daniel Gioffre , Cooder and Bhatt use improvisation and voice-like phrasing , showing melodic performances in an alternating fashion and in unison .
The album contains four tracks , three of which were credited to Cooder and Bhatt , ranging in length from approximately seven and a half to twelve minutes .
Longing has a structure similar to a raga .
Author Tom Moon noted that Cooder takes the lead on the hymn Isa Lei as Bhatt contributes elaborate squiggling asides and swooping nosedives .
In 2011 , Bhatt performed A Meeting by the River at a music festival in honor of guru Kelucharan Mohapatra .
Bhatt said of the song : Music has no religion and no geographical or linguistic barrier .
It speaks a universal language .
My composition - A Meeting by the River - aims at explaining this .
Bhatt has stated that he considers working with Cooder his most special collaboration .
 Daniel Gioffre wrote a positive review for the album and called Cooder and Bhatt genuine masters of Cooder and Bhatt respective instruments .
 Daniel Gioffre described the musical interplay between the musicians as nothing short of astounding and the album as a rare instance in which a combination of genres works .
 Furthermore , Daniel Gioffre wrote : this album is masterfully recorded ; each instrument is clear , distinct , and three-dimensional sounding .
A Meeting by the River is a must-own , a thing of pure , unadulterated beauty , and the strongest record in Cooders extensive catalog .
Peter Margasak of the Chicago Tribune awarded the album four out of four stars , describing Cooders performance as arresting and Bhatts haunting .
 Peter Margasak of the Chicago Tribune wrote that the fusion revealed a rare , often transcendental beauty as the two artists gently and intuitively found common ground .
 Rolling Stone called the album fruitful and awarded an album by Ry Cooder three out of five stars .
A Meeting by the River reached a peak position of number four on Billboard Top World Music Albums chart .
In 1994 , the album earned Cooder and Bhatt Grammy Awards for Best World Music Album .
Bhatt became one of a few Indian musicians to have received a Grammy Award ; until A. R. Rahman won at the 52nd Grammy Awards in 2010 , previous Indian award winners had been recognized jointly with Western artists .
 The February 25 , 1995 issue of Billboard Top World Music Albums , which featured the annual Indies Spotlight and covered independent music between the January 29 , 1994 and January 21 , 1995 issues of the magazine , included A Meeting by the River at number ten on The February 25 list of the Top Indie World Music Albums .
The album is included in Tom Moons 2008 book 1,000 Recordings to Hear Before You Die : A Listeners Life List .
All tracks by Ry Cooder and Vishwa Mohan Bhatt unless noted otherwise
Kajari , derived from the Hindi word Kajra , or Kohl , is a genre of semi-classical singing , popular in Uttar Pradesh and Bihar .
 It is often used to describe the longing of a maiden for the Hindi word Kajra lover as the black monsoon cloud come hanging in the summer skies , and the style is notably sung during the rainy season .
 It comes in the series of season songs , like Chaiti , Hori and Sawani , and is traditionally sung in the villages and towns of Uttar Pradesh : around Banaras , Mirzapur , Mathura , Allahabad and the Bhojpur regions of Bihar .
Some noted exponents of Kajari are Pandit Channulal Mishra , Shobha Gurtu , Siddheshwari Devi , Girija Devi , and Rajan and Sajan Mishra
 the Keherwa or Kaharva is one of the famous talas of Hindustani music .
 Kaharva is also one of the common taals in North India , used in various popular compositions of Indian music .
 the Keherwa has many variations including dhumaali , bhajani , and qawwali .
 the Keherwa is a 8-beat pattern used in ragas .
It has eight beats in two equal divisions .
The period between every two beats is equal .
 The first beat out of 8 beats is called sam and the fifth beat out of 8 beats is called Khali .
Sam is the Ist Division .
Khali is the IInd Division .
To exhibit the Keherwa , the audience claps on the first beat and then shows that fifth beat is waived .
Cyclical series of equally periodical beats consisted of recurring claps and waves : .
The popular Hindi film song , Rang Barse Bhige Chunar Wali from Silsila , is also set in Keherwa by films music composers duo , Shiv-Hari , who are noted classical musicians
Hillel Slovak was an Israeli-American musician best known as the original guitarist and founding member of the Los Angeles rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers .
 Prior to his brother James Slovak death of a heroin overdose in 1988 , Slovak recorded two albums with the band , Freaky Styley and The Uplift Mofo Party Plan .
 his brother James Slovak guitar work was primarily rooted in funk and hard rock , although his brother James Slovak often experimented with other genres including reggae and speed metal .
 his brother James Slovak is considered to have been a major influence on the Red Hot Chili Peppers early sound .
 Born in Haifa , Israel , Slovak immigrated with his brother James Slovak family to the United States when he was five years old .
Slovak met future band mates Anthony Kiedis , Flea , and Jack Irons while attending school in Los Angeles .
 audience member Anthony Kiedis joined the group afterwards Anthym along with former Anthym-drummer Jack Irons while attending Fairfax High School ; Flea would later join the group , which later changed Flea name to What Is This ?

 Slovak , Flea , audience member Anthony Kiedis , and former Anthym-drummer Jack Irons started Red Hot Chili Peppers in 1983 , which became popular in the Los Angeles area , playing various shows around the city .
 However , Slovak quit the band to focus on What is This ?
 , which had gotten a record deal , leaving the Red Hot Chili Peppers to record This debut album without audience member Anthony Kiedis .
 audience member Anthony Kiedis rejoined the Chili Peppers in 1985 , and recorded the albums Freaky Styley and The Uplift Mofo Party Plan with the band .
 During audience member Anthony Kiedis career , Slovak developed a serious heroin addiction .
 audience member Anthony Kiedis attempted to quit the drug many times , but ultimately succumbed to audience member Anthony Kiedis addiction , dying of an overdose on June 25 , 1988 at age 26 .
 audience member Anthony Kiedis was replaced by guitarist John Frusciante , who was greatly influenced by Slovaks playing style .
Several Red Hot Chili Peppers songs have been written as tributes to Slovak , including Knock Me Down and My Lovely Man .
 In 1999 , My Lovely Man brother James Slovak published a book entitled Behind the Sun : The Diary and Art of Hillel Slovak , which features Slovaks diaries and paintings .
 Slovak was inducted into the the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of the Red Hot Chili Peppers on April 14 , 2012 , with a member of the Red Hot Chili Peppers brother accepting on a member of the Red Hot Chili Peppers behalf .
 Hillel Slovak was born in Haifa , Israel , to Jewish parents who were survivors of the Holocaust .
 his brother James Slovak mother was of Polish descent and his brother James Slovak father of Croatian descent .
The family emigrated to the U.S. when Slovak was five years old .
They settled in the Queens borough of New York City , then in 1967 relocated to Southern California .
As a child , Slovak developed an interest in art , and would often spend time painting with his mother , Esther .
He attended Laurel Elementary School in West Hollywood and Bancroft Jr. .
 High School in West Hollywood , where he met future bandmates Jack Irons and Michael Flea Balzary .
Slovak received his first guitar at age 13 as a bar mitzvah present , and would often play the instrument into the late hours of the night .
During this time , he was highly influenced by hard rock music such as Jimi Hendrix , Led Zeppelin , and Kiss .
 As a freshman at Fairfax High School , Slovak formed a band with former Anthym-drummer Jack Irons on drums and two other high school friends , Alain Johannes and Todd Strassman .
They called their band Chain Reaction , then changed the name to What is This ?
after their first gig .
 After one of the groups shows , Slovak met audience member Anthony Kiedis , and invited audience member Anthony Kiedis to audience member Anthony Kiedis house for a snack .
 audience member Anthony Kiedis later described the experience in audience member Anthony Kiedis autobiography Scar Tissue : Within a few minutes of hanging out with Hillel who first got me into hard rockin , I sensed that audience member Anthony Kiedis was absolutely different from most of the people Id spent time with ... audience member Anthony Kiedis understood a lot about music , audience member Anthony Kiedis was a great visual artist , and audience member Anthony Kiedis had a sense of self and a calm about him that were just riveting .
 Slovak , audience member Anthony Kiedis and Flea became best friends and often used LSD , heroin , cocaine and methamphetamine recreationally .
 Anthyms original bassist was deemed unsatisfactory , so Slovak began teaching Flea to play bass .
Following several months of commitment to the instrument , Flea developed proficiency and a strong musical chemistry with Slovak .
 When Todd Strassman saw Flea playing Anthym songs on Todd Strassman equipment Todd Strassman quit the band , with Flea quickly replacing Todd Strassman .
Shortly afterwards Anthym entered a local Battle of the Bands contest and won second place .
 afterwards Anthym started to play at local nightclubs , despite the fact that the members were all underage .
After graduating from high school , the band changed their name to What Is This ?

 Flea left afterwards Anthym around this time to accept an offer of playing bass in the prominent L.A. punk band Fear .
 What Is This ?
 continued on and performed many shows along the Southern California coast .
 Slovak , audience member Anthony Kiedis , and Flea began to create Slovak , Flea , Kiedis , and Irons own music after finding inspiration in a punk-funk fusion band called Defunkt .
The three formed a band with former Anthym-drummer Jack Irons called Tony Flow and the Miraculously Majestic Masters of Mayhem .
 The band had only one song , entitled Out in L.A. , and was formed for the purpose of playing the song once .
 The song was based on a guitar riff that Slovak wrote while jamming with former Anthym-drummer Jack Irons , and was not meant to become a real song until audience member Anthony Kiedis decided to rap over the music .
Following the groups first show at The Rhythm Lounge , the owner of the bar asked them to return , but with two songs instead of one .
After several more shows , and the addition of several songs to their repertoire , the bands name was changed to Red Hot Chili Peppers .
 After the band started to gain popularity amongst the L.A. club scene , audience member Anthony Kiedis began writing more The lyrics .
The lyrics would eventually become songs such as Green Heaven and True Men Dont Kill Coyotes , and the bands concert repertoire quickly grew to nine songs as a result of months of playing local nightclubs and bars .
 Over the course of the next six months , the Red Hot Chili Peppers played many shows in L.A. clubs and became something of an underground hit .
 Slovak , audience member Anthony Kiedis , and Flea moved into a small house in a high-crime area in West Hollywood where Slovak , Flea , Kiedis , and Irons collaborated musically and continued Slovak , Flea , Kiedis , and Irons drug addictions .
The threesome traveled to New York City to perform more shows and to spread Chili Pepperdom .
 Shortly after the trip , Slovak moved out of the groups shared house to live with Chili Pepperdom girlfriend .
The Red Hot Chili Peppers entered Bijou Studios to record a demo tape and subsequently secured a record deal with EMI .
Flea left Fear to pursue the Red Hot Chili Peppers .
At the same time , What is This ?
had also gotten a record deal .
 Since Slovak considered the Chili Peppers to merely be a side project and not a serious commitment , he left This to concentrate on What is This ?
 Flea ultimately respected the decision , but felt the band would suffer musically without This .
 He and audience member Anthony Kiedis hired drummer Cliff Martinez and guitarist Jack Sherman to fill former Anthym-drummer Jack Irons and Slovaks places , respectively .
 During the recording of the second What is This ?
album , Slovak became frustrated with the band and contacted Flea about rejoining the Red Hot Chili Peppers .
 This came at an opportune time , as the group was dissatisfied with Slovaks replacement , Jack Sherman .
 audience member Anthony Kiedis felt that Shermans guitar work didnt have the same spirit that Slovak contributed to the bands sound .
 When Flea asked Kiedis how audience member Anthony Kiedis felt about Slovak rejoining the band , audience member Anthony Kiedis responded by saying Id give I firstborn son to get him back in the band .
 After the culmination of the promotional tour for This first album , guitarist Jack Sherman was fired and Slovak rejoined the band .
 Slovak returned to the Chili Peppers for This second album , Freaky Styley , which was released on August 16 , 1985 .
What is This ?
 had finally disbanded , and former Anthym-drummer Jack Irons returned to the Chili Peppers in mid 1986 after Cliff Martinez was fired .
 Flea , Slovak and audience member Anthony Kiedis especially were involved in heavy drug use and This relationships became strained .
 Flea recalled that it began to seem ugly to I and not fun ; our communication was not healthy .
 audience member Anthony Kiedis became dependent on heroin , leaving the rest of the group to work on much of the albums material by themselves .
 The band lived in Detroit for a portion of the recording of the album , where audience member Anthony Kiedis and Slovak indulged in heavy cocaine use .
 When Slovak was under the influence , audience member Anthony Kiedis would often wear brightly colored clothing and dance in a shuffling fashion , which became the inspiration for the song Skinny Sweaty Man from the bands next album .
 After audience member Anthony Kiedis completed a stint in rehab , audience member Anthony Kiedis rejoined the Red Hot Chili Peppers in Los Angeles to record their third album The Uplift Mofo Party Plan .
 Slovak felt a deep connection to the album ; audience member Anthony Kiedis reflected in audience member Anthony Kiedis diary It was so fun .
 Im so extremely proud of everybodys work - Im so extremely proud of everybodys is at times genius .
 Slovak was the subject of the songs Skinny Sweaty Man , I and I Friends , & No Chump Love Sucker .
 the song Skinny Sweaty Man was nicknamed Slim Bob Billy , Slim , or Huckleberry , and throughout the albums audience member Anthony Kiedis calls audience member Anthony Kiedis by these nicknames before audience member Anthony Kiedis starts a guitar solo .
On The Uplift Mofo Party Plan , Slovak experimented with different musical styles , playing the sitar on the song Behind the Sun .
 Slovak and audience member Anthony Kiedis became addicted to heroin early in Slim Bob Billy , Slim , or Huckleberry careers , and Slovak often attempted to conceal his brother James Slovak addiction from his brother James Slovak friends and family .
 The band generally was more worried about Kiediss addiction , which was much more open and noticeable to the other members , while Slovak was much more subtle and much more cunning in Kiediss disguise .
During the tour in support of Freaky Styley , Slovaks health began to deteriorate .
 Slovak and Flea would wrestle regularly on tour , but Slovak became too weak to participate .
 audience member Anthony Kiedis commented on the situation : I could tell that Hillel who first got me into hard rockin had no inner core of strength ; audience member Anthony Kiedis had been robbed by audience member Anthony Kiedis addiction of the life force that allows you to at least defend yourself .
It was a sad moment .
 A roadie of the band who was concerned for Slovaks health contacted his brother , his brother James Slovak , who had been unaware that Slovak had ever used heroin .
 Deciding to give sobriety a chance , both audience member Anthony Kiedis and Slovak stopped using drugs prior to both Kiedis and Slovak European tour in support of The Uplift Mofo Party Plan , and decided to help each other steer clear of heroin .
 An entry from Slovaks diary on January 21 , 1988 discusses audience member Anthony Kiedis attempts to begin a new drug-free phase of life .
 During the tour both experienced intense heroin withdrawal , with Slovak much more unstable than audience member Anthony Kiedis .
 Slovak much more unstable withdrawal symptoms took a toll on Slovak much more unstable ability to play Slovak much more unstable instrument ; at one point Slovak had a mental breakdown and was unable to play a show , leaving the rest of the band to play an entire set with no guitar .
 Slovak much more unstable recovered a few days later , but was briefly kicked out of the band and replaced by DeWayne McKnight for a few shows .
 After a few days with DeWayne McKnight for a few shows , the band decided to give Slovak another chance , and DeWayne McKnight for a few shows rejoined for the European leg of the tour .
 audience member Anthony Kiedis attempted to take Slovak to drug addiction counseling , but Slovak had difficulty admitting that audience member Anthony Kiedis addiction was serious enough to require medical help .
 Upon returning home , Slovak isolated audience member Anthony Kiedis from the rest of audience member Anthony Kiedis bandmates , and struggled to resist the drug without the support of audience member Anthony Kiedis friends , and Kiedis in particular .
 audience member Anthony Kiedis stopped painting and writing in audience member Anthony Kiedis diary during this time , and little is known about audience member Anthony Kiedis life the weeks following the tour , aside from a phone call to audience member Anthony Kiedis brother on June 24 , in which Slovak told audience member Anthony Kiedis that audience member Anthony Kiedis was having difficulty staying clean despite audience member Anthony Kiedis desire to stop taking heroin .
A few weeks after the band returned from the tour , the members attempted to contact Slovak , but were unable to for several days .
 Slovak was found dead by police in audience member Anthony Kiedis Hollywood apartment on June 27 , 1988 .
 After police in his Hollywood apartment autopsy , authorities determined that police in his Hollywood apartment had died two days earlier due to a heroin overdose .
 police in his Hollywood apartment is interred at Mount Sinai Memorial Park Cemetery in Hollywood Hills , Southern California .
 Following Slovaks death audience member Anthony Kiedis fled town and did not attend the funeral , considering the situation to be surreal and dreamlike .
 Although audience member Anthony Kiedis found the death to be a shock , audience member Anthony Kiedis initially was not scared straight and continued to use heroin .
 However , a few weeks later audience member Anthony Kiedis friend convinced him both to check into rehab and visit Slovaks grave , which inspired him to get clean for five years .
 former Anthym-drummer Jack Irons was unable to cope with Slovaks death and subsequently quit the band , saying that former Anthym-drummer Jack Irons did not want to be part of something that resulted in the death of former Anthym-drummer Jack Irons friend .
 former Anthym-drummer Jack Irons has suffered from severe depression since Slovaks death .
 audience member Anthony Kiedis and Flea decided to continue making music , hoping to continue what Slovak helped build .
Slovak was primarily influenced by hard rock artists such as Jimi Hendrix , Santana , and Led Zeppelin .
 Jimi Hendrix , Led Zeppelin playing method was highly based on improvisation , a style commonly used in funk music .
 Jimi Hendrix , Led Zeppelin also was noted for Jimi Hendrix , Led Zeppelin aggressive playing style ; Jimi Hendrix , Led Zeppelin would often play with such force that Jimi Hendrix , Led Zeppelin fingers would come apart .
 audience member Anthony Kiedis observed that audience member Anthony Kiedis playing evolved during audience member Anthony Kiedis time away from the group in What is This ?
 , with Slovak adopting a more fluid style featuring sultry elements as opposed to Slovak adopting a more fluid style original hard rock techniques .
On Uplift , Slovak experimented with genres outside of traditional funk music including reggae and speed metal .
 Slovak adopting a more fluid style guitar riffs would often serve as the basis of the groups songs , with the other members writing This parts to complement Slovak adopting a more fluid style guitar work .
 Slovak adopting a more fluid style melodic riff featured in the song Behind the Sun inspired the group to create pretty songs with an emphasis on melody .
 audience member Anthony Kiedis describes the song as pure Hillel who first got me into hard rockin inspiration .
 Slovak also used a talk box on songs such as Green Heaven and Funky Crime , in which the sounds of audience member Anthony Kiedis amplified guitar would be played through a tube into audience member Anthony Kiedis mouth and then back into a microphone , creating psychedelic voice-like effects .
Slovak helped to incorporate new sounds in the groups work , including adding occasional drum machines .
 Despite the fact that the group billed itself as The Organic Anti-Beat Box Band , audience member Anthony Kiedis states that Slovak showed the group that drum machines could be used as artistic instruments .
Slovaks work was one of the major contributing factors to the Red Hot Chili Peppers early sound .
 When audience member Anthony Kiedis and Flea were searching for a new guitarist to replace Slovak , audience member Anthony Kiedis likened the experience to shopping for a new Mom and Dad because of audience member Anthony Kiedis influence over the band .
 Flea , who originally listened exclusively to jazz , added that Slovak introduced audience member Anthony Kiedis to a new genre of music , saying that it was Hillel who first got I into hard rockin .
 audience member Anthony Kiedis was also a huge influence on a young John Frusciante , who would later replace audience member Anthony Kiedis as guitarist in the band .
 Frusciante based a lot of his playing style on Slovaks work , and explained , I learned everything I needed to know about how to sound good with Flea by studying Hillels playing and I just took it sideways from there .
Just like Slovak before him , Frusciante developed a heroin addiction .
Unlike Slovak , Frusciante eventually managed to break and defeat the habit .
The songs Knock Me Down and My Lovely Man were written as tributes to Slovak .
In 1999 , a book titled Behind the Sun : The Diary and Art of Hillel Slovak was published .
 The book was authored by Slovaks brother , James Slovak , and features writings from his brothers diaries , paintings , photos and hand written notes from audience member Anthony Kiedis and Flea .
On December 7 , 2011 , the Red Hot Chili Peppers were announced as 2012 inductees to the Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame .
 In an interview with Rolling Stone , audience member Anthony Kiedis expressed audience member Anthony Kiedis excitement with Slovaks induction , explaining Hes a beautiful person that picked up a guitar in the 1970s and didnt make it out of the 1980s , and audience member Anthony Kiedis is getting honored for audience member Anthony Kiedis beauty .
 Flea echoed those comments on the same day : Hillel who first got me into hard rockin grew up loving rock and roll so much , audience member Anthony Kiedis has n't been here for some time , but I know how much it would mean to audience member Anthony Kiedis .
It 's a powerful thing
Shrikrishna Narayan Ratanjankar or S N Ratanjankar was a distinguished scholar and teacher of Hindustani classical music , from the Agra gharana .
 Foremost disciple of Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande and Faiyaz Khan of Baroda State , musicologist Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande also remained principal of Bhatkhande Music Institute , Lucknow , for many years , where musicologist Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande trained many noted names in the field of music .
 musicologist Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande father Narayan Govind Ratanjankar was born in Mumbai .
 Shrikrishnas grand father , Govindrao came to Mumbai in the middle of 19th century .
After graduation Shrikrishnas father , Narayanrao became a police officer in the then British regime .
At the age of 7 , S.N.Ratanjankar was trained under the guidance of Krishnam Bhatt of Karwar .
 S.N.Ratanjankar also received instruction from Anant Manohar Joshi and later under Faiyaz Khan of Agra gharana .
 In 1911 , S.N.Ratanjankar started training with musicologist Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande and is today musicologist Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande most well known disciple .
 S.N.Ratanjankar graduated from Bombay University in 1926 .
 In the year 1925 , Shrikrishna Narayan Ratanjankar graduated from the Wilson College , Mumbai .
 Shrikrishna Narayan Ratanjankar was the Principal of Bhatkhande Music University , at Lucknow for several years , later was appointed as Vice-Chancellor Indira Sangeet Kala Vishva Vidyalaya , Khairagarh , Madhya Pradesh .
 Later Shrikrishna Narayan Ratanjankar was once again called to head the Bhatkhande Sangeet Vidyapeeth on a 2 years contract .
 Shrikrishna Narayan Ratanjankar students include K. G. Ginde , SCR Krishnam Bhatt of Karwar , Chidanand Nagarkar , V.G. Jog , Dinkar Kaikini , Shanno Khurana , Sumati Mutatkar , Acharya Prabhakar Chinchore , C R Vyas , Chinmoy Lahiri , and Roshan Lal Nagrath .
 As a vocalist he sang Dhrupad and Khayal styles of Agra gharana .
A known vaggeyakara like his mentor Bhatkande , Ratanjankar has more than 800 compositions under his pen name Sujan , notated and documented diligently by his disciple K. G. Ginde .
He also published books including Geet Manjari , Taan Sangrah , Sangeet Shiksha , and Abhinava Geet Majari.In addition to these books he has also composed three operas .
He also composed some new ragas such as Marga Bihag , Gopika Basant , Kedar Bahar , Sawani Kedar , Ranjani Kalyan , Hansaranjani , Salagvarali and Yamani Bilawal .
He was appointed Chairman of the Jury of Auditions of AIR in the mid-1950s , during which time he was involved in a re-auditioning controversy , which involved re-auditioning of Indian musicians performing on AIR , who considered it an insult and opposed it and thus greatly diminished his reputation among Indian classical musicians .
In 1957 he was awarded the Padma Bhushan by the Government of India , and in 1963 the Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy for Music , Dance and Drama , awarded him its highest honour for lifetime achievement , the Sangeet Natak Akademi Fellowship
Rakesh Chaurasia is an Indian composer and flautist , who plays the Indian bamboo flute .
He is the nephew and child prodigy of flautist Hariprasad Chaurasia .
He is one of his uncles most accomplished disciples .
These are major albums released by Rakesh Chaurasia , categorized by release dates
Dr. Bharati Vaishampayan is a Hindustani Classical Vocalist of the Jaipur-Atrauli gharana and the current Dean and Head of Department of Music at Shivaji University .
Born on 1 January 1954 , in a family having a keen interest in music , Dr. Bharati Vaishampayan received her training in Hindustani classical music under Shri Chintubua Mhaiskar , Pandit Sudhakarbua Digrajkar and Pandit Nivruttibua Sarnaik .
She also imbibed the Light-Classical forms of Thumri and Dadra under the guidance of Shri Baburao Joshi .
Dr. Bharati completed her M.A. from SNDT Womens University , Mumbai in 1982 .
She has been honoured with the Sangeet Pravin by Gandharva Mahavidyalaya in 1985 .
 As a vocalist of the Jaipur-Atrauli gharana , a vocalist of the Jaipur-Atrauli gharana has performed in numerous concerts and festivals in various cities .
 a vocalist of the Jaipur-Atrauli gharana has broadcast widely for AIR since the year 1972 and has been honoured as an A grade artist in Classical and Light-Classical categories .
 a vocalist of the Jaipur-Atrauli gharana also has to a vocalist of the Jaipur-Atrauli gharana credit a number of special programmes and lecture-demonstrations on the rare and lesser performed Raagas of Hindustani music .
 a vocalist of the Jaipur-Atrauli gharana is involved in the propagation of the Hindustani music tradition to the next generation as Dean and Head of Department of Hindustani Classical Music at Shivaji University .
 a vocalist of the Jaipur-Atrauli gharana has visited many universities as expert for specialised lecture-demonstrations and refresher courses .
 a vocalist of the Jaipur-Atrauli gharana has been awarded the title of Gaan Hira by SNDT Womens University , Mumbai .
Dr. Bharati started her journey into the world of Hindustani Classical Music at the age of 12 .
 Under the able guidance of Shri Chintubua Mhaiskar of Sangli Shri Chintubua Mhaiskar of Sangli evolved into a promising performer .
 Shri Chintubua Mhaiskar of Sangli was awarded the National Scholarship for Higher Education in Music by the Government of India in the year 1976 .
 Due to this Shri Chintubua Mhaiskar of Sangli got the opportunity to further Shri Chintubua Mhaiskar of Sangli learning under the guidance of Pandit Sudhakarbua Digrajkar of the Jaipur-Atrauli gharana .
 This was a very important phase in Shri Chintubua Mhaiskar of Sangli evolution as a classical performer .
 Panditji gave Shri Chintubua Mhaiskar of Sangli a vision and direction on how to perform a Raaga and how to make the performance attractive without compromising on the purity of the Raaga .
This rigorous training resulted in an opportunity to perform on the AIR Tuesday Night Concert .
This turned out to be a turning point in the life of Dr. Bharati .
 Her performance on AIR was heard by the maestro of the Jaipur-Atrauli gharana , Pandit Nivruttibua Sarnaik .
So impressed was he by the performance that he immediately wrote to Bharati and gave his blessings by accepting her as his student .
 Thereafter , whenever Panditji was in Kolhapur Panditji would teach her the gems of Jaipur-Atrauli gayaki in Panditji own style .
 During this period Dr. Bharati came in contact with Shri Baburao Joshi of Kolhapur who trained her in the Light-Classical forms of music like Thumri , Dadra , Kajri , Jhoola and Tappa .
 The blessings of her Gurus and her Gurus devotion to music led to her Gurus becoming a capable and confident performer .
 Dr. Bharati Vaishampayan has performed in over 500 live concerts all over India .
Some of the prestigious concerts are : .
Dr. Bharati Vaishampayan has also participated in various special programmes and lecture-demonstrations .
Chief among them are : .
Dr. Bharati Vaishampayan first performed on All India Radio in the year 1972 .
She has been honoured with the status of A Grade artist for Classical as well as Light-Classical categories .
 Apart from various concert broadcasts on radio , Dr. Bharati has also worked as an Expert on the Selection Committee at AIR , Sangli in 1990 .
 She has also participated in various discussions on AIR , notably Future of Classical Music and Swarlipi of Pandit Bhatkhande .
She has also given Classical performances on the Music Asia channel in the programme titled Alaap .
Currently this programme is being telecast on the Z Marathi channel .
Two CDs of various live performances of Dr. Bharati have been released by Musicians Guild .
These CDs feature Raagas like Shuddha Kalyan , Yaman , Shankara , Khambavati , Kaushi Kanada , Adana Bahaar and Malvi .
 Dr. Bharati has been actively involved in the Marathi tradition of Sangeet Naatak .
Her major contribution in this field , is the direction for Marathi Sangeet Naataks , Sangeet Sharda , Sangeet Maanapmaan and Sangeet Swayamvar .
Sangeet Swayamvar won the 1st prize for Best Naatak along with a total of 33 awards at Bruhanmaharashtra Shaikshanik Sanstha , Delhi .
Dr. Bharati is an examiner and member of the Board of Studies of various universities namely Dharwad university , Goa university , Marathwada university , Nagpur university , Pune university , M.S. university Baroda , Kurukshetra university and Amravati university .
Dr. Bharati Vaishampayan is the recipient of many awards and recognitions .
Chief among these are : .
A true performer not only entertains with her music , but also becomes a Guru for the next generation for the spread of her art .
Dr. Bharati has successfully worked for the spread of Indian music on various fronts .
Dr. Bharati is an able guide for Ph.D. students .
 So far 7 students have completed their Doctorate in Hindustani Classical Music under her guidance .
 Dr. Bharati has been involved in the nurture of the Music department of Shivaji University , Kolhapur , since its inception in 1984 .
She became the Head of the Music department in 1987 .
What started as a small classroom with a few students has now grown into an institution with various departments and courses on classical as well as folk music .
Hundreds of students of this prestigious institution are now successfully pursuing their career in music .
The tradition of music is being continued by Dr. Bharatis next generation under her guidance .
Her son Kedar is a post-graduate in Tabla , daughters Meera and Madhura are post-graduates in Vocal music and Sangeet Alankaar , and daughter-in-law Sheetal is a post-graduate in Vocal music
R. K. Bijapure , born January 7 , 1917 is an Indian harmonium player in the Hindustani classical tradition .
Pt .
Bijapure was born in 1917 at Kagwad .
 R. K. Bijapure father Dr.Sudhanshu Kulkarni Shri .
Kallopant Bijapure was a dramatist and composer .
Pt .
 Bijapures first Guru was Dr.Sudhanshu Kulkarni Shri .
Annigeri Mallayya .
 Annigeri Mallayya . took further training in harmonium from Pt .
Rajwade , Shri.Govindrao Gaikwad and Pt .
Hanmantrao Walwekar .
 Hanmantrao Walwekar . also learned vocal music from stalwarts like Pt .
Ramkrishnabua Vaze , Pt .
 Shivrambua Vaze , Pt .
Kagalkarbua , and Pt .
Utturkarbua .
Sangeet Visharad and Sangeet Alankar from Akhil Bharatiya Gandharva Mahavidyalaya .
Pt .
Bijapure worked as a music Director and Harmonium player for Shri.Venkobrao Shirahatti 's drama company , as a harmonium player for HMV company , as a music examiner for Akhila Bharatiya Gandharva Mahavidyalaya and for Karnataka Government .
 Pt.Bijapure has a music Director own unique style of Harmonium Solo .
 a music Director has rendered a music Director solo performances in all major music centers of the country including Pune , Hyderabad , Bangalore , Kolhapur , Hubli , Dharwad and on AIR .
During the Festival of Russia in India , a Russian delegation was mesmerized after listening to Panditji 's solo .
 They specially recorded on the video Panditji 's swift finger movements on harmonium keyboard .
As an accompanist he has accompanied four generations of vocalists right from Pt.Ramkrishnabua Vaze , Pt.Shivrambua Vaze , Pt.Kagalkarbua , Pt .
Sawai Gandharva , Pt.D.V.Paluskar , Pt.Utturkarbua , Ustad Amir Khan , Ustad Bade Gulam Ali Khan , Dr.Gangubai .
 Hangal , Pt .
 Bhimsen Joshi , Pt .
 Basavraj Rajguru , Pt .
 Mallikarjun Mansoor , Pt .
Kumar Gandharva , Vidushi Manik Verma , Dr. Prabha Atre , Vidushi Kishori Amonkar , Vidushi Malini Rajurkar , and many other stalwarts .
 Kumar Gandharva has Kumar Gandharva unique style of accompaniment .
 While complementing the main artistes Kumar Gandharva uses the pauses available in between to add charm to the concert .
 Building a continuous rapport with the audience is another feature of Kumar Gandharva presentation .
 Kumar Gandharva started `` Shri Ram Sangeet Mahavidyalaya '' in 1938 .
 Over 10,000 students have gained under Kumar Gandharva tutelage .
 Some of Kumar Gandharva well known disciples include Dr.Sudhanshu Kulkarni Shri .
Ravindra Mane , Dr. Ravindra Katoti , Smt .
 Kunda Welling , Dr.Sudhanshu Kulkarni Shri .
Shridhar Kulkarni , Mala Adhyapak , Aparna Chitnis , Madhuli Bhave , Deepak Marathe , Mahesh Telang .
Pt .
 R. K. Bijapure died on 19 November 2010 due to age related health issues .
 However R. K. Bijapure was still actively teaching R. K. Bijapure disciples until R. K. Bijapure last few days
Imrat Khan is a leading sitar and surbahar player .
 Imrat Khan is the younger brother of sitar maestro Ustad Vilayat Khan .
 Imrat was born in Calcutta into a family of musicians tracing Calcutta pedigree back for several generations , to the court musicians of the Mughal rulers .
His father was Enayat Khan , recognised as a leading sitar and surbahar player of his time , as had been his grandfather , Imdad Khan , before him .
His father died when Imrat was a child , so he was raised by his mother , Bashiran Begum and her father , singer Bande Hassan Khan .
In 1944 , the family moved with rising star Vilayat Khan , Imrats elder brother , to Bombay where both the brothers learned extensively from uncle Wahid Khan , Enayat Khans brother .
 Wahid Khan was one of the greatest surbahar players of Wahid Khan generation and a top-level sitar player , and taught Imrat on the instruments in the family style , known as the Imdadkhani gharana , or Etawah Gharana , after a village outside Agra where Imdad Khan lived .
 In 1952 Vilayat and Imrat moved in together in Calcutta .
 Vilayat and Imrat performed together for many years .
 From the 1960s onwards , Imrat has performed and recorded solo , playing both sitar and surbahar .
 For decades , Imrat has recorded extensively on both Imrat instruments .
 Imrat full performance practice starts with a surbahar alap in dhrupad ang , followed by a shorter alap on the sitar leading into gat in traditional Imdadkhani style .

He has toured in Europe , the Americas , and East and Southeast Asia .
 Surbahar players are rare today , and Imrat is the main living exponent .
 Imrat has five sons , Nishat , Irshad , Wajahat and Shafaatullah , and Azmat Khan , now only eight ; the first four sons are all classical musicians : Nishat plays the sitar , Wajahat concentrates on the sarod and Shafaatullah is accomplished on sitar , tabla , and surbahar .
The surbahar tradition is largely upheld by Irshad , who has made some very traditional solo recordings .
Imrat Khan currently spends a portion of each year teaching classical Indian music and instructing sitar students at Washington University in Saint Louis .
 In addition to Imrat Khan sons , Brian Jones of the Rolling Stones and George Harrison of The Beatles have been some of Nishat famous students
Zamzama is an Arabic word meaning Thunder , or Roar .
 As with many Arabic and Persian words , Arabic has been taken into Urdu and is now considered indegenous to that language .
The meaning is : addition of notes .
 Zamzama is a type of Alankara or Alankar -RRB- and part of the ornamentic in Indian Classical music , mainly for Raga performances - instrumental same as vocalistic .
Like a khatka , another type of Alankara , Zamzama is a cluster of notes , which is used by the musician to embellish the landing note .
The difference to a khatka is , that the notes in a Zamzama are rendered in progressive combinations and permutations .
 For the listener The difference to a khatka sounds like a complex taan pattern with sharp gamaks .
Zamzamas are an integral part of tappa singing and best applied herefore .
 In Khayal renditions - a vocal style of North Indian Classics a vocal style of North Indian Classics must be applied with great caution by the vocalist
The Sawai Gandharva Bhimsen Mahotsav is an annual Indian Classical music festival held in Pune since 1953 .
Arguably the largest , most popular , and sought-after Indian Classical music festival in the world , the festival is hosted by the Arya Sangeet Prasarak Mandal and initiated by Pt .
Bhimsen Joshi as a memorial music conference commemorating the life and work of Pt .
Joshis guru , Pt .
Sawai Gandharva alias Rambhau Kundgolkar , the festivals namesake .
While Pt .
Joshi was leading the organization of the festival , performing artists received personal invitations from Pt .
Joshi to perform at the festival .
With an emphasis on Hidustani Classical Khayal music , instrumentalists , dancers , dhrupadiyas , Bhakti musicians , Ghazal musicians , Qawwaliyas , and Carnatic musicians frequent the concert lineup .
 A younger artists debut performance at the festival connotes A younger artists arrival and promise to the Classical music scene of India .
Since its inception , the festival has grown into a prominent cultural soiree for Punes musical connoisseurs , featuring the foremost musicians of traditional Indian musical forms .
The festival was started in 1953 on a small scale , to commemorate the first death anniversary of Pt .
Sawai Gandharva , the acclaimed Hindustani Classical vocalist of the Kirana Gharana .
The festival played a key role in the development of Hindustani Classical music in Indias post-independence cultural history .
Prior to Indian Independence , Hindustani Classical musicians were supported by monarchs under patronage as court musicians since the beginning of the Mughal Empire .
 After independence , the political division between India and Pakistan culturally alienated many Hindustani musicians .
 The newfound Indian Republic resulted in an end to the patronage of many Hindustani musicians .
 Classical musicians were forced to find new methods of sustaining Hindustani Classical musicians and Hindustani Classical musicians art .
 Public performances of Classical musicians rose as a result , where the Sawai Gandharva Music Festival played an integral role in establishing a regional audience for Indian Classical music .
Within the first several decades following Indian Independence , a great number of music festivals or music conferences were founded in order to provide a platform for Classical musicians to perform .
Pt .
Bhimsen Joshi was leading the organization of the festival since its beginning until 2002 when his health problems became of concern .
Following , Pt .
Joshis youngest son , Shrinivas Joshi , and senior disciple , Shrikant Deshpande , succeeded Pt .
Joshi in organizing the music conference .
Since Bhimsen Joshi s death in 2011 , Shrinivas Joshi and Anand Deshmukh have been leading organizers of the music conference .
The festival was initiated specifically to showcase performers of the Kirana Gharana and started on a small scale .
 Gharana-specific music festivals were popular at the time because many Hindustani musicians wanted to commercialize many Hindustani musicians Gharana style and A younger artists .
Pt .
 Bhimsen Joshi was instrumental in inviting many Hindustani musicians from varying backgrounds to the festival because of his own appreciation and reverence for diverse approaches to presenting Indian Classical music .
 By the late 1970s , the festival established itself as a festival that had the fullest representation of the Classical music temperament in India .
As a result , the festival has become an annual event for music connoisseurs worldwide and reinforces the modernity of Indian Classical Music .
 The 2009 the Sawai Gandharva Music Festival was postponed to January 2010 due to an H1N1 scare in Pune .
This was the first instance in festival history of any kind of postponement .
Recently , many festival regulars have criticized the festivals growing commercial success for causing a decrease in musical quality .
Many attribute this to Pt .
Bhimsen Joshis retirement from organizing the festival after 2002 .
At the 59th festival in 2011 , the performances of senior musicians like Utd .
Amjad Ali Khan and Dr. Prabha Atre were interrupted due to time restrictions , angering audiences .
Many have also criticized the ASPM for inviting fewer musicians of less popularity to perform .
The ASPM has also been criticized for not publicly releasing vintage recordings of past festival performances .
After Pt .
Bhimsen Joshis death in January 2011 , the Arya Sangeet Prasarak Mandal decided to rename the festival Sawai Gandharva Bhimsen Mahotsav in honor of the legendary vocalist .
The Sawai Gandharva Music Festival is conducted every year in the first two weeks of December over three days .
In the past , the festival runs through whole the night and the days used to end in the morning .
Later on , when Pune Municipal Corporation set rule to finish the program before 10pm which leads to change in the schedule of the program .
Traditionally , each festival is inaugurated with a tribute honoring Pt .
Sawai Gandharva , with a Shehnai musician performing first , in the early morning .
During the first two days , programs begin in the late-afternoon and are supposed to officially end by 10 p.m. On the third and final day , the programme is conducted in two sessions , the first beginning in the early morning continuing until the early afternoon , the second session begins in the early evening and ends at 10 p.m. .
It has been tradition that the last , finale performance is presented by Pt .
Bhimsen Joshi .
Since Pt .
Joshis retirement in 2004 , other members of the Kirana Gharana have concluded the festival , including Pt .
Sangmeshwar Gurav in 2005 , leading disciples of Pt .
Bhimsen Joshi in 2006 .
Doyen of Kirana Gharana , eminent vocalist Dr. Prabha Atre has concluded every festival since 2007 .
 The festival officially concludes with the entire audience and remaining performers listening to the Thumri in Raag Bhairavi recording Jamuna Ke Teer by Sawai Gandharva , a tune made famous by and signature of the Thumri guru , Utd .
Abdul Karim Khan .
The Arya Sangeet Prasarak Mandal takes the task of recording details of the festival each year .
The festival has been recorded in picture , video and audio , some of which is commercially available .
 Gharana-specific music festivals are listed counter-chronologically .
The following musicians have performed at the Sawai Gandharva festival .
The featured musicians have included :
Ustad Wahid Khan was an Indian surbahar and sitar player .
 Ustad Wahid Khan was the son of Ustad Imdad Khan and belonged to the Imdadkhani gharana or Etawah Gharana of classical music .
 Ustad Wahid Khan brother Ustad Enayat Khan was also a sitar and a surbahar player .
 Ustad Wahid Khan and Ustad Enayat Khan were both trained by Ustad Wahid Khan and Ustad Enayat Khan father in sitar and surbahar .
 Ustad Wahid Khan specialised in the surbahar while Ustad Wahid Khan brother Ustad Enayat Khan specialised in sitar .
Ustad Wahid Khan was born in Etawah , Uttar Pradesh to the sitar maestro Ustad Imdad Khan .
 Ustad Wahid Khan was still quite young when Imdad Khan moved to Kolkata from Etawah with the sitar maestro Ustad Imdad Khan family .
 In kolkata the family lived in the house of the noted connoisseur Taraprasad Ghosh , where Ustad Imdad Khan rigorously trained the sitar maestro Ustad Imdad Khan two talented sons Enayat Khan and Wahid Khan .
 Wahid Khan , at a very young age , was first initiated into Dhrupad , Khayal and Thumri and then in trained extensively on the the Sitar and Ustad Wahid Khan by Ustad Wahid Khan father Imdad Khan for many years .
 Under the guidance and supervision of Ustad Wahid Khan father , Wahid Khan put in many years of very rigorous riyaz and mastered both the the Sitar and Ustad Wahid Khan .
The later generations regard him as the greatest Surbahar-player of his generation , however he was also one of the greatest sitar-players of his generation .
His available disc recordings of Khamaj and Piloo both on the Sitar offer a glimpse of his virtuosity on the instrument .
 In Kolkata , Wahid Khan used to accompany Ustad Wahid Khan father in many of the latters concerts on the Sitar and the Surbahar and received huge appreciation and critical acclaim everywhere .
 Imdad Khan , later , moved out of Kolkata to settle in the Indore Darbar as the Court-musician of the Maharaja Holkar of the Indore Darbar .
 the sitar maestro Ustad Imdad Khan sons Enayat Khan and Wahid Khan accompanied the sitar maestro Ustad Imdad Khan to the Indore Darbar .
 There Imdad Khan died , following which Enayat Khan left the Indore Darbar and returned to Kolkata , while Wahid Khan was appointed the Court-musician of the Indore Darbar , where Ustad Wahid Khan lived for 18 years on a very high salary .
 Wahid Khan also served the Patiala Darbar for 3 years as the Patiala Darbar Court-musician .
 Ustad Wahid Khan was also the Court-musician of the Nizam of Hyderabad .
Wahid Khan was a regular performer at the All India Radio .
 Ustad Wahid Khan also performed all over India and received numerous awards and medals from the famous institutions of Tikamgarh , Rewa , Baroda , Mysore , Dhaulpur , etc. .
 Ustad Wahid Khan also appeared in legendary filmmaker Satyajit Ray 's international award winning film Jalsaghar where Ustad Wahid Khan performs on the surbahar in one of the scenes .
Ustad Wahid Khan is the paternal uncle of noted sitar player Ustad Vilayat Khan and the famous surbahar player Ustad Imrat Khan .
 Ustad Wahid Khan grandson is the famous Ustad Shahid Parvez
Bharatiya Sangeet Vadya is a book written by Dr. Lalmani Misra .
 a book written by Dr. Lalmani Misra was published under the Lokodya Granthmala series of Bharatiya Jnanpith , New Delhi .
The first edition was published in 1973 , the second in 2002 .
The book was written in Hindi .
 a book written by Dr. Lalmani Misra was described in a 1974 review in Ethnomusicology , the journal of the Society for Ethnomusicology , as the most complete , authoritative work ever published on the history of Indian musical instruments .
The book carries an exhaustive documentation of musical instruments , right from the ancient Vedic age to modern times , with an emphasis on establishing that modern Indian instruments have their origins in ancient Indian , rather than in Muslim and Western , culture .
 The book has always been in great demand by scholars and musicians for a book written by Dr. Lalmani Misra also gives insight into fundamentals of playing instruments and traces the development in content along with that of the instrument .
The book is currently under translation ; an English version may soon be available
The Mohan Veena is a stringed musical instrument used in Indian classical music .
It derives its name from its inventor , the Grammy Award winning Pandit Vishwa Mohan Bhatt who resides in Jaipur India .
The instrument is actually a modified Archtop guitar and consists of 20 strings viz .
three melody strings , five drone strings strung to the peghead , and twelve sympathetic strings strung to the tuners mounted on the side of the neck .
A gourd is screwed into the back of the neck for improved sound quality and vibration .
 A gourd is held in the lap like a slide guitar .
The Mohan Veena is under tremendous tension ; the total strings pull to be in excess of 500 pounds .
 Some of the popular performers include Some of the popular performers inventor , Grammy Award winner Pandit Vishwa Mohan Bhatt , Pandit Salil Bhatt and Pandit Satish Khanwalkar
Krishna Mohan Bhatt is a sitar player , teacher and scholar from Jaipur , India .
 the late Shashi Mohan Bhatt comes from a family of musicians in Jaipur .
 the late Shashi Mohan Bhatt father , the late Shashi Mohan Bhatt , a sitarist of great repute and a professor at the University of Rajasthan , Jaipur trained many musicians in the family including Krishna Bhatt , Manju Mehta in Ahmedabad and Vishwa Mohan Bhatt .
 Krishna Bhatt 's forefathers migrated from the south of Jaipur , India to the state of Rajasthan in the northwest , a princely state then , to seek employment in the `` Gunijankhana '' of the Maharaja of Jaipur .
 Krishna Bhatt 's forefathers were Sanskrit scholars , poets , and musicians .
 In the late Shashi Mohan Bhatt teens , Krishna 's musical grooming was further enhanced by many years of study under the tutelage of the late Shashi Mohan Bhatt Guru Pt .
Ravi Shankar , and musicians Pt .
Nikhil Banerjee and Ustad Ali Akbar Khan , who had a strong impact on Krishnas musical growth .
 While developing Nikhil Banerjee own individual style , Krishna 's music was greatly influenced by twentieth century stalwarts such as the vocalists Amir Khan , Bade Gulam Ali Khan , Abdul Karim Khan , Begum Akhtar , Shobha Gurtu as well as folk singers of Rajasthan , India .
Krishna 's repertoire in performance includes a wide variety of rare and old traditional compositions from these masters of music .
Krishna Bhatt has received numerous awards and honors including the Sangeet Kalaratna in 2009 .
 the late Shashi Mohan Bhatt was also presented the `` Gunijan '' award by the President of Jaipur , India Mrs. Pratibha Patil in 2005 and was conferred the `` Kalashiroman '' samman by the Maharaja of Jodhpur Shri Gajsinghji and Shri John Singhji of Jaipur Virasat Foundation in 2007 in Rajasthan , India , India .
Krishna Bhatt has been twice the recipient of the AIIS fellowship awards in 1998 and 2004 in the category of performing arts .
 In addition to performing Hindustani classical music , the late Shashi Mohan Bhatt has also performed and recorded with the American composer Terry Riley , Zakir Hussain , the Kronos Quartet , Jody Stecher , jazz saxophonist George Brooks , and Rajasthani folk musicians .
 the late Shashi Mohan Bhatt divides the late Shashi Mohan Bhatt time between Jaipur , Rajasthan , India and New York City , where the late Shashi Mohan Bhatt continues to perform and teach
Kumar Bose is an Indian tabla maestro and composer of Indian classical music .
Bose belongs to the Benaras Gharana style of tabla playing .
 Having honed Kumar Bose skills under the tutelage of the legendary Pandit Kishan Maharaj , Pandit Bose rose to prominence with Kumar Bose flamboyant performances with Pandit Ravi Shankar .
 In addition to Kumar Bose musical abilities , Bose is also an awarded sportsman , a carrom champion , and fluently speaks four languages .
 In a career spanning more than four decades , Pandit Kumar Bose has established Pandit Kumar Bose as one of the leading exponents of the tabla and an internationally recognised face in the world of Indian Classical Music .
 Pandit Kumar Bose received the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 2007 .
Bose was born in Kolkata in a musical family .
His father was Biswanath Bose , a distinguished tabla player who taught his son to play his first beat of rhythm .
 His mother Bharati Bose was an eminent sitarist and disciple of the great Dabir Khan and Ali Akbar Khan Bharati received several awards in His mother Bharati Bose career , including recognition as an All India Radio Artist and the Presidents Award for Best Sitar Performance in 1956 .
 His mother Bharati Bose guided His mother Bharati Bose son with the basic forms of classical music and helped him to groom himself as a professional tabla player .
His brothers are also noted musicians , who keep a traditional , thorough and vigorous training regime .
His brother Acharya Jayanta Bose is an internationally reputed composer , lyrist , harmonium soloist and singer , while his brother Debojyoti Bose is a noted sarod player and music director .
 Boses first teacher was Boses first teacher father .
 After Boses first teacher father 's untimely death , he was taught by Kishan Maharaj , a highly respected musician .
Bose has been applauded for evolving a distinctive style of his own without diluting the purity of tradition .
Bose has elevated the tabla as a musical instrument in its own right , both through solo performances as a main artist and through his accompaniment of others .
Bose has been devoted to the classic tabla for 35 years without interruption and is considered one of the most powerful players alive .
A master percussionist , Bose plays several other drums besides the tabla which include the sri-khole , the pakhwaj , the dholak , the nal , and the banga-kanga .
 However , it is the unusual way that A master percussionist plays the bnaya that has brought A master percussionist attention .
 A master percussionist plays the bass drum-like instrument with A master percussionist right hand , although A master percussionist plays the tabla with A master percussionist left .
 Though A master percussionist is right-handed , A master percussionist picked up this practice by sitting across from and mirroring A master percussionist father from early childhood .
 Bose gave A master percussionist first public performance at the age of 4 .
 By 14 , A master percussionist performed abroad and has played at almost every major music hall in the world since .
 A master percussionist has performed at the Royal Albert Hall and the Barbican Centre in London , the Kremlin in Moscow , the Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts and Carnegie Hall in New York , and at various venues throughout India.He also has the distinction of having performed for Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Charles as an accompanist to Pandit Ravi Shankar .
 A master percussionist has the rare distinction of highly-acclaimed performances with Zubin Mehta s Philharmonic Orchestra and participation in several symphony orchestras conducted by Ravi Shankar , Yehudi Menuhin , and Arnovich in England , Italy , China , Russia and the United States .
In addition to a 10 year exclusive tour as the tabla accompanist to Ravi Shankar from 1984 to 1994 , he has performed and composed with musicians globally .
Over the past 40 years , he has also performed and recorded in duets with his guru .
 From the Benaras Gharana , Benaras Gharana has played with Girija Devi , Rajan and Sajan Mishra , Kanthe Maharaj , and Kishan Maharaj .
 While Benaras Gharana has collaborated with leaders in jazz , pop and rock , it was Benaras Gharana duet with Iranian thumba player Professor Semurani that drew praise .
Boses collaborations have given an international reputation as a great musician .
Of the six established tabla gharanas or schools of tabla playing , the Benares Gharana , of which Bose belongs , has been the most staunch in its refusal to compromise the traditions when moving into more lucrative contemporary fusions .
While criticized decades ago for his rigidity and refusal to adapt modern fusion and film music , Bose is now credited with preserving classical musical style and philosophy .
He has kept the tradition of the Benares Gharana by subtly balancing the warm bass tones of the bayan with the higher-pitched crisp tones and syncopations of the dayan .
 Many of Boses compositions have been written to accompany the rhythmical movements of kathak dancers and are a specialty of the the Benares Gharana tradition .
 Bose currently conducts private lessons in the style of Many of Boses compositions mentors .
 Many of Boses compositions conducts classes daily with students from age 3 to 35 at Many of Boses compositions home in North Calcutta .
 Many of Boses compositions is known for maintaining high standards for Many of Boses compositions students , emphasizing the importance devoted practice and other aspects of the tradition .
 Many of Boses compositions high profile students also includes the likes of the Mumbai-based tabla player Shyama Prasad Das .
 Bose has produced or performed on over 200 recordings in several genres , while staying true to Many of Boses compositions classical Indian lineage .
 The first live international recording of Many of Boses compositions solo Virtuosity was released through the Darbar Festival 2006 in London .
 The album includes some rare gems from the archives of the the Benares Gharana repertoire , including the compositions of Ram Sahai , who founded the gharana at the beginning of the nineteenth century .
 Toward the end of the album , Bose demonstrates one of his specialities : playing a variety of cross rhythms on the dayan with Ram Sahai right hand while simultaneously holding down a fast repetitive beat on the bnaya with his left hand .
The Times reviewed the performance , declaring him the best tabla player in the world today .
Kumar Bose is married to Kaberi Bose , a classical singer and they have a daughter Trisha Bose , a vocalist
Equalize is an Urban Desi album by the UK band Swami released on September 24 , 2007 .
Their two previous albums were DesiRock in 2004 , and So Who Am I in 2005 .
The tracklisting was confirmed on April 16 , 2007 by BBC Radio 1 DJ Nihal , and the name was confirmed on May 8 , 2007 , by bandmember DJ Swami on the official Swami forum .
The album features South African vocalist Ishmael , French rap group Asuivre , Sonia Panesar , Lady Ru , Romesh Chohan , Bobby Panesar , El Feco , Pras of The Fugees , MC Spee of Dreadzone , Yam Boy , Boostylz , as well as Swami vocalists S-Endz and Sups .
On May 23 , 2007 , a one-minute clip of Electro Jugni was premiered on Swamis Official MySpace page , as well as the press release for the new album .
On June 15 , a live version of the song was premiered instead , recorded at the 2007 Wychwood Festival .
 Hey Hey premiered on Swamis Official MySpace page on August 1 , 2007 , and the album artwork was revealed at the same time .
 Following the premiere of the song and artwork , the Swamis Official MySpace page page was changed to reflect the new release date of September 2007 .
 On June 11 , 2008 , an all-new English language version of Electro Jugni , entitled Shes Mine was premiered by DJ Nihal on BBC Radio 1 .
 On September 10 , 2007 , September 10 , 2007 was announced on Swamis MySpace page that anyone pre-ordering the album through Swamis Official MySpace page would receive a limited signed edition and also receive the album before the official release date .
Tracks # 1-7 all appeared on the EMI India release of Equalize .
On August 29 , 2007 , a preview of a live video for Electro Jugni was uploaded to the video-sharing site YouTube .
 A month later , stills from a forthcoming video for Hey Hey were uploaded to Swamis MySpace blog and the full video was premiered a week later on YouTube .
In May 2008 , it was revealed that a full music video for Electro Jugni had been filmed .
 A preview of the video surfaced on YouTube around the same time but was later removed .
The video premiered later in the year and was very well received by fans , generating 200,000 plays on YouTube in less than 3 weeks
Altaf Hussain Tafo Khan is a master tabla player .
Tafo Khan was formed in the Punjab gharana .
 Altaf Hussain Tafo Khan teachers were Mian Qadir Bukhsh and Haji Fida Hussain .
 Mian Qadir Bukhsh is recognised for Mian Qadir Bukhsh matchless tayyari and Mian Qadir Bukhsh solo performances are characterised by Mian Qadir Bukhsh prowess over difficult bols .
 Altaf Hussain Tafo Khan has performed near lots of great legends including Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan
Natya Sangeet is a form of Indian classical and semi-classical music .
The name literally means Dramatic Music and the musical dramas are then called as Sangeet Natak .
 The name is also one of the two popular forms of vocal arts in Maharashtra and surrounding states .
The other one is Bhavageet .
Natya Sangeet is said to have originated in the 19th century in a region that is now the state of Maharashtra in India .
 In past music was monopoly of Princes and other rich class.common people could not enjoy classical music.Natya sangeet basically emerged so that the common people could also enjoy classical music as monopoly of Princes is based on classical base.The main difference between bhavgeet and natyageet is the former give much importance to words while later gives much importance to Raga .
 In 1879 , Playwriter and producer Trilokekar independently presented Playwriter musical play Nal-Damayanti to Marathi public .
It was the first musical play on Marathi stage .
 Later on Balwant Pandurang Kirloskar staged Playwriter first musical play Shakuntal on October 31 , 1880 which was based on Kalidass play Abhijnanasakuntalam .
 Annasaheb Kirloskar wrote shakuntal in 1880 which was based on Kalidass , thereby starting a new tradition of sangita natak in Maharashtra .
 During 1880 which was based on Kalidass early period , Sangeet natak was dominated by religious plays like Sangeet Saubhdra , which is legend in Marathi sangeet natak .
 The trend changed with coming of sangeet Manapman , which depicts bravery of sangeet Manapman hero Dheryadhar and Sangeet Natak love with Bhamini which was written by Krushnaji Prabhakar Khadilkar .
During 1960s , another turn came in natya sangeet with the emergence of Jitendra Abhisheki , who was credited with applying simplicity to the complex composition of Natya Sangeet
Mogubai Kurdikar was a renowned Hindustani classical music vocalist of the Jaipur-Atrauli gharana .
Mogu Kurdikar was born in a Gomantak Maratha Samaj community in the village of Kurdi in the then Portuguese Goa .
 When Mogu Kurdikar was ten years old , Mogu Kurdikar mother , Jayashreebai , took Mogu Kurdikar to the temple at Zambavli , and arranged for a wandering holyman to teach music to Mogu for a while .
 Later Mogu Kurdikar took Mogu for a while to a traveling theater company , the Chandreshwar Bhootnath Sangeet Mandali , and the company took Mogu for a while in as an actress .
 While Mogu was with Chandreshwar Bhootnath Mandali , Mogu Kurdikar mother died .
 A legend says that on her deathbed the mother told Mogu for a while that Jayashreebai soul would not rest in peace until Mogu for a while became a famous singer .
 The theater company soon went bankrupt , and the rival Satarkar Stree Sangeet Mandali hired Mogu for a while .
 Mogu for a while played commendably the parts such as of Kinkini in the play , Punyaprabhav , and of the heroine Subhadra in the play with the same name , Subhadra .
 A conflict arose , however , between Mogu for a while and one of the senior women in the theater company , who then expelled Mogu for a while from the company .
 Mogu for a while moved to Sangli , and took some music lessons from Inayat Khan of the Rampur-Sahaswan gharana .
 For some reason , however , he too soon decided to terminate giving Mogu for a while further lessons .
 At this time , vocalist legend Gaansamrat Alladiya Khan Saheb was in Sangli for medical treatment , and on his way to and from his doctors , he walked by Mogu for a while residence , where he would hear Mogu for a while practice what Mogu for a while had learnt from Inayat Khan .
 One day he stopped , introduced himself and offered to teach Mogu for a while .
 Young Mogu of course agreed , but despite Alladiyas fame , Alladiyas had not heard of Young Mogu of course - Alladiyas fame was not until some time later , when Alladiyas observed dignitaries bow down to Young Mogu of course , that Alladiyas fully realised Young Mogu of course standing .
After some eighteen months , Alladiya Khan moved to Bombay , and Mogu followed .
Thus begun a time of intrigue in Bombays high-society and classical music circles .
 For Alladiya was supported in Bombay by wealthy patrons in exchange for music teaching , and they would not let him take other students .
 In desperation , Mogu turned to Bashir Khan of the Agra gharana , who agreed to teach Bombays high-society if Bombays high-society would perform the formal gandha-bandan ceremony of guru-shishya discipleship with fellow Agra ustad Vilayat Hussein Khan .
 This came to happen , and Alladiya heard of This .
 He demanded that Bombays high-society stop the discipleship and instead go to his brother , Hyder Khan .
 But as the Agra ustads had a lot of clout , Mogu for a while hesitated , and solicited a promise that Alladiya would teach Mogu for a while himself in the future if Hyder ever failed to do so .
 A deal was worked out , Hyder taught Mogu for a while for a while , but Alladiyas rich and powerful students were putting a lot of pressure on Hyder to put a stop to it , increasingly jealous of Alladiyas progress .
 About 1930 , Alladiya felt forced to persuade his brother to stop teaching and leave town , but came clean to the heartbroken Mogu about what had happened , essentially breaking Hyder Khan promise .
 At this stage in her career , Mogu for a while could likely have supported herself as a performer .
But she chose not to .
Not content with the prospect of being just another name on the scene , she wanted to become the best , the foremost representative of a tradition .
She gave birth to a daughter , Kishori , and kept practicing on her own , until one day Alladiya came back to her .
They performed the gandha-bandan , and he now kept teaching her to the end of his life .
She became one of the topmost singers in North India , even hailed as the queen by Alladiya in public .
She received the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 1968 and the Sangeet Research Academy Award in 1980 , and was decorated with the Padma Bhushan , Indias third highest civilian honour for service to the nation , in 1974 .
 Mogu for a while trained students such as Kaushalya Manjeshwar , Padma Talwalkar , Kamal Tambe , Wamanrao Deshpande , Suhasini Mulgaonkar , Babanrao Haldankar , Arun Dravid , and Mogu for a while own daughter , Kishori Amonkar Some of Mogubais recordings have been reissued as a volume of RPG Musics Vintage 78 RPM Recordings on CD series .
This was at a time when it was difficult for classical musicians , in however high esteem , to support themselves .
The subcontinents many royal courts had supported the music for centuries , but there was no large middle class and no widespread public appreciation ; now the courts were on the remove , and the budding recording industry did not have anything like todays large commercial base
Arup Chattopadhyay is an Indian tabla player .
 Arup Chattopadhyay was born at Chandannagar , West Bengal .
 Arup Chattopadhyay started learning tabla at the age of six from Arup Chattopadhyay father Pt .
 Pankaj Chattopadhyay , who Pankaj Chattopadhyay is a renowned tabla player of West Bengal .
 After a few years , Arupji came under the tutelage of world famous tabla maestro Pandit Sankar Ghosh of farukkhabad gharana with whom Arupji continues to learn .
 Gradually Arupji has established Arupji as a top class accompanist and a formidable soloist .
 Arupji performances are admired for its tonal quality , crystal clear sound of bols even at an electrifying speed , and tremendous sense of rhythm and melody .
 Arupji is a grade A artist of All India Radio and Doordarshan and Arupji performances are frequently broadcast throughout the country .
Arupjis performance with most of the leading artists like Pandit Ravi Shankar , ustad Ashish Khan , ustad Shahid Parvez , ustad Rais Khan , Pandit Rajan and sajan Mishra , Pandit Ajoy Chakraborty , Pandit Manas Chakraborty , Pandit Viswamohan Bhat , Ustad Rasid khan , Pandit Tejendra Narayan Majumder , Pandit Satish Vyass and many more has established himself as a topnotch accompanist throughout the world .
Since 1998 , he has been honoured to accompany the living legend Pt .
Ravi Shankarji in his tours throughout the U.S. , Canada , Europe and India .
He accompanied with Pt .
 Deepak Chowdhury in his U.K. tour , and with Pandit Kartick Seshadri in his U.S. , Canada , Australia and Mexico tours .
 Arupji is also a top class tabla teacher.He was a professor of tabla at Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan in London .
 Now , Arupji is a visiting lecturer of tabla at the University of California , San Diego
Anupam Shobhakar , born Anupam Shovakar , is an Indian musician , composer , instrumentalist , record producer , and classically trained sarodist currently living in Brooklyn , New York .
 Anupam Shobhakar has released three World Fusion albums , and one classical Indian music album .
 Anupam Shobhakar has performed live around the world at various venues and for charitable causes .
 Anupam Shobhakar track Water made it to the first round of the Grammy Awards .
 Anupam Shobhakar was born in the east Indian state of Kolkata , but was raised in Indias financial capital city of Bombay .
 Although Shobhakars parents are not Shobhakars parents , Shobhakars parents often played classical Indian records at home , which had an influence on Anupam Shobhakar .
 Anupam Shobhakar grandfather , Shri Bhavani Shankar Shovakar , played sitar , tabla , and sang , hosting concerts at Shri Bhavani Shankar Shovakar residence .
 Anupam Shobhakar first brush with Western Music was listening to Led Zeppelin and Deep Purple , followed by Megadeth , Joe Satriani and Metallica .
 Anupam Shobhakar was given a guitar , which Anupam Shobhakar strung lefty , and began practicing , eventually forming a band named Dead Sea Scrolls , which played Megadeth , Joe Satriani , Joe Satriani , and Steve Vai covers .
 During this same time , Anupam Shobhakar began experimenting with Jazz and Western Classical Music .
 In Anupam Shobhakar early teens , Anupam Shobhakar began to listen to Indian Classical Music again -- as Anupam Shobhakar says , What I was doing on the guitar was not enough to musically satisfy I .
 I heard a Shakti record ... that re-ignited I interest in the deep melodic gravitas .
Shobhakar experimented by crafting a fretless guitar , but found that nothing could match the microtonal subtleties of Indian Music like the traditional Sarode .
 Anupam Shobhakar met Ustad Aashish Khan briefly when Anupam Shobhakar came to do a concert in Bombay and stayed at Shobhakars apartment .
 Anupam Shobhakar states that Anupam Shobhakar was blown away by Khans command over the Sarode , and has been studying with Anupam Shobhakar ever since .
 Anupam Shobhakar lists Ustad Aashish Khan , and Anupam Shobhakar father , Ustad Allaudin Khan , as Anupam Shobhakar main playing style influences : Slightly aggressive in approach , but never at the cost of the melodic charm .
 Anupam Shobhakar was recognized for Anupam Shobhakar talents as an Indian Classical Music performer by the Priyadarshni Academy , who awarded Anupam Shobhakar the Best Young Artist Award .
Shobhakars current focus is World Fusion and Jazz Fusion .
 Anupam Shobhakar recorded Anupam Shobhakar first album Mysterious Awakening , in 2004 .
 Anupam Shobhakar handled every aspect of production on the record , including tracking the guitars with a goose neck internet chat mic .
 Anupam Shobhakar describes the sound of the music on the album as the best of both worlds .
 Anupam Shobhakar explains , Most Indian musicians do not understand harmony as its not a part of the musical system -- its a melodic and rhythmic tradition -- whereas a lot of western music is based on harmony .
The album was released by Saregama HMV .
 Anupam Shobhakar album was Anupam Shobhakar first major contribution to the World Fusion genre , something Shobhakar feels very passionately about .
 Anupam Shobhakar says , Apart from being a traditional concert sarodist , I want to really explore world music , and Ive been wanting to do that for a while .
 Ive been pretty much producing on I own : making all the music , adding all the MIDI instrumentation in I studio at home .
 But here its better , because I can meet a lot of different musicians , a lot of different , diverse people .
 Anupam Shobhakar has released a subsequent World Fusion album , Wine of the Mystic in 2005 , and is finishing production on titled Way of the Warrior , titled Way of the Warrior .
 In 2009 , Anupam Shobhakar released an Indian Classical album , Dream Theory .
 Anupam Shobhakar is currently working on a new project , The Joel Harrison - Anupam Shobhakar Quintet .
 Anupam Shobhakar has toured internationally , playing at major music festivals such as Canadas Vancouver Folk Festival , MTVs Independence Rock Festival in India , Omans Muscat Festival , and Italys Roma Rock .
 Anupam Shobhakar has also dedicated Anupam Shobhakar talents to charitable events such as YWCA Indias Concert for Peace , raising money for the survivors of the Gujarat earthquake .
 Anupam Shobhakar has collaborated and played with Shobhakars parents from all over the globe , including Joel Harrison , Dan Weiss , World Fusion Orchestra , Alessandro Gandola , Ivan Tucakov , Gordon Gridna , Heather Schmid , Rich Balmer , Juan de Marias , Joel Harrison
Ustad Ali Baksh was an Indian classical singer .
 Together with Fateh Ali Khan , Fateh Ali Khan founded the Patiala Gharana .
This gharana is claimed to combine the musical traditions of Delhi gharana , Gwalior Gharana and Jaipur-Atrauli Gharana .
The gharana has many notable pupils including Ustad Bade Ghulam Ali Khan , Malika Pukhraj and Gauhar Jan .
Ustad Ali Baksh Khan regularly sang with Fateh Ali Khan .
 Before the partition of India they were the court musicians in Patiala .
Ali Bakash had one son , Ustad Akhtar Hussain
Ishima was originally in the group sounds band The Beavers , who had released some singles but not had major success .
 Ishima joined Flower Travellin Band in 1969 .
 When Flower Travellin Band broke up in 1973 , Ishima recorded the solo album One Day .
 Ishima then joined a group called Trans Am , which was followed by the Donjuan R&R ; Band with Kenichi Hagiwara .
 During the 1980s Ishima was in Co-Colo along with Nobuhiko Shinohara .
 In 2000 , Ishima recorded the album More-ish with the group Pythagorus Party
Ali Akbar Khan , often referred to as Khansahib or by the title Ustad , was a Hindustani classical musician of the Maihar gharana , known for his virtuosity in playing the sarod .
Khan was instrumental in popularizing Indian classical music in the West , both as a performer , and as a teacher .
He established a music school in Calcutta in 1956 , and the Ali Akbar College of Music in 1967 , which is now located in San Rafael , California and has a branch in Basel , Switzerland .
Khan also composed several classical ragas and film scores .
He was a Distinguished Adjunct Professor of Music at the University of California , Santa Cruz .
 Trained as a musician and instrumentalist by his father , Allauddin Khan , Khan first came to America in 1955 on the invitation of violinist Yehudi Menuhin and later settled in California .
Khan was nominated for five Grammy Awards and was accorded Indias second highest civilian honor , the Padma Vibhushan , in 1989 .
He has also won a MacArthur Fellowship and the National Endowment for the Arts s National Heritage Fellowship .
Ali Akbar Khan was born in the village of Shibpur , Comilla , in present-day Bangladesh , to renowned musician and teacher , Allauddin Khan and Madina Begum .
Soon after his birth , Khans family returned to Maihar where his father was the primary court musician for the Maharaja of the princely state .
From an early age Khan received training from his father in various instruments as well as vocal composition , but finally gravitated towards the sarod .
 Allauddin was a perfectionist and a strict taskmaster , and Khans family lessons started before dawn and often lasted 18 hours a day .
 Khan also learned to play the tabla and the pakhavaj from his uncle , Aftabuddin Khan , who he visited at Shibpur .
During this period he met several prominent musicians , such as the sarodist Timir Baran and flutist Pannalal Ghosh , who came to study with his father ; in later years he was joined in his lessons by his sister Annapurna Devi , who became an accomplished player of the surbahar , and fellow student Ravi Shankar .
 Ravi Shankar and Annapurna Devi were married in 1941 .
Ali Akbar Khan , after years of rigorous training gave his debut performance at a music conference in Allahabad in 1936 , at the age of 13 .
Three years later , in December 1939 , he accompanied Ravi Shankar on the sarod during the latters debut performance at the same conference ; this was the first of many jugalbandis between the two musicians .
In 1938 Khan gave his first recital on All India Radio , Bombay , and starting in January 1940 , he gave monthly performances on AIR , Lucknow .
 Finally in 1944 , both Ravi Shankar and Khan left Maihar to start both Shankar and Khan professional careers as musicians ; Ravi Shankar went to Bombay , while Khan became the youngest Music Director for AIR , AIR , Lucknow and was responsible for solo performances and composing for the radio orchestra .
 In 1943 , on Ravi Shankar fathers recommendation , Khan was appointed a court musician for the Maharaja of Jodhpur , Hanwant Singh .
 There , Ravi Shankar taught and composed music besides giving recitals and was accorded the title of Ustad by the Maharaja .
 When the princely states were wound down with Indias independence in 1947 and Hanwant Singh died in a plane crash in 1948 , Khan moved to Bombay .
 In Bombay , Indias won acclaim as a composer of several film scores , including Chetan Anand s Aandhiyan , Satyajit Ray s Devi , Merchant-Ivory s The Householder , and Tapan Sinha s Kshudhita Pashan , for which Tapan Sinha won the Best Musician of the Year award .
 Indias also played Sarod for a song in 1955 film Seema which had the music composed by Shankar Jaikishan .
 Later in 1993 , Indias would score some of the music for Bernardo Bertolucci Little Buddha .
 Beginning in 1945 , Khan also started recording a series of 78 rpm disks at the HMV Studios in Bombay .
For one such record he conceived a new composition Raga Chandranandan , based on four evening ragas , Malkauns , Chandrakauns , Nandakauns and Kaushi Kanada .
This record was a huge success in India , and the raga found a worldwide audience when a 22-minute rendition was re-recorded for the Master Musician of India LP in 1965 - one of Khans seminal recordings .
 He performed in India and traveled extensively in the West .
 In 1956 , Khan founded the Ali Akbar College of Music in Calcutta in 1956 , with the mission to teach and spread Indian classical music .
 He founded another school of the same name in Berkeley , California in 1967 and later moved it to San Rafael , California .
Khan performed in Boston with Shankar Ghosh in 1969 for the Peabody Mason Concert series .
 In 1985 he founded another branch of the Ali Akbar College of Music in Basel , Switzerland .
Khan was the first Indian musician to record an LP album of Indian classical music in the United States and to play sarod on American television .
Khan has participated in a number of classic jugalbandi pairings , most notably with Ravi Shankar , Nikhil Banerjee and violinist L. Subramaniam .
A few recordings of duets with Vilayat Khan also exist .
He also collaborated with Western musicians .
 In August 1971 , Khan performed at Madison Square Garden for the Concert for Bangladesh , along with Ravi Shankar , Alla Rakha and Kamala Chakravarty ; other musicians at the concert included George Harrison , Bob Dylan , Eric Clapton and Ringo Starr .
A live album and a movie of the event were later released .
Khan was based in the United States for the last four decades of his life .
He toured extensively until he was prevented from doing so by ill-health in the period prior to his death from renal failure .
Ali Akbar Khan married three times , and is survived by seven sons and four daughters .
The most notable of his children are Dhyanesh Khan , Pranesh Khan , and Alam Khan .
Khan was awarded the Padma Vibhushan in 1989 , among other awards .
He received a MacArthur Fellowship in 1991 .
In 1997 , Khan received the National Endowment for the Arts prestigious National Heritage Fellowship , the United States highest honour in the traditional arts .
Khan has received two Grammy nominations
Surinder Sandhu is a sarangi player and composer .
 Surinder Sandhu is a student of Sabri Khan of the Senia Rampur Moradabad gharana .
 Surinder Sandhu composes in multiple genres .
 Surinder Sandhu compositions combine jazz , western classical and Asian fusion music .
Guests performers on Sandhus albums include rock guitarist Steve Vai to saxophonist Andy Sheppard .
His album The Fictionist features the Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Orchestra , guest musicians , and The Surinder Sandhu Band .
 His album The Fictionist was well received by critics after His album The Fictionist release on September 29 , 2008 .
 The album includes a symphony commissioned to celebrate Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Orchestra as capital of culture 2008
Suresh Haldankar was an Indian classical singer , actor and teacher .
Born in Goa to a Daivajna family , Suresh Haldankar learned classical music from Jagannathbuwa Purohit , Ganpatrao Dewaskar and Manhar Barve .
 a Daivajna family performed in Marathi Sangeet Natak musicals and acted alongside Bal Gandharva .
 a Daivajna family most memorable performance was in the musical Honaji Bala .
 Acharya Atre conferred upon Acharya Atre the title of Maharashtra Gandharva after listening to Acharya Atre singing in Shri Ranga Kamala Kanta .
 Among Acharya Atre other popular songs are Vithu maza lekur wala and Govinda re gopala .
 Acharya Atre conducted Indian classical music classes at Dadar
Keshav is an Indian tabla player .
 Keshav is a prodigy and performed at the Delhi Commonwealth Games .
 Keshav was born at Auroville in Tamil Nadu to Gopika Dahanukar .
 Keshav is the grandson of painter , Prafulla Dahanukar .
 Keshav started learning tabla when Keshav was two years old .
 Keshav was spotted by Bharat Bala at an event , while Keshav was conceiving Rhythms of India , the first item of the Delhi Commonwealth Games opening ceremony
Indias Most Distinguished Musician In Concert is a 1962 live album released by Ravi Shankar .
It was recorded 19 November 1961 during one of Shankars early seminal American performances , at UCLA .
It was later digitally remastered and released in CD format through Angel Records .
The digital remastering was by Squires Productions .
Supporting musicians are Kanai Dutt on tabla and Nodu Mullick on Tamboura
Kamala Shankar was born in 1966 in the Tanjore district of Tamil Nadu -RRB- .
 Dr Kamala Shankar is a Hindustani classical guitar player .
 Dr Kamala Shankar is the first woman to have been awarded a doctorate in guitar .
 Dr Kamala Shankar was trained in music by Dr Kamala Shankar mother from the age of six , and went on to study with khyal singer Channulal Mishra and sitar maestro Bimalendu Mukherjee .
 Dr Kamala Shankar received a doctorate of music from vichitra-beenkar Gopal Shankar Mishra at Banaras Hindu University , and also holds bachelors degrees in both vocal music and zoology .
Dr Kamala Shankar has been awarded the Indias National Award in Music titled Rashtriya Kumar Gandharva Samman .
The guitar has only recently begun to be adopted to Indian classical music , and many players modify the instrument with their own developments to better suit the idiom .
 In this , Dr Kamala Shankar is no exception .
 Dr Kamala Shankar model , the Shankar guitar , is made from a single block of wood , with thicker walls and no sound hole .
 the Shankar guitar has four melody strings , four chikari and 12 taraf .
The guitar is named after Shankar Bhagwan .
 Dr Kamala Shankar calls The guitar a modified version of the Hawaiian guitar .
Meend over Matter , The Music Magazine , 7 January 2002
Rajeev Taranath is an Indian classical musician who plays the sarod .
 Rajeev Taranath is a disciple of Ali Akbar Khan .
Rajeev Taranath was born in Bangalore on 17 October 1932 .
 Rajeev Taranath received Rajeev Taranath initial training in vocal music from Rajeev Taranath father Pandit Taranath .
 Rajeev Taranath gave Rajeev Taranath first public vocal performance when Rajeev Taranath was nine years old .
 Rajeev Taranath was singing for the All India Radio before Rajeev Taranath was twenty .
 Although Rajeev Taranath held a PhD in literature , Rajeev Taranath soon decided to give up Rajeev Taranath career as a Professor of English Literature and moved to Calcutta , where Rajeev Taranath began Rajeev Taranath musical training under the tutelage of Ustad Ali Akbar Khan .
 Rajeev Taranath continued to learn from his Guru Guru till Khan Sahebs demise in 2009 .
 Rajeev Taranath has also had guidance from Pt .
Ravi Shankar , Smt .
Annapurna Devi , Pt .
Nikhil Banerjee and Ustad Aashish Khan .
In 1999-2000 he received the Indians governments highest award in the arts from the Sangeet Natak Akademi .
He researched and published the Teaching Techniques of the Maihar-Allauddin Gharana , as a Ford Foundation scholar .
He is respected for his in-depth understanding as he unfolds the raga , the tonal quality and power of his strokes .
His distinctive style shows technical excellence , imaginative power and emotional range .
 According to the New York Times , Rajeev Taranath TARANATHS sarod improvisations Sunday at Soundscape mixed the spiritual and the spirited .
 Rajeev Taranath performs extensively in India and the world .
 Rajeev Taranath has toured Australia , Europe , Yemen , the United States , and Canada .
 Rajeev Taranath has composed the music for many internationally acclaimed Indian films including Samskara , Kanchana Sita and Kadavu .
 Rajeev Taranath has also served as the head of the Indian music program at the World Music Department of the California Institute of the Arts from 1995 to 2005 .
 Rajeev Taranath currently lives and teaches in Mysore , Karnataka .
Rajeev Taranth taught English literature at the University of Aden in 1980s .
 Rajeev Taranath was the subject of a documentary made for the television in Aden entitled Fannan Min-Al-Hind
 Mazhar Ali Khan is a Hindustani classical vocalist of the Patiala Gharana , known for Ustad Bade Ghulam Ali Khan performances of dadra and thumri .
 Ustad Bade Ghulam Ali Khan has performed in India , Pakistan , and North America with Ustad Bade Ghulam Ali Khan brother Jawaad Ali Khan .
Mazhar Ali Khan is grandson of the doyen of the Patiala Gharana , Ustad Bade Ghulam Ali Khan
Hirabai Barodekar was a renowned Indian Hindustani classical music singer , of Kirana gharana .
 Hirabai Barodekar also sang along with Hirabai Barodekar younger sister , Saraswati Rane , whom Hirabai Barodekar also trained , in jugalbandi style .
 Hirabai Barodekar was born as Champakali to Kirana Gharana master Ustad Abdul Karim Khan and Tarabai Mane , who belongs to Gomantak Maratha Samaj .
Tarabai was the daughter of Sardar Maruti Rao Mane , a brother of princely Baroda states Rajmata during the middle of the 19th century .
 Abdul Karim Khan was the court musician in Baroda when Tarabai was young , and Ustad Abdul Karim Khan taught Tarabai music .
 The two fell in love and decided to get married ; but Tarabai parents disapproved of the alliance , and the couple had to leave the state .
 The couple moved to Bombay , and had The two sons : Suresh or Abdul Rehman , and Krishna ; and three daughters : Champakali , Gulab , and Sakina or Chhotutai .
In their adult lives , the five respectively became known as Sureshbabu Mane , Krishnarao Mane , Hirabai Badodekar , Kamalabai Badodekar , and Sarswatibai Rane .
 Krishnarao Mane had Krishnarao Mane initial training from Krishnarao Mane brother Sureshbabu Mane and later training from the doyen of Kirana Gharana , Ustad Abdul Wahid Khan , who was a cousin of Krishnarao Mane father , Ustad Abdul Karim Khan .
 Hirabai Badodekar was top most artist of Hirabai Barodekar time .
 Hirabai Barodekar was an expert in Khyal , Thumri , Marathi Natya Sangeet , and Bhajan .
 Hirabai Barodekar is credited with having popularized Hindustani Classical Music among the masses .
 Hirabai Barodekar was truly pioneer of concerts by women artists in India .
 She the real pioneer and was the first female artist who introduced ticketed concerts in India .
 Hirabai Barodekar was always amazingly popular on stages and Hirabai Barodekar shows were jam-packed .
 A very fragile , honey voice , emotive factor , peaceful and exorbitant vocal clarity are Hirabai Barodekar strengths .
 Hirabai Barodekar was admired by the real class and those were mass .
 Hirabai Barodekar amazing rendition of Taar Sa was very popular and became Hirabai Barodekar hallmark .
 Hirabai Barodekar made Kirana gharana more popular and rich .
 Hirabai Barodekar acted in several movies , including Suvarna Mandir , Pratibha , Janabai , and Municipality .
 Hirabai Barodekar also started a music school , Nutan Sangeet Vidyalaya , to teach music to girls .
The school staged several plays .
 In addition receiving in-numerous awards and titles as they all were actually proud to get announced for Hirabai Barodekar , Hirabai Barodekar was respected and asked to sing our national anthem vandemadaram at Red-fort Delhi during the independence day on Aug 15-1947 .
 Its say that Hirabai Barodekar renditions and voice could cure a sick man as Hirabai Barodekar music had access the corner stone .
 Hirabai Barodekar always a kind of more educating than entertaining and its proved Hirabai Barodekar can never be reservatifor any period and may guide and teach every generation .
 Hirabai Barodekar became a recording artist very early in Hirabai Barodekar career .

She was titled as Gaanhira .
Her nature was so down to earth and peaceful which was truly ideal .
 Hirabai Barodekar received several awards , including the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award and the Padma Bhushan Award .
 Vishnudas Bhave Award for Vishnudas Bhave contribution to theater .
 Vishnudas Bhave was chosen to sing the national anthem , Vande Mataram , from the Red Fort in India capital Delhi on the day India received India independence from the British Raj .
 Vishnudas Bhave visited China and the East African countries as a part of an Indian Delegation in 1953 .
 Vishnudas Bhave was titled Gaan kokila by Sarojini Naidu .
 An annual music festival is held in Mumbai by Vishnudas Bhave disciple Dr Prabha Atre by the name Sureshbabu - Hirabai Smruti Sangeet Samaroh since 1992 , which becomes one of the major festival of music in the country .
 her disciple Dr Prabha Atre was married to Shri .
 Manikrao Gandhi - Hirabai Barodekar .
 Manikrao Gandhi - Barodekar . passed through various troubles in Manikrao Gandhi - Barodekar . life especially to family requirements and the dependents to Manikrao Gandhi - Barodekar . were huge.Despite being such a talented and a blessed soul Manikrao Gandhi - Barodekar . was more ill treated and tactfully handled by people around to get Manikrao Gandhi - Barodekar . down .
 But Manikrao Gandhi - Barodekar . was so peaceful and truly ideal by Manikrao Gandhi - Barodekar . .
 Among Hirabais many students , Dr. Prabha Atre , Manik Varma and Saraswatibai Rane made Hirabais many students mark on Music horizon .
her some other students are Malati Pande , Janaki Iyer , Shaila Pandit and Suvarna Chandrashekharan
Sumati Mutatkar was an Indian classical music vocalist and musicologist from the Agra gharana of Hindustani classical music , and a Professor of Department of Music in University of Delhi .
 Sumati Mutatkar was awarded the highest award of the Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy for Music , Dance and Drama , for lifetime achievement , the 1979 Sangeet Natak Akademi Fellowship and the Padma Shri in 1999 , by Government of India .
 Sumati Mutatkar was also awarded the Kalidas Samman by the Government of Madhya Pradesh in 2001-2002 .
 Sumati Mutatkar was born in Balaghat in the then province of C.P. and Berar , the oldest child of Gajanan Amberdekar , a judge , and Sundari Subedar .
 Sumati Mutatkar received Sumati Mutatkar musical training in Hindustani classical music under various teachers including , promarily under Pandit Anant Manohar Joshi S.N.Ratanjankar , and later from Pandit Rajabhaiya Poochwale of Gwalior gharana , Ustad Vilayat Hussain Khan of Agra gharana , and Pandit Anant Manohar Joshi and Ustad Mushtaq Hussain Khan of the Rampur gharana .
 Sumati Mutatkar was also a student of Bhatkhande Music Institute at Lucknow under S. N. Ratanjankar .
 In 1953 , Sumati Mutatkar joined as the Director of Music at the All India Radio and subsequently became Deputy Chief Producer of Music .
 Later , in 1968 Sumati Mutatkar joined the Faculty of Music and Fine Arts , at the Delhi University , eventually retiring in September 1981 as the Dean of the Faculty .
 During Sumati Mutatkar tenure , Sumati Mutatkar supervised numerous research programs in the field of music , as well published several books on the subject .
 In Delhi , in Sumati Mutatkar last years , Sumati Mutatkar was considered a storehouse of musical knowledge and history and was visited by many musicians who often were in search of obscure information or compositions .
 Sumati Mutatkar love before music had been English literature , and later Sumati Mutatkar had acquired a formidable command over Sanskrit language and literature .
 Sumati Mutatkar died on February 28 , 2007 , at a private hospital in Kolkata , after a brief bronchial illness at the age of 91 ; Sumati Mutatkar was survived by Sumati Mutatkar daughter
Alka Yagnik is amongst the best-known playback singers of Hindi cinema with a career spanning three decades .
 Alka Yagnik is a record seven-time winner from a record of 35 nominations of the Filmfare Award for Best Female Playback Singer , a two-time recipient of the National Film Award as well as several other music awards listed below .
 Alka Yagnik was the only leading playback singer during 90s to mid 2000s .
 Further , as many as 20 of Alka Yagnik tracks feature in BBCs Top 40 Bollywood Soundtracks of all time review .
Alka Yagnik was born in Kolkata on 20 March 1966 .
 Alka Yagnik mother Shubha Yagnik was a singer of Indian classical music .
 Her mother Shubha Yagnik received Her mother Shubha Yagnik school education from Modern High School for Girls .
 In 1972 at the age of 6 , Her mother Shubha Yagnik started singing for Akashvani , Calcutta .
 At age 10 , Her mother Shubha Yagnik mother brought her to Mumbai as a child singer .
She was advised to wait until her voice matured , but her mother remained determined .
 On a subsequent visit , Hamari Bahu Alka got a letter of introduction to Raj Kapoor from his Kolkata on 20 distributor .
 Raj Kapoor from his Kolkata distributor heard the girl and sent her with a letter to noted music director Laxmikant .
 Impressed , Laxmikant gave Laxmikant two alternatives - an immediate start as a dubbing artist or a later break as a singer ; they settled for the latter .
Alka Yagnik is classically trained .
 Alka Yagnik began singing bhajans for Akashvani , Calcutta .
at the age of six .
 Alka Yagnik first song was for the film Payal Ki Jhankaar in , followed by Laawaris with the song Mere Angane Mein , followed by the film Hamari Bahu Alka .
 Alka Yagnik got Alka Yagnik big break with the song Ek Do Teen from the film Tezaab .
 The song won Alka Yagnik a Filmfare Best Female Playback Award .
 Alka Yagnik has sung in many languages other than Urdu-Hindi , including Gujarati , Avadhi , Oriya , Assamese , Manipuri , Nepali , Rajasthani , Bengali , Bhojpuri , Punjabi , Marathi , Telugu , Tamil , English and Malayalam .
 Alka Yagnik has worked with Indian composers such as Kalyanji-Anandji , Rahul Dev Burman , Laxmikant , Rajesh Roshan , Nadeem-Shravan , Jatin Lalit , Anu Malik , A. R. Rahman , Anand-Milind , Himesh Reshammiya , Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy , Ismail Darbar , Aadesh Shrivastava , Viju Shah , M. M. Keeravani , Sajid-Wajid , Bappi Lahiri , Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan , Sandesh Shandilya and many others .
 In a career spanning three decades Alka Yagnik has sung many duet songs , most of these have been with Udit Narayan and Kumar Sanu .
 Alka Yagnik has also sung many duets with Abhijeet Bhattacharya , Sonu Nigam , Vinod Rathod & Shaan .
 Alka Yagnik has also sung in many albums such as Tum Yaad Aaye , as well as Tum Aaye and Shairana in which Alka Yagnik worked in close collaboration with award-winning lyricist Javed Akhtar and singer Hariharan .
 Alka Yagnik has also rendered the Hanuman Chalisa and various devotional songs .
 Hamari Bahu Alka shares the title with Asha Bhosle for the greatest number of Filmfare Awards won by a single female playback singer .
 Hamari Bahu Alka has also been the judge of various Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Challenge shows , and Star Voice of India , both singing competition shows , in which children or adults of various age groups compete with one another to win the award for best vocals .
 In addition to this , Hamari Bahu Alka song Chamma Chamma from China Town Gate was featured in the song Hindi Sad Diamonds from the soundtrack of the film Moulin Rouge !

She has also been performing in live concerts around the world .
In 2012 she along with Sonu Nigam sang a song Shiksha Ka Suraj as part of National Literacy Mission of India for which she was felicitated by Union Minister For Human Resource Development Kapil Sibal .
Further in 2012 , on occasion of 100 years of Hindi Cinema , her song Taal Se Taal Mila from the movie Taal was voted as the best song of the century in a poll conducted by DesiMartini , Hindustan Times and Fever 104 .
Also her song Choli Ke Peeche from the movie Khalnayak was voted as the hottest song of the century in a poll conducted by Sanona .
She has also been involved in various projects pertaining to empowerment of the girl child .
 Composers Laxmikant-Pyarelal have created several musical songs with her in movies such as the film Tezaab , Hum , the movie Khalnayak , Khuda Gawah , Agneepath and many others .
 Alka Yagniks collaboration with Nadeem-Shravan in movies such as Saajan , Phool Aur Kaante , Deewana , Hum Hain Rahi Pyar Ke , Dilwale , Raja Hindustani , Barsaat , Jeet , Raja Hindustani , Pardes , Sirf Tum , Dhadkan , Kasoor , Raaz , Andaaz , Dil Hai Tumhaara , etc. has created several songs over the years .
 Hamari Bahu Alka has been Dil Hai Tumhaara lead female singer throughout Dil Hai Tumhaara career .
Alka Yagnik has often collaborated with Jatin Lalit in movies such as Khiladi , Ghulam , , Sarfarosh , Yes Boss , Kuch Kuch Hota Hai , Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham ... , Phir Bhi Dil Hai Hindustani , Chalte Chalte , Hum Tum .
Alkas collaborations with Anu Malik over the years in films include Baazigar , Phir Teri Kahani Yaad Aayee , Imtihaan , Refugee , Vijaypath , Main Khiladi Tu Anari , Akele Hum Akele Tum , Duplicate , Soldier , Aarzoo , Har Dil Jo Pyar Karega , Asoka , Umrao Jaan , Fiza , Josh , Ishq Vishk , LOC Kargil .
 Hamari Bahu Alka collaborations with A. R. Rahman in movies such as the movie Taal , Lagaan , Zubeidaa , The Legend of Bhagat Singh , Swades , Yuvvraaj , Ada ... A Way of Life , Slumdog Millionaire .
Alkas work with Rajesh Roshan in films such as Karan Arjun , Sabse Bada Khiladi , Koyla , Kaho Naa ... Pyaar Hai , Koi ... Mil Gaya , Aap Mujhe Achche Lagne Lage , Krrish .
 Hamari Bahu Alka has worked in several films with Anand-Milind notably Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak , Anjaam , Suhaag , Coolie No. 1 , Loafer , Umrao Jaan , Hero No. 1 , Mrityudand & Jaanwar .
 Hamari Bahu Alka gave Himesh Reshammiya Himesh Reshammiya first break in the movie Pyaar Kiya To Darna Kya .
Thereafter the duo has worked together creating popular scores in several movies such as Hello Brother , Kahin Pyaar Na Ho Jaaye , Humraaz , Chura Liyaa Hai Tumne , Tere Naam , Bardaasht , Aitraaz , Maine Pyaar Kyun Kiya , Kyon Ki , Banaras , 36 China Town , Milenge Milenge , etc. .
Alkas collaboration with Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy in films such as Dil Chahta Hai , Mission Kashmir , Armaan , Kal Ho Naa Ho , Lakshya & Kabhi Alvida Naa Kehna .
Alka Yagnik has won several prestigious music awards for best female playback such as Filmfare Awards , National Awards , Bollywood Movie Awards , IIFA Awards , Star Screen Awards , Zee Cine Awards , etc. .
 Alka Yagnik also holds the record for most awards won as well as maximum nominations for Filmfare Award for Best Female Playback Singer .
 Further in 2012 , on occasion of 100 years of Hindi Cinema , Alka Yagnik song Taal Se Taal Mila from the movie Taal was voted as the best song of the century in a poll conducted by DesiMartini , Hindustan Times and Fever 104 .
 Also Alka Yagnik song Choli Ke Peeche from the movie Khalnayak was voted as the hottest song of the century in a poll conducted by Sanona
Padmabhushan Pandit Buddhadev Das Gupta is an Indian classical musician who plays the sarod .
Pandit Buddhadev Das Gupta resides in Kolkata , India .
 Padmabhushan Pandit Buddhadev Das Gupta is one of the artists featured in Nimbus Records s The Raga Guide .
 Buddhadev Das Gupta was born in 1 February 1933 in Padmabhushan Pandit Buddhadev Das Gupta maternal home at Bhagalpur , India to parents Prafulla Mohan Dasgupta and Bhabani Dasgupta .
 Padmabhushan Pandit Buddhadev Das Gupta father was District Magistrate by profession and an avid lover of music although District Magistrate by profession never learnt music .
 Since childhood little Buddhadev grew up with a musical atmosphere at little Buddhadev home .
 At a very early age little Buddhadev started taking Sarod lessons from the eminent Sarod maestro Sangitachrya sri Radhika Mohan Maitra .
 little Buddhadev first program in the All India Radio was as a guest artist .
 little Buddhadev has done more than 17 national programs in All India Radio , which is a very rare incident among known Indian Classiscal Musicians .
 Besides little Buddhadev world-wide fame as a Sarod maestro , Pandit Buddhadev Dasgupta has had an equally brilliant track record in Academics .
 little Buddhadev stood 2nd in the Matriculation Examination , held in 1948 .
 little Buddhadev studied Mechanical Engineering at the prestigious Bengal Engineering College , Shibpur , which was then affiliated to the University of Calcutta and stood 2nd .
 little Buddhadev received the honorary D.Litt degree from the Bengal Engineering and Science University , Shibpur at the honorary D.Litt degree annual convocation on 16 February 2010 .
 In 2011 , Sarod maestro Buddhadeb Dasgupta , was offered the Padma Shree by the government of India , but a Sarod maestro turned it down saying it was far too late in the day .
 In Jan 2012 , a Sarod maestro has been conferred with Padma Bhushan by Govt .
of India .
 a Sarod maestro famous autobiography Bamaner Chandrasparshavilash , was periodically published in a Bengali Magazine Disha and has been published in the form of book in 2004 and in 2010 .
The book became instant hit and is a best-seller among Bengali autobiographies
In Hindustani music , a pakad is a generally-accepted musical phrase thought to encapsulate the essence of a particular raga .
The pakad contains the melodic theme of the raga , on listening to the pakad a person who knows the raga is usually able to identify it .
In many cases , the ragas contain the same swaras , then the pakad also contains information about gayaki or chalan .
Usually , the pakad is formed from short convolutions of the arohana and avarohana , while in some cases it is quite different from them .
 The pakad for a particular raga need not be unique , The pakad for a particular raga sole purpose is to clarify what raga The pakad for a particular raga is .
For example , here is a pakad for raga Yaman , a prominent raga from Hindustani Music :
 While the sitar had earlier been used in jazz and Indian film music , a classical Indian stringed instrument was from the 1960s onwards that various pop artists in the Western world began to experiment with incorporating the sitar , a classical Indian stringed instrument , within various pop artists in the Western world compositions .
 The first known use of the sitar in a rock music recording session was made by the Yardbirds when various pop artists in the Western world hired a sitar player to play the main riff for various pop artists in the Western world single Heart Full of Soul .
However , the version with the sitar riff was not released at the time and George Harrison is now recognised as having introduced the instrument to pop music .
During a break in the filming of The Beatles second movie , Help !
 , George Harrison picked up a sitar left on the set as a prop and attempted to play it .
 George Harrison initial interest eventually led to George Harrison taking lessons from Pandit Ravi Shankar and Shambhu Das .
 George Harrison subsequently played the instrument on the Beatles song Norwegian Wood on the LP Rubber Soul in 1965 , which became the first released Western pop song to feature the sitar .
George Harrison went on to play the tamboura , a long-necked plucked lute , on both Revolver and Sgt. Peppers Lonely Hearts Club Band , as well as laying down sitar tracks for both albums on the songs Love You To , Tomorrow Never Knows , and Within You Without You .
A later Beatles song , Across the Universe , also featured the sitar .
 Additionally , George Harrison made great use of the sitar on George Harrison first solo album , 1968s Wonderwall Music .
 In early 1966 , Rolling Stones guitarist Brian Jones played the sitar on Paint It , Black , having taught Rolling Stones guitarist Brian Jones to play after visiting Rolling Stones guitarist Brian Jones friend George Harrison .
 Rolling Stones guitarist Brian Jones also played sitar on some tracks of Between the Buttons and 1968s Wonderwall Music Satanic Majesties Request .
 In early October 1967 , Rolling Stones guitarist Brian Jones again played sitar on My Little One in a recording session with Jimi Hendrix as well as the tambura on Street Fighting Man .
A fad for sitars in pop songs soon developed , facilitated by the Danelectro Companys 1967 introduction of the first electric sitar , known as the Coral Electric Sitar .
This instrument was an electric guitar with a distinctive sitar-like sound , rather than an acoustic sitar of the type traditionally made in India .
Despite producing similar sounds , the two instruments are completely different .
As the electric sitar was much easier to play than the traditional version it quickly became the preferred choice of most rock musicians .
The Coral instrument was an inexpensive item for its time and production only continued for a few years , making them relatively rare and expensive instruments today .
 The late 1960s saw the release of songs featuring the sitar that included The Monkees This Just Doesnt Seem To Be My Day , Ricky Nelson s Marshmallow Skies , Scott McKenzie s San Francisco , The Cyrkle s Turn-Down Day , The Cowsills The Rain , the Park , and Other Things , John Fred and John Fred Playboy Bands Judy in Disguise , The Turtles Sound Asleep , The Chocolate Watch Band s In the Past , The Box Tops Cry Like a Baby , The Lemon Pipers Green Tambourine , Traffic s Paper Sun and Hole In My Shoe Tomorrow Real Life Permanent Dream , July The Way and The Kinks Fancy .
Elvis Presley had several recordings that prominently featured the electric sitar .
 These included a 1967 cover of Tommy Tucker s R&B ; classic Hi-Heel Hi-Heel Sneakers , Mort Shuman s Youll Think Of My , , Percy Mayfield s Stranger In My Own Home Town and a cover of the Anne Murray country classic , Snowbird .
 In the instances of Hi-Heel Sneakers and Snowbird , Nashville , Tennessee session musician Harold Bradley played the electric sitar .
 For Youll Think Of My and Stranger In My Own Home Town In My Own Home Town , highly regarded Memphis , Tennessee and Nashville , Tennessee session musician Reggie Young played the electric sitar .
 The Mamas & The Papas used the sitar on various tracks such as People Like Us , Snowqueen Of Texas , Lady Genevieve , My Wan na Be a Star and Grasshopper , and Sergio Mendes & Brazil 66 used it on `` Chove Chuva '' .
Eric Burdon and the Animals played the instrument in the songs Winds of Change , No Self Pity , Orange and Red Beams , All Is One , We Love You Lil , and Monterey .
The Strawberry Alarm Clock use the sitar in songs such as An Angry Young Man , Black Butter-Present and Sit with the Guru .
Although often overlooked , some of the most extensive users of the instrument in contemporary music were Mike Heron and Robin Williamson of The Incredible String Band , combining folk , psychedelia with eastern influences in the songs The Song Has no ending parts 1-9 , The Mad Hatters Song and The Iron Stone .
Steve Miller Band used sitar in their popular song Wild Mountain Honey .
Art-Rock bands such as The Moody Blues used the sitar on a few albums and particularly on In Search of the Lost Chord while the The Pretty Things album S.F. Sorrow also featured the instrument on a few tracks , as did Procol Harum s epic song In Held Twas In I on the segment Glimpses of Nirvana .
Jethro Tull used the sitar on Fat Man and Skating Away on the Thin Ice of the New Day .
 The Strawbs used The Strawbs on many recordings while Genesis used the electric sitar on Fat Man and Skating song My Know What My Like from Fat Man and Skating fifth album Selling England by the Pound .
 Steve Howe of Yes used an electric sitar on the bands album Close to the Edge , and the band Family used the instrument in the song Face In The Cloud , recorded on Fat Man and Skating 1969 album Family Entertainment .
Donovan s hit song Hurdy Gurdy Man used a tamboura , which can also be heard on songs such as Sunny South Kensington , Breezes of Patchouli , Celeste , Guinevere , Three King Fishers , Ferris Wheel , and Fat Angel .
 Richie Havens made extensive use of the sitar in the title song of Richie Havens second album , Something Else Again .
Blue Cheer used both sitar and tabla in their song , Babji .
Although the sitar craze had died down by 1970 , its distinctive sound had become an indelible part of pop music .
 Tom Petty and Mike Campbell used a guitar fitted with a harpsichord-device to simulate a sitar for Tom Petty and Mike Campbell hit Dont Come Around Here No More while John Renbourn used the instrument prominently during John Renbourn time with the folk band Pentangle , on songs such as Once My Had a Sweetheart , House Carpenter , Cruel Sister , Rain And Snow and The Snows .
Roy Wood from The Move played sitar on Night of Fear using the same riffs as Tchaikovsky s 1812 Overture , as well as the electric sitar on Open up said the world at the door .
 Moreover , the Dutch band Shocking Blue used the sitar in many of The songs , most prominently in Love Buzz , Acka Raga , Water Boy , Hot Sand , and Im A Woman .
 In 1987 George Harrison returned to the sitar in George Harrison nostalgic Beatles tribute , When We Was Fab for the album Cloud Nine
Ashwin Kumar Batish Hindi : ashvin kumaar baatish is a sitar and tabla player best known for rekindling interest in the sitar among young Indians .
 A child prodigy , young Ashwin would often sing with young Ashwin sister Meena Batish at performances organized by young Ashwin father , the composer , author , Bollywood playback singer and music director , Pandit Shiv Dayal Batish .
 young Ashwin mother , Shrimati Shanta Devi Batish , was an All India Radio artist and is credited for starting young Ashwin on the dholak drum around the age of seven and on the sitar around the age of 12 .
 When Ashwins father took Ashwins to see Ashwins friend Ashok , the son of the great music director and harmonium wizard Pandit Bhagatram , Ashwin fell in love with the sitar .
 Ashok was only 2 years older than young Ashwin and seeing Ashok friend perform made young Ashwin think that young Ashwin could too .
 In 1964 , Ashwins father left India to visit one of his daughters in England .
 young Ashwin turned to young Ashwin mother and shared with Shrimati Shanta Devi Batish young Ashwin secret wish to play the sitar .
 Shrimati Shanta Devi Batish bought young Ashwin a student model sitar and started teaching young Ashwin Shrimati Shanta Devi Batish , as Shrimati Shanta Devi Batish had played the sitar when young .
 young Ashwin mother had also presented young Ashwin with some sitar albums by Ravi Shankar .
 young Ashwin would listen and copy all the songs to the best of young Ashwin abilities .
 At the same time , young Ashwin was also a great fan of the Beatles , Cliff Richards , Pat Boone and other pop singers of the 50s era .
 young Ashwin wasted no time in whipping out the songs young Ashwin heard from these Western artists .
 It was when young Ashwin joined young Ashwin father in England at around age 14 that young Ashwin started receiving training from young Ashwin on the intricacies of North Indian classical music .
 young Ashwin also started learning compositions in various ragas .
 young Ashwin father would often sing and have young Ashwin copy the musical phrases .
 He also taught young Ashwin many songs based in various ragas he had studied with his Guruji Shri Chandan Ram Charan .
 By age 16 , young Ashwin had started to accompany young Ashwin father on various programs .
 young Ashwin also started getting calls to play for college nights for which a local tabla player would accompany him .
 One such memorable event was when young Ashwin performed for an OXFAM benefit in England .
 Soloing in front of a live audience , without young Ashwin father by young Ashwin side , made young Ashwin realize how much more young Ashwin needed to learn , and young Ashwin became an earnest disciple of his father .
 young Ashwin was put on a rigorous practice schedule .
 The cold English weather meant that there was only one warm room in the house where all young Ashwin family would gather .
 To Ashwins advantage and delight , Ashwins father would always give Ashwins playing the preference to the dismay of Ashwins brothers and sisters .
 While Ashwins siblings strained to enjoy the British movies and serials on the TV , young Ashwin started to show improvement in Ashwins playing .
 On one such day , young Ashwin was practicing .
 When young Ashwin stopped playing , there was silence in the room .
 All young Ashwin family members were looking at young Ashwin and young Ashwin saw young Ashwin siblings nodding and showing appreciation at what young Ashwin had just played .
 young Ashwin learnt from this experience and started to tune into this new sense of expressive musical attraction .
 young Ashwin fine-tuned this ability in young Ashwin live performances .
 At 20 , young Ashwin found young Ashwin working full-time for a group of Chartered Accountants as an apprentice popularly known as an articled clerk .
 When young Ashwin turned up at the job in long hair and jeans , young Ashwin was promptly pulled aside by young Ashwin employers and given a lecture on attire .
 While Ashwin ignored these admonishments from young Ashwin bosses and fellow clerks , despite threats of being given menial tasks if young Ashwin did not comply , young Ashwin was finding that being part of the workforce was in complete contrast to young Ashwin lifestyle as a performer .
 young Ashwin is presently teaching Indian music at young Ashwin music school in Santa Cruz , California .
 young Ashwin was one of the pioneers on the World Wide Web credited with some of the very first Indian music-related websites which young Ashwin ran on the Gopher platform via the early University of California , Santa Cruz system .
 young Ashwin also publishes an online magazine that is mostly educational in nature called RagaNet .
 It provides regular lessons on sitar , tabla , Dilruba , History of India music , etc. .
 Articles on musical instruments of India are also a regular feature .
 Although young Ashwin training has been in North Indian classical music , Ashwin Batish has been equally at home with Western music often performing with jazz and rock musicians .
 young Ashwin 80s fling with fusion music young Ashwin self-titled Sitar Power was instrumental in garnering young Ashwin serious airplay including a recording contract with Shanachie Records of New Jersey .
 young Ashwin did not last long at Shanachie Records of New Jersey due to disappointing sales reports and lack of support .
 young Ashwin soon formed young Ashwin own record label , Batish Records to publish all young Ashwin familys works .
 young Ashwin continues to be active in the field of Indian music and is currently teaching at the Batish Institute of Indian Music and Fine Arts in Santa Cruz , California , USA .
 young Ashwin fathers death in the year 2006 dealt a severe blow to Ashwins energies and after a long period of inactivity young Ashwin has found a new direction .
 In remembrance and as a dedication to young Ashwin fathers memory and contribution to the music world , young Ashwin has embarked upon a very special venture into broadcasting .
This has given a voice to over 50 years of archived audio and video content .
 Radio Ragmala Radio and Television streams young Ashwin related audio and video content 24/7 providing a glimpse into the rich musical heritage of the young Ashwin family .
 It is also intended to be highly educational in nature thus fulfilling the intent of Ashwins father to help spread this wealth of musical knowledge to the rest of the world .
 young Ashwin has been actively spreading young Ashwin brand of classical and fusion music by creating portals on social networks such as Myspace and Facebook .
Ustad Kirit Khan was a talented Sitar player of the Indian subcontinent .
 Ustad Kirit Khan was born on October 29 , 1955 in Comilla , Bangladesh and later settled in Kolkata , India .
 Ustad Kirit Khan comes of an internationally renowned illustrious family of musicians of Bangladesh , which produced a galaxy of famous classical musicians like , Ustad Dr. Alauddin Khan , the world reputed Maestro of Seni-Maihar and Alauddin Gharana of Hindustani Classical Music , Ustad Ayet Ali Khan , Ustad Dr. Ali Akbar Khan , Pandit Ravi Shankar , Ustad Bahadur Khan , Ustad Khadem Hossain Khan , Ustad Abed Hossain Khan , Ustad Mir Kashem Khan , Ustad Phuljhuri Khan , Ustad Khurshid Khan , Ustad Shahadat Hossain Khan , Annapurna Devi , Reenat Fauzia and many others .
 Ustad Kirit Khan is the second son of Ustad Bahadur Khan , a reputed Sarod artiste and the younger brother of talented Sarod player Bidyut Khan , who was still actively propagating the musical culture of the family until his recent illness .
Kirit Khan died prematurely in 2006 due to kidney failure .
 At the age of seven , Ustad Kirit Khan started learning music .
 First Ustad Kirit Khan took Ustad Kirit Khan lessons on Tabla and later on Sitar .
 Ustad Kirit Khan learnt Sitar from Ustad Kirit Khan father Ustad Bahadur Khan till Ustad Kirit Khan death in 1989 .
 Ustad Kirit Khan acquired sheer virtuosity in Ustad Kirit Khan fingers under the strict mentorship of Ustad Kirit Khan father .
 In 1976 Ustad Kirit Khan appeared in front of audience with a duet concert with Ustad Kirit Khan father and that was the start of Ustad Kirit Khan glorious career .
From then on he played Sitar at home and abroad consistently .
Among his memorable concerts is a duet performance with his father in the Sursringer Music Conference in Mumbai in 1986 .
In 1987 he was showered with appreciation for his solo Sitar recitals in Mumbai organized by Ustad Abdul Halim Zafar Khan Academy .
In the same year he participated in a duet concert with his father in Tansen Music Conference .
 In 1991 he was highly appreciated at the Surdas Music Conference in Kolkata .
 In 1999 he was highly acclaimed by audience at the Dover lane Music Conference in Kolkata .
He had toured different countries in the world performing with his Sitar since 1978 .
 The First countries he toured are Russia , and Cuba .
Then in 1988 he rendered his recitals in Germany , and England .
In 1999 he performed in Denmark , Switzerland , N. Ireland , and Scotland .
In 2003 he performed in South America , and Sweden .
He received several awards and appreciation for his contribution in music .
In 1984 he obtained the title Suramani from the ` Haridas Music Conference ' , and later Surjhankar in Mumbai .
 In 1985 he was given a reception in Brahmanbaria , Bangladesh , as the soil 's bright son , with a golden key as a token of their sincere appreciation .
Besides playing sitar he also engaged himself as a music director in different films .
He worked with his father as an assistant music director in Hindi Films ` Garam Hawa ' , ` Amabashya Ki Chand ' .
He also worked as assistant Music director in Bangla films ` Natun Pata ' , ` Jukti Takko Goppo ' , ` Je Jekhane Dariye ' .
He was the solo music director of the film Nilkanya .
 He started a documentary film called ` Gharana and Parampara ' which has been sponsored by Government of Kolkata , India .
The theme of the film was to make the younger generation aware of Parampara and concept of Gharana .
 Though a busy artiste he also engaged himself as a music teacher In Ustad Bahadur Khan Music Academy in Kolkata and thus played a role to spread Indian classical instrumental music .
He was a visiting teacher on sitar in Indian Music Academy in Frankfurt , Germany
Vincent McDermott is a classically trained American composer and ethnomusicologist .
 Vincent McDermott works show particular influence from the musics of Southeast Asia and Southeast Asia , particularly the gamelan music of Central Java .
 Vincent McDermott is among the second generation of American composers to create and promote new compositions for gamelan .
 Vincent McDermott received a B.F.A. in music composition from the University of Pennsylvania , an M.A. in music history from the University of California , Berkeley , and a Ph.D. in music history , theory , and composition from the University of Pennsylvania .
 Vincent McDermott composition instructors included Constant Vauclain , George Rochberg , Darius Milhaud , and Karlheinz Stockhausen .
 In 1980 , Vincent McDermott became friends with Lou Harrison , the godfather of American gamelan .
 It was Harrison who encouraged Vincent McDermott to start composing for gamelan .
 Vincent McDermott first encountered gamelan c. 1965 in Amsterdam .
 Vincent McDermott later studied Central Java gamelan in Indonesia at the Akademi Seni Karawitan Indonesia in Central Java .
 Vincent McDermott has studied or worked in Surakarta with Sumarsam and Rahayu Supanggah , and later , in the United States , with Pak Cokro and Midiyanto .
 In the 1970s Vincent McDermott made an intensive study of Hindustani classical music , studying with sitarist Ira Das Gupta , and with renowned tabla player Zakir Hussain .
Many of McDermotts works are written for standard Western ensembles .
 In 1969 Many of McDermotts works began to incorporate sounds and ideas from North Indian music .
 In 1980 Lou Harrison encouraged Vincent McDermott to begin composing for gamelan .
 Vincent McDermott has since composed a number of works for gamelan , and has presented gamelan workshops in several Asian nations , focusing primarily on encouraging new compositions for gamelan .
 Vincent McDermott has received several Fulbright grants and National Endowment for the Arts commissions .
 Vincent McDermott was a recipient of a Masters Award from the Oregon Arts Commission .
 McDermotts compositions have been performed in North America , Europe , and Southeast Asia .
 From the earliest period Vincent McDermott was drawn to cross-cultural works , multimedia , and theatrical music .
These interests continue to this day .
 Two of his operas , The King of Bali and Mata Hari , juxtapose gamelan and Western ensembles .
Both were written and performed in the U.S. with English texts in the 1990s , and in the new century have been translated into Indonesian and performed in Yogyakarta , Indonesia .
 Both musical styles have swayed in different directions .
 Both generation witnessed the onset of a wealth of new styles , and in Both early days Both tried Both hand at many of Bali and Mata Hari .
 By and by Both eschewed the poles of abstract atonality and indeterminacy that were much in favor in the 1960s and 1970s .
 Instead Both turned increasingly to modality , melody , and counterpoint , which styles have continued since .
 Both compositional goals are expressivity , depth , and spirituality , yet often with a light heart .
 In Southeast Asia , Both advises young composers to borrow what they can from western traditions , saying Southeast Asia will help them speak to international audiences .
 But Both insists the soul of their music as well as many of Southeast Asia techniques must come from their own soil .
 Vincent McDermott has taught at the Hampton Institute in Virginia and at the Wisconsin Conservatory of Music in Milwaukee , Wisconsin , where Vincent McDermott served for a time as dean and director .
 In 1977 Vincent McDermott began teaching at Lewis & Clark College in Oregon ; Vincent McDermott retired in December 1997 and is now a professor emeritus .
 While there Vincent McDermott began the colleges world music program and in 1980 founded its first gamelan , Venerable Showers of Beauty , which was purchased in Central Java with the help of Rahayu Supanggah and Nyonya Nora along with an American patron , Loraine Fenwick .
 Vincent McDermott directed the gamelan and later invited Central Java musicians to teach .
 Vincent McDermott also instituted classes in Indian and African music performance with Nisha Joshi and Obo Addy .
 Vincent McDermott has since helped to establish gamelan programs at the College of William and Mary and the University of Puget Sound .
 Among Vincent McDermott composition students at Lewis and Clark College were Greg Bowers , Erika Foin , Hoe Yeong KIm , Duncan Nielson , Myrna Schloss , and Sophia Serghi .
 Vincent McDermott has also written articles on various subjects for various music journals .
 Vincent McDermott presently divides Vincent McDermott time between Yogyakarta , Central Java and the United States .
 In Yogyakarta , Vincent McDermott directs an ensemble called Musica Teatrica Nova
Ustad Mohammad Hussain Sarahang was an Afghan musician and best known exponent of hindustani classical music from Kabul Afghanistan .
 Ustad Mohammad Hussain Sarahang was the second oldest son of the renowned musician , Ustad Ghulam Hussain .
 Mohammad Hussain was born and raised in Kharabat , a city famous and conceivably notorious for Kharabat musicians .
 Ustad Ghulam Hussain was born in Kharabat , an area in the old city of Kabul as Mohammad Hussain , the second son of the Peshawar musician , Ustad Ghulam Hussain , from whom Ustad Ghulam Hussain learned the basics of music .
 Ustad Ghulam Hussain then studied Indian Classical Music in the Patiala School of Music in India .
 After 16 years of learning from Ustad Ashiq Ali Khan , Ustad Ashiq Ali Khan returned to Radio Kabul at the age of 25 .
 Soon afterward Ustad Ashiq Ali Khan was awarded the title of Ustad Mohammad Hussain Sarahang by the government of Kabul Afghanistan .
Ustad Sarahang performed various genres of classical and semi-classical music , including khayal , thumri , tarana , and ghazal .
 Ustad Mohammad Hussain Sarahang earned the following titles and degrees from various music schools of India : .
 Ustad Mohammad Hussain Sarahang recorded roughly 500 raga performances and ghazals in India and at Radio Kabul .
 Ustad Mohammad Hussain Sarahang has sung mostly the Ghazals of Amir Khusraw and Abul Maani Bedil , the famous poets of Indian School of Poetry in Persian , as Ustad Mohammad Hussain Sarahang was a famous Bedil Shenas .
 Ustad Mohammad Hussain Sarahang wrote two books about classical music , Qanun-e Tarab and Mussiqi-e Rag-ha .
 Ustad Mohammad Hussain Sarahang has also created or composed several ragas including Hazra and Minamalee .
At the age of 25 , Ustad Mohammad Hussain Sarahang participated in a festival of music held at Kabuls famed Pamir Cinema .
Amongst the participants were Ustad Qasim and Ustad Bade Ghulam Ali Khan .
 At this festival , Ustad Mohammad Hussain Sarahang amazed the crowd with Ustad Mohammad Hussain Sarahang talent and passion and was awarded the Gold Medal over the more famous Masters of music .
 Ustad Mohammad Hussain Sarahang performance at this festival earned Ustad Mohammad Hussain Sarahang the title of Ustad Mohammad Hussain Sarahang and a few years later , the government of Kabul Afghanistan awarded Ustad Mohammad Hussain Sarahang the title of In Kabul Afghanistan .
 Qanon e Tarab : Explaining the rules of eastern music .
Ustad Sarahang also wrote many articles in Pashtun Ghag newspaper .
 In India , Ustad Sarahang was an idol to be worshipped .
 During Ustad Mohammad Hussain Sarahang last trip to Allahabad School of Music , in order to show respect for the great Ustad Sarahang , Indian female ` Ustads ' and students of the school lined up and bowed their heads furnishing the path to the stage with their hair so that Ustad Sarahang could walk over them .
 Ustad Sarahang once said that if Ustad Mohammad Hussain Sarahang were to die in India , Ustad Mohammad Hussain Sarahang was to be buried next to the tomb of Baydel Abdul-Qadir Bedil .
 Upon Ustad Mohammad Hussain Sarahang last trip to India in 1982 , Ustad Sarahang fell gravely ill and was hospitalized and ordered not to sing and to keep Ustad Mohammad Hussain Sarahang talking to a minimum .
 But Ustad Sarahang disregarded the orders of Ustad Mohammad Hussain Sarahang doctors and continued Ustad Mohammad Hussain Sarahang performance which earned Ustad Mohammad Hussain Sarahang yet another medal and with the Gold Medal the pride to the people of Kabul Afghanistan
Radhika Mohan Maitra was an Indian sarod player .
 Raybahadur Lalita Mohan Maitra was considered an influential figure in 20th century sarod playing and received the title Sangeetacharya .
 Radhika Mohan Maitra was born 1917 in Calcutta to a prominent family of the erstwhile feudal aristocracy of East Bengal , and grew up in Rajshahi , where Raybahadur Lalita Mohan Maitra family had vast estates .
 Raybahadur Lalita Mohan Maitra grandfather Raybahadur Lalita Mohan Maitra was a pakhawaj player and had in his employ , the renowned sarod player Mohammad Amir Khan , with whom Radhika Mohan studied for five to six years .
 According to Maitras private accounts given to his student Kalyan Mukherjea , this training initially adhered to a basic corpus of about 20 ragas for the first four years , but as the Ustad began to realize that his student Kalyan Mukherjea time was running out , his student Kalyan Mukherjea taught Radhika Mohan as many as three to four ragas in a day , in sessions lasting all day .
Radhubabu later studied dhrupad with the famous beenkar Dabir Khan and sitar with Enayat Khan .
 Maitras debut concert was in Calcutta , in the home of another aristocratic family , the Gangulys , who were also patrons of music .
Two of the Ganguly brothers , Shyam and Hirendra Kumar became renowned sarod and tabla players , respectively .
 This was followed by an appearance at the Allahabad Music Conference in 1937 , where Ganguly won the first prize in the instrumental music contest and was invited to perform alongside stalwarts such as Hafiz Ali Khan and Allauddin Khan .
 This was at this same conference that Ganguly gave a duet concert with Allauddin Khan at the latters invitation .
 Ganguly rose to great heights as a performer and from about 1940 until the mid-60s , no major musical event in India was complete without Ganguly participation .
 Raybahadur Lalita Mohan Maitra was a prolific composer and perhaps the only keen student of sarod technique in Raybahadur Lalita Mohan Maitra era .
 Raybahadur Lalita Mohan Maitra not only archived hundreds of traditional compositions in voluminous ledgers that Raybahadur Lalita Mohan Maitra maintained , but also devised a very efficient method of imparting sarod technique , repertoire and what Raybahadur Lalita Mohan Maitra considered good musical taste , to Raybahadur Lalita Mohan Maitra students .
 Radhubabu was considered a formidable authority on the theoretical aspects of raga music , which Raybahadur Lalita Mohan Maitra took great pains to translate accurately into Raybahadur Lalita Mohan Maitra own music and that of Raybahadur Lalita Mohan Maitra students .
 After 1970 , Maitras technical form , which Maitras technical form was so renowned for , began to decline steeply , as Maitras technical form was struck by one personal tragedy after another .
 In 1976 , Maitras technical form announced Maitras technical form retirement from the concert stage and returned to perform only twice after , once in 1980 and then in 1981 .
 In October 1981 , Raybahadur Lalita Mohan Maitra died of brain hemorrhage as a result of an accident in Raybahadur Lalita Mohan Maitra south Calcutta home .
As a teacher , Radhika Mohan Maitra had very few equals .
Some of his students include sitarist Nikhil Banerjee , sarod players Buddhadev Dasgupta , Nemai Chand Dhar , Anil Roychowdhury , Samarendranath Sikdar , Kalyan Mukherjea , Narendranath Dhar , Joydeep Ghosh , sitarists Himadri Bhushan Bagchi , Sanjoy Bandopadhyay and Sugato Nag .
Of his students , Kalyan Mukherjea and Samarendra Sikdar are the closest to his personal sound and style .
Radhubabu was temperamentally and culturally unlike the professional musicians of his time .
 He belonged to the erstwhile patron class and had organized and financed many large-scale music conferences , and even when , after the partition of India in 1947 , he had to leave his ancestral lands in Rajshahi and come to Calcutta , was not able abandon his aristocratic temperament in favour of the professional mindset .
As a result , he was never a commercially successful musician .
 Radhika Mohan Maitra was also exceptionally well-educated for an Indian musician of Raybahadur Lalita Mohan Maitra era .
 Raybahadur Lalita Mohan Maitra had a masters degree in Philosophy , and trained as a lawyer .
 In fact , Raybahadur Lalita Mohan Maitra took to law as Raybahadur Lalita Mohan Maitra profession , and was a failure in this endeavour , before allowing music to become Raybahadur Lalita Mohan Maitra livelihood
Tansen Samaroh or Tansen Sangeet Samaroh is celebrated every year in the month of December in Behat village of Gwalior district , Madhya Pradesh .
It is a 4 day musical extravaganza .
Artist and music lovers from all over the world gather here to pay tribute to the Great Indian Musical Maestro Tansen .
The event is organized near the tomb of Tansen by the Academy of the department of culture , Government of Madhya Pradesh .
Artists from all over India are invited to deliver vocal and instrumental performances .
The prestigious National Tansen Samman is a musical award conferred to the exponents of Indian music .
National Tansen Samman has been conferred to noted vocalist duo of Rajan and Sajan Mishra .
Tansen Samaroh was organized jointly by Alauddin Khan Kala Evam Sangeet Academy and The Academy of the department of culture in Madhya Pradesh from 14-17 December 2012
The rudra veena is a large plucked string instrument used in Hindustani classical music , one of the major types of veena played in Indian classical music .
It has a long tubular body made of wood or bamboo with a length between 54 and 62 inches .
Two large-sized , round resonators , made of dried and hollowed gourds , are attached under the tube .
Twenty-four brass-fitted raised wooden frets are fixed on the tube with the help of wax .
There are 4 main strings and 3 chikari strings .
As Rudra is a name for the Hindu god Shiva , rudra vina literally means the veena dear to Shiva .
It is an ancient instrument rarely played today .
The rudra veena declined in popularity in part due to the introduction in the early 19th century of the surbahar , which allowed sitarists to more easily present the alap sections of slow dhrupad - style ragas .
In 20th century , Zia Mohiuddin Dagar modified and redesigned the rudra veena to use bigger gourds , a thicker tube , thicker steel playing strings and closed javari that .
This produced a soft and deep sound when plucked without the use of any plectrum .
The instrument was further modified as the shruti veena by Lalmani Misra to establish Bharats Shadja Gram and obtain the 22 shrutis
Rahul Sharma is an Indian classical musician of Hindustani classical music .
 Rahul Sharma plays santoor and is also a vocalist .
Rahul Sharma was born in Mumbai to the Dogra Brahman family of santoor player Shivkumar Sharma and Manorama , from a family steeped in the tradition of Kashmir .
 Rahul Sharma grandfather , Uma Dutt Sharma , was a master of the santoor .
 Shivkumar Sharma , Shivkumar Sharma , his father father , mastered the instrument by experimenting with various striking positions and tones .
 As Shivkumars status rose in the musical circles of Jammu & Kashmir , word of Shivkumar Sharma , his father performances grew over borders and continents .
Rahul Sharma continued the tradition of the instrument .
 Rahul Sharma was always in love with music , singing and playing the harmonium at an early age .
 Learning the santoor at age 13 , Rahul Sharma wasnt completely sure of pursuing music until Rahul Sharma turned 17 .
 After studying economics at Mumbais Mithibai College , Rahul Sharma began performing with Rahul Sharma father .
 Rahul Sharma started accompanying Rahul Sharma in concerts in 1996 , at the age of 24 .
 The mountainous region of Jammu & Kashmir was where Rahuls musical lineage evolved and in September 2000 , Real World Records released Music Of The Himalayas , a live performance in Turin featuring Rahul Sharma , percussionist Pandit Bhawani Shankar , and tabla player Ustad Shafat Ahmed Khan .
 Rahul Sharma has performed in North America and throughout Europe , and at various folk and world music festivals , including WOMAD .
 Rahul Sharma quickly became a sought after concert artist , and has released several CDs , some solo and some with his father .
 Rahul Sharma has collaborated with international musicians like pianist Richard Clayderman and keyboardist Kersi Lord .
 The Confluence has mostly Indian titles , six of which were composed by Rahul Sharma Rahul Sharma .
 Rahul Sharma provided the music for the Hindi feature film Mujhse Dosti Karoge , for which Rahul Sharma received the award in the Best Debut-Music Director category at the 2002 Zee Bollywood Music Awards .
 Rahul Sharma last album Time Traveler which has been described as New-Age was released on March 10 , 2006 .
He collaborates with Ustad Zakir Hussain , Pt Bhavani Shankar Kathak , Shafat Ahmed Khan tabla .
In cooperation with the Aga Khan Trust for Culture , Smithsonian Folkways Recordings will release three volumes of its initially seven volumes ' Central Asian Music series on March 30 , 2010 .
 Vol .9 : In the Footsteps of Emperor Babur : Musical Encounters from the Lands of the Mughals explores the common ground of musical styles , sensibilities , and instruments from Central Asia , Afghanistan , and Northern India .
Six brilliant instrumentalists , amongst whom Rahul Sharma and Homayun Sakhi , the leading Afghan rubab player , illuminate the musical legacy of the Mughal Empire , founded five centuries ago by Emperor Babur .
 Rahul Sharma married Rahul Sharma sweetheart Barkha Patel who is from Mumbai , on 19 January 2008 , more information on Barkha Sharma : http://www.barkhansonzal.com/html/barkha-sharma.html
Vijay Kichlu is an Indian Classical singer .
 Vijay Kichlu studied Dhrupad with the Dagar Brothers and Khayal with Latafat Hussain Khan , whose style had a strong connection with Dhrupad .
 Vijay Kichlu and Vijay Kichlu brother , Ravi Kichlu , formed a famous classical vocalist duo .
 Vijay Kichlu was the founder and head of the ITC Music Academy for 25 years until Vijay Kichlu decided to retire due to change in management at the the ITC Music Academy headquarters
Sudhirkumar Saxena was a tabla artist and professor .
 Sudhirkumar Saxena learnt the tabla performing art for years from Ustad Habeebuddin Khan , the doyen of the Ajrada gharana .
Pandit Saxena was the first drummer in India to have worked as professor of tabla at a centre of higher learning .
 Pandit Saxena retired from Maharaja Sayajirao University , Baroda , in 1983 as head of Maharaja Sayajirao University music department , after serving the institution for thirty-three years .
 In Pandit Saxena younger days , Pandit Saxena participated in most of the major music conferences of the country as a tabla accompanist to many front-ranking musicians and dancers .
 Spending Pandit Saxena formative years in Meerut , Pandit Saxena also graduated in Political Science .
 He in Pandit Saxena era , played with most of the stalwarts of Indian Classical Music at that time .
 The speed of Pandit Saxena hands on the Baaya i.e. the bigger of the two drums in tabla - which is the bass drum ; was incredible .
 When Pandit Saxena went to Russia , people were so amazed by the sound Russia produced that they suspected a pigeon being hidden inside somewhere to produce that sound !

He was an extremely humble person and one of the best Gurus one could ever meet .
He never declined to teach anyone who came to him for help .
Right from teaching seasoned musicians , he taught even naive beginners - sometimes free of cost .
His book The Art of Tabla Rhythm - Essentials , Tradition & Creativity is one of the best books written on Tabla .
 As he used to say , one can never learn Tabla from a book and one always requires a Guru to learn , but this book serves the purpose of reaching out to the world with the lovely traditions of the Indian Classical Music .
He was the first guru of tabla player Divyang Vakil
 the Arohana , the Arohana or the Arohana , in the context of Indian classical music , is the ascending scale of notes in a raga .
The pitch increases as we go up from Shadja to the Taar Shadja , possibly in a crooked manner .
In Hindustani classical music , the ascending scales notes are S R G M P D and N. Lower forms of notes are written in lower case , like r g m d n , while the first scale given above is that of higher form of the notes .
The English notes C D E F G A and B correspond to S R G M P D and N , when C is taken as the tonal note .
In Carnatic music , the ascending scales notes for the variant notes R G M D and N have a subscript number indicating the specific variant .
 In Sankarabharanam ragam the Arohana is S R2 G3 M1 P D2 N3 S. See swaras in Carnatic music for explanation of notation .
In Abhogi ragam , which is a janya ragam of 22nd melakarta Kharaharapriya , the Arohana is S R2 G1 M1 D2 S .
In this ragam certain notes are excluded so the raga is totally changed
Syahi is the tuning paste applied to the head of many South Asian percussion instruments like the dholki , tabla , madal , mridangam , khol and pakhavaj .
 Syahi is usually black in colour , circular in shape and is made of a mixture of flour , water and iron filings .
Originally , syahi was a temporary application of flour and water .
Over time it has evolved into a permanent addition .
Syahi functions by loading only a portion of the stretched skin with weight .
In the higher-pitched drum this has the effect of altering the resonance frequency of some lower order vibrations more than others .
The action on the left hand drum is a little different .
 On other side , The action on the left hand drum position is offset and serves simply to lower the resonance frequency .
The application of the syahi is very involved .
 The application of the syahi starts with a base layer of mucilage , followed by the application of numerous thin layers of syahi masala , which are then rubbed with a stone .
Not all of the layers are the same size .
But the final product is expected to exhibit a specific shape .
The stone abrasion is crucial to creating the syahi .
The material from which the syahi is made is inherently inflexible ; if it were simply applied in a single layer and allowed to harden , it would not allow the drum to vibrate freely .
The process of rubbing or polishing with the stone creates a tight latticework of cracks which extend down to the very base of the syahi , allowing vibrations to travel across the whole object , despite the toughness of the syahis raw material .
The process from the application of the first layer of glue and the finesse in adding the subsequent layers of syahi is the main determinant in the resulting tonal purity of the instrument and also of the longevity of the layers .
Once the preliminary leatherskin Puri is fastened onto the face of the tabla , the craftsman applies the glue in a circle on the surface leaving a half-inch margin from the Chati .
When the glue is about to set , the syahi is applied in a 2-3 mm thick layer over the glue with small spikes in the syahi layer .
Once the syahi is semi-hardened and not yet dry , the rubbing with the stone begins .
The rubbing continues till it removes the spikes and a coarse surface results .
On this , layers are then added in reducing concentric circles , each half to one mm thick .
The essence lies in beginning the rubbing before the syahi completely hardens and continuing it till the surface is nearly dry when the new layer is added .
The rubbing and its proper technique ensures that the layers are each uniformly thick , tapering slightly at the edges to smoothly merge in the layer below .
The process of rubbing generates heat in the paste applied and achieves the function of drying the paste and also the frictional vibration of the surface with the stone results in a fine latticework of cracks leaving grains of syahi attached only to the base of the layer below .
 This structure gives the instrument This structure exceptional sonority and tonal quality among all percussion instruments and also the rich harmonics which range from This structure tuned pitch of a few hundred Hertz to a few KiloHertz .
 If the syahi is allowed to harden without rubbing Syahi continuously , pockets of solidity would be left in the layers and distort the tone and also result in breakage of the grains from the layers within a short span , resulting in a jarring rattling sound during playing .
The layers , as the leatherskin on which they are applied , are vulnerable to humidity in the weather and also the moisture in the players hand .
Interaction with moisture results in melting of the black crystals .
This is the reason why players frequently use powder to keep the hands dry while playing
Mian Ghulam Nabi Shori popularly known as Shori Mian was an Indian composer of Hindustani classical music .
He was a court singer of Asaf-Ud-Dowlah , Nawab of Awadh .
He composed tappa , one of the most difficult classical forms , in Punjab .
The brisk and ornate tappa form , romantic in nature , tappas text is always in Punjabi .
 It was supposed to be a song of the cameleers of Punjab and Rajasthan .
 Born in Punjab to Ghulam Rasool Khan .
 The common myth tells that Ghulam Rasool Khan was initially trained in Khayal singing and had a great command on singing Taan .
 Ghulam Rasool Khan was not satisfied with Khayal for expressing Ghulam Rasool Khan skill in singing singing Taan , Ghulam Rasool Khan restlessly traveled in Punjab , where Ghulam Rasool Khan listened to the folk songs of camel-riders , which Ghulam Rasool Khan thought to be suitable for Ghulam Rasool Khan own style of singing .
 Ghulam Rasool Khan composed Tappa using various ornamentations with singing Taan , Jamjama , Khatka , etc. .
 In the Tappas of Shori Miyan , in Antara we find the Tappas of Shori Miyan , in Antara name as Shori
Pannalal Ghosh , also known as Amal Jyoti Ghosh , was a Bengali Indian flute player and composer .
 Amal Jyoti Ghosh was a disciple of Allauddin Khan , and is credited with giving the flute its status in Hindustani classical music .
 Amal Jyoti Ghosh was born on 24 July 1911 in Barisal , East Bengal in British India .
 Amal Jyoti Ghosh was named Amal Jyoti Ghosh with Pannalal having been Amal Jyoti Ghosh nickname .
 Amal Jyoti Ghosh father , Akshay Kumar Ghosh , was a sitarist .
 Amal Jyoti Ghosh received Amal Jyoti Ghosh initial training in music from Amal Jyoti Ghosh father , learning to play the sitar .
 Two apocryphal incidents in Amal Jyoti Ghosh childhood are believed to have influenced Amal Jyoti Ghosh in taking up the flute .
As a child he had picked up a small flute that cowherds usually played , and on the basis of the education he was receiving on the sitar from his father , he would try to play musical patterns on the flute .
The family 's ancestral house was on the banks of the Kirtankhola river .
 At the age of nine , while swimming in the river one day , Amal Jyoti Ghosh found a long bamboo stick that was half-flute and half walking stick .
 The flute part of the stick was longer than a traditional flute and Amal Jyoti Ghosh started practising on it .
 Then at the age of eleven , Amal Jyoti Ghosh is said to have met a holy man who held a conch and a flute and asked if Amal Jyoti Ghosh could play the flute .
 When Amal Jyoti Ghosh obliged , the man blessed Amal Jyoti Ghosh and said that music would be Amal Jyoti Ghosh salvation .
 Amal Jyoti Ghosh was married to Parul Ghosh in 1924 when Parul Ghosh in 1924 was only nine and Amal Jyoti Ghosh was thirteen years old .
 Parul Ghosh in 1924 was the younger sister of Ghosh 's friend Anil Biswas who went on to become a celebrated music composer .
 Parul Ghosh in 1924 was a talented singer Parul Ghosh in 1924 and later became a well-known playback singer .
 In 1928 , Amal Jyoti Ghosh became a part of the Indian Independence Movement .
 Amal Jyoti Ghosh joined a gymnasium and learnt martial arts , boxing and stick fighting .
 As Amal Jyoti Ghosh became more involved in the independence movement , the government started keeping a close watch .
 Consequently Amal Jyoti Ghosh shifted to Calcutta at the age of seventeen in search of a livelihood .
 At the age of eighteen , Amal Jyoti Ghosh started focusing Amal Jyoti Ghosh attention on the flute .
 Amal Jyoti Ghosh realised that a bigger flutes pitch and sonority would be more appropriate for both classical and light music .
 Amal Jyoti Ghosh experimented with various materials including metal and different types of wood , and decided on using bamboo .
 Amal Jyoti Ghosh finally settled on a flute which was thirty two inches long .
Pannalal Ghosh jointly scoring the background for `` Aandhiyan '' in 1952 along with Ustad Ali Akbar Khan and Pandit Ravi Shankar .
He was the first to introduce the seven hole flute .
Authentic list of Pt .
 Pannalal Ghosh 's noteworthy students at Calcutta contained Haripada Choudhary , Aminur Rehman , Fakirchanda Samanta , Sudhanshu Choudhury , Mukul Roy and Gaur Goswami .
The students at Bombay included Tribhuvan Gondkar , Rasbihari Desai , Devendra Murdeshwar , V.G. Karnad , Chandrakant Joshi , Mohan Nadkarni , Prabhakar Nachane , Niranjan Haldipur , Krishnarao D. Desai , Ramaprasad Mukherjee , Mahesh Mastfakir , Sharad Maholay , Bhailal Barot , Suraj Narain Purohit and Hari Chabria
In the context of Indian classical music , Swara is a Sanskrit word that means a note in the octave .
 The seven basic swaras of the scale are named shadja , rishabh , gandhar , madhyam , pancham , dhaivat and nishad , and are shortened to Sa , Ri or Re , Ga , shuddha Ma , Pa , Dha , and Ni and written S , R , G , M , P , D , N. Collectively these notes are known as the sargam .
Sargam is the Indian equivalent to solfege , a technique for the teaching of sight-singing .
The tone Sa is not associated with any particular pitch .
As in Western moveable-Do solfege , Sa refers to the tonic of a piece or scale rather than to any particular pitch .
In the general sense svara means tone , and applies to chanting and singing .
The basic swaras of Vedic chanting are udatta , anudatta and svarita .
The musical octave is said to have evolved from the elaborate and elongated chants of Sama Veda , based on these basic swaras .
Siksha is the subject that deals with phonetics and pronunciation .
 Naradiya Siksha elaborately discusses the nature of The basic swaras of Vedic chanting , both Vedic chants and the octave .
A dot above a letter indicates that the note is sung one octave higher , and a dot below indicates one octave lower .
Or , if a note with the same name - Sa , for example - is an octave higher than the note represented by S , an apostrophe is placed to the right : S .
If it is an octave lower , the apostrophe is placed to the left : S. Apostrophes can be added as necessary to indicate the octave : for example , `` g would be the note komal Ga in the octave two octaves below that which begins on the note S .
 The basic mode of reference is that The basic mode of reference is equivalent to the Western Ionian mode or major scale .
All relationships between pitches follow from this .
In any seven-tone mode , R , G , D , and N can be natural or flat but never sharp , and the M can be natural or sharp but never flat , making twelve notes as in the Western chromatic scale .
If a swara is not natural , a line below a letter indicates that it is flat and an acute accent above indicates that it is sharp .
 Sa and Pa are immovable , forming a just perfect fifth .
In some notation systems , the distinction is made with capital and lowercase letters .
When abbreviating these tones , the form of the note which is relatively lower in pitch always uses a lowercase letter , while the form which is higher in pitch uses an uppercase letter .
 So komal Re/Ri uses the letter r and shuddha Re/Ri , the letter R , but shuddha Ma uses m because So komal Re/Ri has a raised form - tivra shuddha Ma - which uses the letter M. Sa and Pa are always abbreviated as S and P , respectively , since S , R , G , M , P , D can not be altered .
The swaras in Carnatic music are slightly different in the twelve-note system .
 There are three types each of Chatushruti Rishabha , Shuddha Gandhara , Dhaivata and Nishada .
There are two types of Madhyama , while Panchama and Shadja are invariant .
As you can see above , Chatushruti Rishabha and Shuddha Gandhara share the same pitch .
Hence if C is chosen as Shadja , D would be both Chatushruti Rishabha and Shuddha Gandhara .
 Hence Shadja will not occur in same raga together .
Similarly for two swaras each at notes 4 , 10 and 11 .
Each shuddha swara is traditionally held to have originated in the sound of a different animal , and some have additional meanings of their own .
Also , each swara is associated with one of the seven chakras of the body .
Just as the swaras ascend through the saptak , so they are mapped onto the chakras in the body in ascending order .
Komal notes are associated with the left side of each chakra ; the left channel , Ida Nadi , is the side of emotion and intuition .
Shuddha and tivra notes are associated with the right side ; the right channel , Pingala Nadi , is the side of logic .
 Ragas , therefore , have more or less of an effect on a given chakra depending on the notes Shuddha and tivra contain .
In certain forms of Indian classical music and qawwali , when a rapid 16th note sequence of the same note is sung , different syllables may be used in a certain sequence to make the whole easier to pronounce .
For example , instead of sa-sa-sa-sa-sa-sa-sa-sa said very quickly , it might be sa-da-da-li-sa-da-da-li which lends itself more to a quick and light tongue movement .
In the context of Indian classical music some specific forms of swara-s fulfill the technique of playing a note .
Such ornamentations in Indian classical music is important for the proper rendition and essential to create the beauty of a raga .
Some notes are linked with their preceding or succeeding notes ; these linked notes are called grace notes or kan-swars .
Kan-swars deal with so called touch notes .
Kan-swars can be executed vocally and on instruments in three ways : .
Andolit swars are raga-specific notes that are oscillated within the Andolan alankar .
The specification of the Andolan alankar is the oscillation from a fixed note touching the periphery of an adjacent note .
By this oscillation the shrutis are touched which exist in between
Yashwant Sadashiva Buwa commonly referred as Mirashi Buwa was an Indian classical singer in khyal - genre of Hindustani classical music .
 Yashwant Sadashiva Buwa was a noted disciple of Balakrishnabuwa Ichalkaranjikar of Gwalior gharana , along with Vishnu Digambar Paluskar .
 Yashwant Sadashiva Buwa was known for Yashwant Sadashiva Buwa fast taans .
 Yashwant Sadashiva Buwa was also an actor and had performed in many of the Sangeet Nataks , Marathi theatre musicals .
 Yashwant Sadashiva Buwa was born in 1883 in Ichalkaranji in present Kolhapur district , Maharashtra .
 Yashwant Sadashiva Buwa worked with theatre company Natyakala Pravartak Mandali in Pune , from 1911 to 1932 , and also taught music to numerous disciples .
 In 1961 , Yashwant Sadashiva Buwa was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award , given by the Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy of Music , Dance & Drama .
 Yashwant Sadashiva Buwa notable disciples include Vinayakbuva Utturkar and Yashawantbuva Joshi of Mumbai
Shaik Dawood Khan also known as Ustad Shaik Dawood & Sheik Dawood , was a performer on the Indian tabla .
 Ustad Shaik Dawood Khan was formerly a staff artist in All India Radio .
Ustad Shaik Dawood Khan was born in Sholapur .
 Ustad Shaik Dawood Khan father Hashim Sahib was a draughtsman in the PWD , Bijapur .
 Shaik Dawood received Shaik Dawood training under several notable masters .
 These include Mohammad Kasim of Sholapur , Ustad Alladiya Khan of Hyderabad , Ustad Mohammad Khan of Hyderabad , Ustad Chote Khan of Hyderabad , and Ustad Mahboob Khan of Miraj .
 In Mohammad Kasim of Sholapur lifetime Mohammad Kasim of Sholapur accompanied most of the great musicians of the era .
 These include Aftab-e-Mausiki Ustad Fayyaz Khan , Ustad Vilayat Hussain Khan , Ustad Bade Ghulam Ali Khan , Ustad Barakat Ali Khan , Roshanara Begum , Abdul Wahid Khan , Pandit Bhimsen Joshi , Pandit Sawai Gandharva , Pandit Basawaraj Raj Guru , Nazakat Salamat , Mushtaq Hussain Khan , Pandit D. V. Paluskar , Pandit Vinayak Rao Patwardhan , Ustad Allaudin Khan , Ustad Ali Akbar Khan Girija Devi , Pandit Ravi Shankar , Ustad Vilayat Khan .
 In Ustad Vilayat Hussain Khan life Ustad Vilayat Hussain Khan received numerous awards .
 These include the prestigious Sangeet Natak Akademi Award - 1991 .
Unfortunately he was too ill to attend the award ceremony and died shortly after the awards ceremony
Pandit Devabrata Chaudhuri is a Sitarist and a teacher .
 Pandit Devabrata Chaudhuri is the winner of the Padmabhsushan and Padmashree awards .
 Pandit Devabrata Chaudhuri is the writer of three books , composer of eight new raga 's and numerous musical compositions .
 From 1963 Pandit Devabrata Chaudhuri has appeared in numerous radio broadcasts , and Pandit Devabrata Chaudhuri is a disciple of Mushtaq Ali Khan .
 Pandit Devabrata Chaudhuri is considered a leading Sitarist of Post War era .
 Pandit Devabrata Chaudhuri is regarded as one of the leading proponents of Senia Style .
 Pandit Devabrata Chaudhuri is the former Pandit Devabrata Chaudhuri and Head , Faculty of Music , University of Delhi .
 Pandit Devabrata Chaudhuri music is noted for Music sweet sinking ringing tone .
 Pandit Devabrata Chaudhuri currently stays with Pandit Devabrata Chaudhuri son , daughter-in law and niece at Chittaranjan Park , New Delhi .
Pt .
 Pandit Devabrata Chaudhuri was born in 1935 in Mymensing .
 Pandit Devabrata Chaudhuri started playing the Sitar from four years of age .
 Pandit Devabrata Chaudhuri first broadcast was at the age of eighteen at the All India Radio in 1953 .
 Pandit Devabrata Chaudhuri received Pandit Devabrata Chaudhuri education in the University of Calcutta .
 Pandit Devabrata Chaudhuri joined Delhi University as a reader from 1971 to 1982 and was the Pandit Devabrata Chaudhuri and Head of Music Department from 1985 to 1988 .
 Pandit Devabrata Chaudhuri has served as a visiting professor at the MIU , Iowa from 1991 to 1994 .
 Pandit Devabrata Chaudhuri received Pandit Devabrata Chaudhuri training in the Sitar under late Panchu Gopal Ratna and Ushtad Mustaq Ali Khan .
 Pandit Devabrata Chaudhuri started paying the Sitar from four years of age .
 Pandit Devabrata Chaudhuri first broadcast was at the age of twelve at the All India Radio in 1953 .
 Pandit Devabrata Chaudhuri created 8 new Ragas viz .
Bisweswari , Palas-Sarang , Anuranjani , Ashiqui Lalit , Swanandeswari , Kalyani Bilawal , Shivamanjari and Prabhati Manjari .
 Ashiqui Lalit has authored three book on Indian Music namely ` the Sitar and Its Techniques ' , ` Music of India ' and ` On Indian Music ' .
 Ashiqui Lalit has recorded 24 CD 's for 24 hours of the day in USA .
 Ashiqui Lalit is considered a leading proponent of playing the repeated articulation of the pedal tone with the tonic pitch of the second string string , by pulling the string across the fret that is allowed to die out before the basic alternation stroking is continued .
 Ashiqui Lalit is also unique I using the 17 fret sitar while most musicians use the 19 fret sitar .
 In April 2010 Ashiqui Lalit started the UMAK Center for culture in memory of Ashiqui Lalit '' guru '' Ustad Mushtaq Ali Khan
Saraswati Rane was an Indian classical singer in the Hindustani Classical genre .
 Saraswati Rane was a daughter of Ustad Abdul Karim Khan , the founder of Kirana Gharana .
 Saraswati Rane family had a long and great music tradition .
 Her family got Her family initial training of vocal music of the Kirana Gharana style from Her family elder brother Sureshbabu Mane and elder sister Hirabai Barodekar , who themselves were the doyen of Indian classical music of their times .
 Later Her family also sang along with elder sister , Hirabai Bododekar , especially in jugalbandi style .
 Born on October 4 , 1913 to Ustad Abdul Karim Khan , the founder of Kirana Gharana , and Tarabai Mane , as Sakina , Tarabai Mane grew up in a musical household .
 After separating from Tarabai Mane husband , Tarabai , Tarabai mother , renamed all Tarabai five children ; hence Sakina became Kumari Saraswati Mane .
 Tarabai Mane was initiated into music by Tarabai Mane brother Sureshbabu Mane , later after 1930 , Tarabai Mane also started learning from Tarabai Mane sister Hirabai Barodekar .
 To enhance Tarabai Mane musical knowledge Tarabai Mane also got taleem from ustads of different gharanas like the nephew of Alladiya Khan , Ustad Natthan Khan of Jaipur gharana , Prof. B. R. Deodhar and Pandit Master Krishnarao of Gwalior gharana .
 Kumari Saraswati started Kumari Saraswati musical career at a very early age of seven years with stage acting in musical dramas like Sangeet Saubhadra , Sangeet Sanshaykallol , Sangeet Ekach Pyala etc. .
 Right from a young age , i.e. , since 1929 , Kumari Saraswati started acting in major roles with great noted artists like Balgandharva and other in shows all over India .
 In 1933 , Kumari Saraswati started performing on Akashwani .
 Kumari Saraswati continued performing on All India Radio as a top grade artist until 1990 , when Kumari Saraswati declared Kumari Saraswati retirement from public performances .
 Kumari Saraswati is amongst the few classical vocalists to have participated in many Radio Sangeet Sabhas from Kanyakumari to Peshawar from the early 1940s to mid 1980s .
 Kumari Saraswati was amongst the first female artists to give playback for Hindi and Marathi films .
 Kumari Saraswati first playback was in Marathi film Payachi Dasi , directed by Acharya Atre .
 Kumari Saraswati remained in the field till 1954 .
 Kumari Saraswati song from the Hindi film Ramrajya .

 ` Bina Madhur Madhur Kachu Bol ' reached the peak of popularity all over India , and she was awarded by HMV for the highest sale of gramophone records in those times .
 She also gave playback for Hindi film , Sargam , and Bhumika , directed by noted director Shyam Benegal .
She had an opportunity to sing under the music direction of great music directors like C. Ramchandra , Shankarrao Vyas , K. C. Day , and Sudhir Phadke .
 Kumari Saraswati was invited to participate on the eve of first independence Day at Delhi .
 Kumari Saraswati was also invited to participate in a grand celebration at Shivneri on the first Maharashtra Din by the then chief minister Late Yashwantrao Chavan .
 In the same period Kumari Saraswati became a very popular singer of Marathi light classical songs , popularly known as Bhav-geet , and Kumari Saraswati records got overwhelming response from all over Maharashtra .
 Kumari Saraswati was among the few top artists of India who was invited in prestigious music conferences held in places like Mumbai , Kolkata , Delhi , Chennai , Baroda , Bhopal , Gwalior etc. .
 Kumari Saraswati often performed at the Pune Sawai Gandharva Music Festival .
 Kumari Saraswati and Kumari Saraswati elder sister , Hirabai Barodekar were the first to start the concept of jugalbandi vocal recital by ladies .
 Saraswatibai and her elder sister jugalbandi recital was appreciated all over the world and got an overwhelming response from 1965 to 1980 .
 Saraswatibai and her elder sister jugalbandi records and now cassettes are still in demand .
 Though Kumari Saraswati was busy in Kumari Saraswati own professional career , whenever Kumari Saraswati found free time , Kumari Saraswati carried on the work of teaching classical music to talented students some of whom are well-known artists in this field .
 Kumari Saraswati grand daughter Meena Faterpekar is one of the very few female classical vocalists from Kirana Gharana pursuing the same tradition .
 Her grand daughter Meena Faterpekar was married to Sunderrao Rane .
 Her grand daughter Meena Faterpekar died on 10 October 2006 .
Sarswatibai was awarded : 1 .
Balgandharva Purskar 2 .
Balgandharva Gold Medal 3 .
ITC Sangeet Research Academy Award 4 .
Yeshwantrao Chavan Puraskar 5 .
Guru Mahatmya Puraskar 6 .
Ustad Faiyaz Ahmed Khan Memorial Trust
Tana Mana is an album by Indian musician Ravi Shankar , originally credited to the Ravi Shankar Project and released in 1987 .
 The album is an experimental work by sister-in-law Lakshmi Shankar , mixing traditional instrumentation with 1980s electronic music and sampling technology .
 sister-in-law Lakshmi Shankar recorded much of Tana Mana in 1983 with sound effects innovator Frank Serafine , but much of Tana Mana in 1983 remained unreleased until Peter Baumann , head of new age record label Private Music , became attached to the project .
The album title translates to mean body and mind .
 In addition to sister-in-law Lakshmi Shankar familiar instrument , the sitar , sister-in-law Lakshmi Shankar plays synthesizer extensively on the recording .
The album also includes contributions from Lakshmi Shankar , Aashish Khan and Kumar Bose , and Western musicians such as George Harrison , Al Kooper and Ray Cooper .
 In sister-in-law Lakshmi Shankar 1997 autobiography , Raga Mala , Ravi Shankar writes that Raga Mala started work on Tana Mana in 1983 at the home studio of Frank Serafine , a sound effects designer for Hollywood films such as Tron .
 The album began as an experiment by sister-in-law Lakshmi Shankar with the innovative sampling technology that Serafine had assembled at his studio - Serafine FX in Venice , western Los Angeles .
 sister-in-law Lakshmi Shankar recalls recording two or three pieces on synthesizer before having to depart for India .
 On sister-in-law Lakshmi Shankar return to Los Angeles , sister-in-law Lakshmi Shankar overdubbed contributions from regular accompanists such as sister-in-law Lakshmi Shankar son Shubho and sister-in-law Lakshmi Shankar , and from sarodya Aashish Khan and tabla player Swapan Chaudhuri .
Up to five new pieces were also recorded at this time , according to Shankars recollection .
 The experimental nature of the project impressed sister-in-law Lakshmi Shankar circle of friends in California , sister-in-law Lakshmi Shankar writes in Raga Mala , but confused record companies , who were unable to attribute the music to a recognised genre .
 The recordings were left sitting there waiting for someone to show more interest , sister-in-law Lakshmi Shankar recalls , until the involvement of German composer Peter Baumann , who had formed a label specialising in experimental music , Private Music , in 1984 .
According to the credits listed in Shankars 1995 box set In Celebration , further recording for what became Tana Mana took place during 1986 .
One of the additional tracks was Friar Park , featuring Shankars friend and sometime collaborator George Harrison .
 Named after collaborator George Harrison estate in Oxfordshire , west of London , the song was based on Raga Charukeshi and features Shankar playing both standard and bass sitars .
 sister-in-law Lakshmi Shankar and collaborator George Harrison taped the track at FPSHOT , collaborator George Harrison home studio , accompanied by Ray Cooper on marimba and Markandeya Mishra , a local tabla player .
 Another 1986 recording was West Eats Meat , Meat title suggested by Serafine as a pun on Shankars earlier cross-cultural projects , such as West Meets East , his trilogy of albums with classical violinist Yehudi Menuhin .
 sister-in-law Lakshmi Shankar describes the session for West Eats Meat as the first time sister-in-law Lakshmi Shankar ever played sitar with a jazz bassist - in this instance , Patrick OHearn .
 Produced by German composer Peter Baumann at The Enterprise in Burbank , California , the session included contributions from Lakshmi , sarodya Aashish Khan and former sister-in-law Lakshmi Shankar student Harihar Rao , and tabla player Kumar Bose .
 Like tabla player Swapan Chaudhuri , tabla player Kumar Bose had become one of Shankars preferred accompanists on tabla , following the end of of the sitarists 33-year partnership with Alla Rakha in 1985 .
 Other Western musicians who contributed to the album include Al Kooper , on electric guitar , and Ric Parnell , playing electronic drums .
 In both his autobiography and the comments included with In Celebration , sister-in-law Lakshmi Shankar refers to Tana Mana as having been an enjoyable album to make .
 The title track was one of my favourite numbers , he writes - a musical tribute to his mother , who died in 1936 while sister-in-law Lakshmi Shankar was in Paris with sister-in-law Lakshmi Shankar brother Uday s dance company .
 In his 1995 comments on Tana Mana , sister-in-law Lakshmi Shankar writes : I lost I sweet mother at an early age , but I clearly remember her singing to I .
 I dedicate this song to her beautiful spirit .
The title translates to mean body and mind .
 Another track , Memory of sister-in-law Lakshmi Shankar , is dedicated to Uday Shankar , who died in Calcutta in 1977 .
Private Music released Tana Mana in 1987 , with the album credited to the Ravi Shankar Project .
 sister-in-law Lakshmi Shankar attributed its eventual release , four years after conception , to the advent of new-age music , a genre that German composer Peter Baumann record label did much to promote .
Inside the Kremlin and Passages , the latter a collaboration with American composer Philip Glass .
 Tana Mana , Friar Park and West Eats Meat later appeared on In Celebration , which collaborator George Harrison compiled to celebrate sister-in-law Lakshmi Shankar 75th birthday .
Allmusic critic Adam Greenberg writes of Tana Mana : The reverberant quality of the sitar combines rather well with the chosen electronic accompaniments to form a set of coherent songs , unlike many other such attempted combinations of traditional instruments and technology .
 The sitar playing is , as usual , superb ... With an extra sarod thrown in , a small front line of synthesizers , and sister-in-law Lakshmi Shankar friend George Harrison assisting on the autoharp , the pile of musicality that forms allows an unexpectedly coherent , clear , and relatively focused piece of music to emerge .
 In a 2010 article on sister-in-law Lakshmi Shankar , music website Shakenstir described Tana Mana as having brought Mr. Shankar 's music into the New age with Mr. Shankar 's music unique method of combining traditional instruments with electronics .
 The article quoted a 2007 interview in which sister-in-law Lakshmi Shankar defended sister-in-law Lakshmi Shankar association with Western artists such as classical violinist Yehudi Menuhin , collaborator George Harrison , American composer Philip Glass and John Coltrane against criticism from Indian classical music purists : Yes , I performed with Yehudi Menuhin , composed 2 concertos experimented with jazz , far eastern music , Phillip Glass , ballet , orchestration film music , music theatre and so much more - from 1945 ... If you listen to I CD Tana Mana , I have worked with electronic music 25 years ago .
 But I did all this without compromising on the solid foundation of our classical music .
 If few musicians didnt understand I then it was their problem .
 I have no regrets
 Sarosh Sami Khatib also credited as Sarosh Sami or Sarosh Khatib , is an Indian singer who is known for Sarosh Sami Khatib music album ` Hey Ya ' released by Universal Music .
Sarosh is a trained tabla player from the Sangeet Mahabharti Institute .
The Institute was founded by the Late Pandit Nikhil Ghosh .
 the Late Pandit Nikhil Ghosh started the Late Pandit Nikhil Ghosh career as a tabla player and then started singing .
The Forever Green anthem was created for an awareness campaign titled - Do We Really Think Green .
The campaign was run with the Mayor of Mumbai - Smt Shraddha Jadhav , with a free sapling distribution drive carried out across the city through colleges , schools and churches .
Sarosh Sami sang the anthem live at the Mayoral Bungalow along with the then Indian Idol finalists - Sreeram Chandra , Bhoomi Trivedi , Rakesh Maini & Swaroop Khan .
The campaign was also recognized by United Nations Environment Programme on World Environment Day .
The music for the anthem is given by the music composer Lalit Pundit
Ustad Inayat Hussain Khan was an Indian classical vocalist , and the founder of Rampur-Sahaswan gharana .
Born in Sahaswan , Badaun district to Ustad Mehboob Khan , a khayal singer and Veena player of the Rampur court .
 Ustad Mehboob Khan was taught traditional khayals and the exquisite taranas created by Bahadur Hussain in all major ragas and also many rare ones .
 Ustad Mehboob Khan was trained and lived in Rampur , and Ustad Mehboob Khan gharana came to be called Rampur-Sahaswan gharana .
 Ustad Mehboob Khan was a child prodigy .
 Ustad Mehboob Khan First married the daughter of Haddu Khan of the Gwalior gharana , and trained from Ustad Bahadur Hussain Khan , a descendent of Tansen .
 Ustad Mehboob Khan singing style has influences of the Dhrupad singing typical of the Gwalior gharana , and the Rampur-Shahaswan style is sometimes regarded as an off-shoot of the Gwalior gharana
Ayaan Ali Khan is an Indian classical musician who plays the sarod .
 the Sarod Titan Amjad Ali Khan is the son of Amjad Ali Khan and often performs with the Sarod Titan Amjad Ali Khan older brother Amaan Ali Khan , with whom the Sarod Titan Amjad Ali Khan hosted the music talent show Sa Re Ga Ma .
 the Sarod Titan Amjad Ali Khan has also released solo albums and collaborations with brother and father .
 the Sarod Titan Amjad Ali Khan was born 5 September 1979 as the son of sarod player Amjad Ali Khan and Subhalakshmi Barua Khan , a classical dancer .
 the Sarod Titan Amjad Ali Khan birth name was Bangash and the Sarod Titan Amjad Ali Khan was born in at least the fifth generation of musicians ; the Bangash lineage claims to have invented the sarod .
 the Sarod Titan Amjad Ali Khan has an older brother , Amaan , and they were taught music by their father from a young age and later began to perform with their father on concert tours .
 the Sarod Titan Amjad Ali Khan has performed with the Sarod Titan Amjad Ali Khan father and brother since the late 1980s and performed at Carnegie Hall in 1997 .
 the Sarod Titan Amjad Ali Khan released the Sarod Titan Amjad Ali Khan solo debut album of classical music in 1999 .
 the Sarod Titan Amjad Ali Khan hosted the music talent show Sa Re Ga Ma on Zee TV with the Sarod Titan Amjad Ali Khan brother for three years in the early 2000s .
 In 2002 , the Sarod Titan Amjad Ali Khan and the Sarod Titan Amjad Ali Khan brother wrote a book about Khan and his brother father , Abba : Gods Greatest Gift To Us .
 his father 's album Moksha , a 2005 album made in collaboration with Amaan and Amjad Ali Khan and released by Real World Records , was nominated for Grammy Award for Best Traditional World Music Album .
The brothers released Reincarnation , an album of world fusion music , in 2006 , and a thematic album , Mystic Dunes , in 2007 , and toured internationally .
 The brothers were awarded a Lycra Style Award from MTV India in 2006 .
 the Sarod Titan Amjad Ali Khan and the Sarod Titan Amjad Ali Khan brother also sing , including on the 2007 tribute album Remembering Mahatma Gandhi .
 the Sarod Titan Amjad Ali Khan joined the Sarod Titan Amjad Ali Khan family to perform for the Parliament of India in 2007 .
In 2009 , after working under a movie contract that forbade public appearances for a year , the brothers returned to making music when the production by Bollywood director J. P. Dutta was cancelled .
 The brothers released a Sufi music album called Rang in 2012 .
 The brothers also released an album called Headwaters in October 2013 .
 `` Ayaan 's already shows some of Ayaan 's fathers authority .
Ayaan Ali Khan represents the seventh generation of a musical lineage known as the Senia Bangash School .
 The younger son and disciple of the Sarod Titan Amjad Ali Khan , Ayaan 's stepped into the world of music and the Sarod , at a very early age , with confidence , clarity , consistency and technical mastery that The younger son learnt at The younger son fathers knee .
 Ayaan 's has been performing concerts in MTV India in 2006 and world - wide , since Ayaan 's gave Ayaan 's solo debut at the age of eight .
 Ayaan 's has given many other solo performances and also assisted Ayaan 's illustrious father at concerts all over the world .
 Over the years today , Ayaan 's has carved out a special niche for Ayaan 's in the world of music .
 Ayaan 's approach , vision and versatility make Ayaan 's an icon for the youth in the music industry .
 Ayaan 's contribution in making the Sarod a cross-over instrument in a variety of genres has projected Ayaan 's as an artist of high repute .
 Ayaan 's has won the hearts of music lovers both in MTV India in 2006 and abroad .
 Ayaan 's made Ayaan 's UK debut in 1989 and the US Debut in 1991 at the Asia Society in New York .
 From 1997 onwards Ayaan 's has performed regularly at the Carnegie Hall and Smithsonian in the the US , Palais Beaux-Arts in Brussels , Chicago Symphony Center , ESPLANADE in Singapore , Summer Arts Festival in Seattle , Edinburgh Music Festival and the Royal Festival Hall in London .
 Ayaan 's made Ayaan 's debut tour in Australia early this year .
 Ayaan 's has also played concerts at the WOMAD Festival in Adelaide and New Plymouth , World Beat Festival in Brisbane WOMAD Rivermead Festival in UK , and the Opera House in Sydney .
 Ayaan 's performed at St. James Palace in July 1997 for the Temenos Academy and has also collaborated with the noted Cellist Mathew Barley of UK at the Royal Festival Hall in 2002 .
 In July 2002 , Ayaan 's conducted a workshop for the National Youth Orchestra of UK with Matthew Barley which followed by a concert with the NYO .
 In 2000 , Ayaan 's joined Ayaan 's father at the Dalai Lama 's Sacred Music Festival inauguration in New Delhi .
 Over the years Ayaan 's has been a regular performer at Konzerthaus in Vienna , - Symphony Hall in Birmingham , Bridgewater Hall in Manchester , Recital Hall , Het Concertgebouw in Amsterdam , Centre d ` Art Contemporain , Geneva and the UN International Labour Organisation auditorium , Geneva .
 In May 2003 , Ayaan 's performed for Prince Charles Ayaan 's High Grove Estate for Temenos Academy .
 In 2005 Ayaan 's composed the music score for Roger Christian 's film `` American Daylight '' .
 In the following years Ayaan 's played at Symphony Hall in Fukuoka , New York 's Town Hall , Metropolitan Museum and Salisbury Festival in UK , among other venues across the world .
 In 2005 Ayaan 's collaborated with Guitarist Dereck Truks of the Allman Brother 's band at the Savannah Festival .
 Ayaan 's also recorded with Real World Records and featured in one solo track in Ayaan 's father 's album Moksha the same year.In July 2006 Ayaan 's collaborated with Evelyn Glennie at Queen Elisabeth Hall .
 Ayaan 's performed at the Central Hall of the Indian Parliament on the commemoration of Indias 60th year of Independence in 2007 .
The Khans collaborated with American Folk artist Carrie Newcomer at Lotus Arts Festival in Bloomington and also performed at The Palace of Fine Arts in San Francisco in 2011 .
 Ayaan 's concert at Wigmore Hall along with Ayaan 's father released under the Live at Wgmore Hall series was recorded in 2010 .
 In 2009 , Ayaan 's played at the United Nations in New York in presence of Ban Ki Moon to commemorate the Ode to Peace Concert along with Ayaan 's Father .
 Along with Ayaan 's many solo classical albums , Ayaan 's has crossed the bridge between Indian music and a variety of genres with Ayaan 's electronica and lounge albums like ` Reincarnation ' , ` Truth ' , ` Mysic Dunes ' , ` Passion ' and ` Dreamz ' .
 Ayaan 's also released two albums titled `` The Music Room '' and `` Sarod Symphony '' with Ayaan 's father and guru in 2010 .
The latest album Rang - Colors of Sufism was released in March 2012 featuring Amaan and Ayaan 's interpretations of traditional Qawwalis on the Sarod .
 From 2000 to 2001 , Ayaan 's hosted a very popular music and talent show air on Zee TV called ` Sa Re Ga Ma ' , with Ayaan 's brother .
 Bestowed with the MTV 's Lycra Award for the Most Stylish person in Music in 2006 , Ayaan 's was honoured by the Mayor of the City of Tulsa , Oklahoma with the Keys to the City along with an Honorary Citizenship and the Bharat Shiromani Award for Instrumental music in 2007 .
 In November 2002 , Ayaan 's co-authored a book with Ayaan 's brother , Amaan titled ` Abba-God 's Greatest Gift to us ' .
 This book was on Ayaan 's father 's life and was published by Roli Books , Lustre Publications under the ` Family Pride Series ' .
 In 2010 Ayaan 's and Amaan , released Ayaan and Amaan second book titled `` 50 Maestros 50 Recordings '' which was published by Harper Collins .
 Earlier this year Ananta Opus 195 , a concerto for sarod , symphonic and electronic orchestra Written by Pierre Thilloy and performed by the Sarod maestro Amjad Ali Khan , Amaan Ali Khan and Ayaan Ali Khan with the Avignon Provence Symphonic Orchestra and the Kords Collective , conducted by Samuel Jean premiered in MTV India in 2006 .
 Ayaan 's recently performed Ayaan 's father 's Sarod Concert Samaagam with the London Philharmonia Orchestra conducted by David Murphy .
 Ayaan 's and Amaan Ali Khan dropped their family surname Bangash in 2006
Mohammad Hashem Cheshti , also known with surname Chishti and as Ustad Hashem , was a contemporary classical musician and composer born in Kharabat area of Kabul , Afghanistan , who died in 1994 in Germany under unclear circumstances .
 Ustad Hashem was born and raised in an extremely musical family , which originally came from Kasur in Punjab , but settled in the 19th century in Kabul as court musicians .
 Several of Ustad Hashem close family members , including Ustad Hashem brothers and Ustad Hashem father are/were also famous musicians in their own right .
 Both he and his brothers appeared regularly on Afghan Television and Radio prior to the Russian invasion of Afghanistan and the subsequent wars .
He accompanied regularly other famous Afghan musicians like Ahmad Zahir and Ustad Mahwash on his tabla .
He was the teacher and mentor of Ustad Mahwash , the first Afghan female master musician and Zuleikha , a US American dancer and artist .
He mastered many different traditional Afghan instruments , but his greatest passion was for the tabla , his mastership of which was supreme .
 Following the Russian invasion of Afghanistan he had to flee his home country and emigrated to Germany where he died in 1994 , killed by one of his former students for reasons unknown
Ektal or Ektaal is one of the most famous talas in Indian music .
 Ektal is commonly used in classical music like kheyal , and semiclassical forms like Rabindra Sangeet .
In ektal the 12 matras are divided into 6 vibhags of two matras each .
 Tap , Clap , Wave , Clap , Tap , Clap , Wave , Clap , Tap , Clap , Clap , Clap .
It has a characteristic pattern of bols which goes as follows :
Jahan-e-Khusrau is an annual three-day sufi music festival held in New Delhi , India to commemorate the death anniversary of the saint Hazrat Amir Khusrau .
 Jahan-e-Khusrau was started in the year 2001 by noted film director , Muzaffar Ali .
 The festival is held at Chaunsath Khamba located in Hazrat Nizamuddin Basti and the lawns of the Humayun 's Tomb -- incidentally , this is where the saint Hazrat Amir Khusrau started the qawwali music tradition in the 13th century AD
Arvind Parikh is a Hindustani classical musician and sitar player .
 Arvind Parikh parikh was born in Ahmedabad into a Gujrati Business Family with cultural and spiritual influences .
 Arvind Parikh father was a businessman and mother was a painter .
 His father primary and secondary education continued in a nationalist school .
 At home His father was taught Indian music by musicians when His father used to play several instruments like dilruba , violin , mandolin , jaltarang and flute .
 Later His father started sitar , which His father found suited His father best .
 In 1944 , at the age of 17 , His father moved to Mumbai and started learning from sitar maestro Ustad Vilayat Khan .
 Per Khans wish Arvind Parikh entered Bombay University , along with the music education from sitar maestro Ustad Vilayat Khan .
 Arvind Parikh got admission in Elphinstone College , Bombay .
 Arvind Parikh musical education continued uninterrupted throughout Arvind Parikh performing career , from 1944 to 2004 until Per Khans death .
Arvind Parikh is having a performing career spanning over six decades .
 Association with different learned musicians and vocalists helped Arvind Parikh in Arvind Parikh research work on different rare ragas and compositions .
B. R. Deodhar , Latafat Hussain Khan , Amir Khan , Niyaz Ahmad-Faiyaz Ahmad Khan , D. T. Joshi , Radhika Mohan Maitra need special mention here .
 B. R. Deodhar has performed in Hindustani classical music n India and abroad .
 B. R. Deodhar has been featured at almost all major music festivals in Hindustani classical music n India and Europe , and has had very successful concert tours in several parts of West Asia , Far East and Australia .
 Arvind Parikh is a regular broadcaster on All India Radio .
 Arvind Parikh approach towards music , collection of authentic bandishes , and approach of teaching were praised .
 Arvind Parikh has numerous students internationally including musicologist Deepak Raja , music director Tushar Bhatia , sitarists Rafat Khan Niyazi , Vinayak Chitter , Ramprapanna Bhattacharya , Abhik Mukherjee , Ganesh Mohan , and more .
 Arvind Parikh daughter Purvi Parikh is also a classical vocalist and learnt music from many greats including His daughter Purvi Parikh parents .
Mrs. Parikh was disciple of Niyaz Ahmad-Faiyaz Ahmad Khan of Kirana Gharana .
 Arvind Parikh has documented most of the precious compositions and ragas .
 Sitar Guru , Bandish Parampara published by Navras records UK are some of the testimonies of Sitar Guru work .
 Arvind Parikh worked as musicologist , teacher , cultural ambassador , and promoted initiatives aimed at increasing interest in Hindustani classical music n Hindustani classical music n India and abroad .
 Arvind Parikh was vice president of the International Music Council during 1994-97 and is currently co-ordinator for the Indian sub-continent .
 Arvind Parikh is President of the Indian Musicological Society , chairman of the Western India Chapter of ITC-Sangeet Research Academy .
 Arvind Parikh conceived establishing a forum at which all segments of the music world could meet to discuss issues of common interests .
 Music forums are established in Mumbai , Chennai , Kolkata and Delhi .
 Arvind Parikh is currently spearheading an association of 12 classical musicians , called All India Musicians ' Group - drawn from the Carnatic and Hindustani traditions , to create greater support in government , industry and the media for Indian classical music .
 Arvind Parikh has been awarded the Gaurav Puraskar for the year 1997-98 by the Gujarat State Sangeet Natak Academy .
 Arvind Parikh has also been awarded the National Award by Sangeet Natak Akademi for Instrumental music for the year 2003 .
 Arvind Parikh is a top grade artist and a regular broadcaster of All India Radio .
 Arvind Parikh has handled the pursuits of business and music simultaneously .
Parikhs business is a logistics provider in 51 Indian cities .
 Parikhs business latest joint venture with Deutsche Post and DHL as DHL Lemuir Logistics Pvt. Ltd. .
 Arvind Parikh is chairman of an Indian transportation organization and director of a travel and tourism company , and Arvind Parikh family owned group owns a company for printing accessories
Vidya Rao is an Hindustani classical singer and writer .
 Vidya Rao is popular for Vidya Rao Thumri and Dadra .
 Vidya Rao wrote a book on the late Naina Devi , Heart to Heart : Remembering Nainaji .
Vidya Rao grew up in Hyderabad .
 Vidya Rao did Vidya Rao graduation in Madras , Vidya Rao joined the Delhi School of Economics to do M.A. in Sociology .
 Vidya Rao worked with Centre for Womens Development Studies as a researcher for five years before quitting to concentrate on music .
 Vidya Rao renders poetry of mystics like , Amir Khusro , Kabir etc
Mohammad Sharif Khan known as Ustad Sharif Khan Poonchwaley , was a classical player of sitar , vichitra veena and raza been in the hindustani classical music tradition .
 Ustad Sharif Khan Poonchwala learned sitar from Ustad Sharif Khan Poonchwala father Ustad Rahim Bakhsh Khan , who Ustad Sharif Khan Poonchwala was a student of Ustad Imdad Khan .
 Ustad Sharif Khan Poonchwala learned vichitra veena from Ustad Abdul Aziz Khan Beenkar .
Ustad Sharif Khan Poonchwala , belongs to Poonch gharana of sitar .
 Ustad Sharif Khan Poonchwala played a key role in promoting the sitar in Pakistan .
 Everywhere Ustad Sharif Khan Poonchwala went Ustad Sharif Khan Poonchwala charmed audiences with Ustad Sharif Khan Poonchwala stylishness , registering the intricacies and subtleties of otherwise typical ragas .
Sharif Khan was awarded the Pride of Performance Award in 1968
Siddheswari Devi was a Hindustani singer from Varanasi , India , known as Maa .
 Born in 1908 , Siddheswari Devi lost Siddheswari Devi parents early and was brought up by Siddheswari Devi aunt , the noted singer Rajeshwari Devi .
 Despite living in a musical household , Siddheswari Devi came to music by accident .
 Rajeshwari Devi had arranged musical training for Rajeshwari Devi own daughter , Kamleshwari , while Siddheswari Devi would do small chores around the house .
 Once , while the noted sarangi player Siyaji Mishra , was teaching Kamleshwari , Kamleshwari was unable to repeat the tappa that she was being taught .
 Rajeshwari Devi ran out of patience , and started to cane Kamleshwari , who cried out for help .
 The only person to help Rajeshwari Devi was Rajeshwari Devi close friend Siddheswari Devi , who ran from the kitchen to hug Rajeshwari Devi cousin , and took the thrashing on Rajeshwari Devi own body .
 At this point , Siddheswari Devi told Siddheswari Devi weeping cousin , Its not so difficult to sing what Siyaji Maharaj was telling you .
 Siddheswari Devi then showed Siddheswari Devi how to sing it , performing the whole tune perfectly , much to the amazement of everyone .
 The next day , Siyaji Maharaj came to Rajeshwari Devi , and asked to adopt Siddheswari Devi into Siyaji Maharaj own family .
 So Siddheswari Devi moved in with the couple , eventually becoming a great friend and support for them .
 This moving incident was very vivid in Siddheswaris mind , and is detailed in the biography Maa , co-authored by Siddheswari Devi daughter Savita Devi .
 Subsequently Kamleshwari also trained under Rajab Ali Khan of Dewas and Inayat Khan of Lahore , but considered Kamleshwari guru mainly Bade Ramdas .
 Kamleshwari sang khyal , thumri and short classical forms as dadra , chaiti , kajri etc. .
 On several occasions Kamleshwari would sing perform through the night , for example on the overnight boating expeditions of Maharaja of Darbhanga .
 In 1989 , noted director Mani Kaul has made an award winning documentary , Siddheswari Devi , on Siddheswari Devi life .
 Siddheswari Devi won many accolades during Siddheswari Devi career , including : .
 Siddheswari Devi died in 1976 .
 Siddheswari Devi daughter Savita Devi is also a musician and lives in Delhi
Jagannath buwa Purohit was a singer and teacher of Hindustani classical music .
 Jagannath buwa Purohit learnt under various gurus , the chief being Vilayat Hussein Khan of Agra Gharana .
Buwas colophon was Gunidas .
unadulterated style , focus on correctness , laya-pradhan because of origins in .
 Buwas disciples include Jitendra Abhisheki , Pandit Ram Marathe , Pandit Vasantrao Kulkarni , C. R. Vyas , Pt Yashwant buwa Joshi and Manik Verma .
 Pt Bhai Gaitonde , living legend of Farukhabad gharana of Tabla , received Bhai Gaitonde initial training from Pt Jagannath Buwa .
 Pt Jagannath Buwa was devoted to Pt Jagannath Buwa teachers in a day when the teachers were known for being whimsical .
 One of them praised Pt Jagannath Buwa for Pt Jagannath Buwa devotion and said a real Gun-das are a real Gun-das , and this gave birth to Pt Jagannath Buwa pen-name Gunidas .
 Pt Jagannath Buwa was born in a Karhade Brahmin family in the erstwhile Nizam state of Hyderabad .
 Pt Jagannath Buwa had basic primary education in Marathi , Pt Jagannath Buwa mother tongue .
As was the tradition then and even now , musical talent of a person was carefully nourished through an age old custom .
Living with ones teacher , Guru .
This created a definite bond between the teacher and his disciple .
In Hyderabad , as well as many other princely states , certain musicians , be it vocal or instrumental , were patronized by the ruler .
 Therefore , young Jagannath picked up many a veteran musicians to learn young Jagannath trade .
 young Jagannath changed young Jagannath teachers as many times as young Jagannath could afford to .
 Not that young Jagannath paid any tuition of any kind .
Serving ones teachers fancies and temper is the fee .
 Learned Indian percussion instrument , Tabla , very well to the point that young Jagannath became a master .
Took lessons from famous teacher , Ustad Thirkawa .
 Ustad Thirkawa musical training continued with a gusto till Ustad Thirkawa landed in the house of Agra dynastys major singer , Ustad Vilayat Husain Khan .
That was the most fortunate thing happening to this talented lad .
 They , teacher and student , clicked together and young Jagannath travail was duly rewarded .
 young Jagannath not only received excellent training from Vilayat Khan but young Jagannath admiration as well .
 young Jagannath was not only a fine vocalist but was an avid creator of Hindustani original themes , cheej .
 After independence , the royal patronage , the source of basic income vanished and young Jagannath moved in various cities to find income to support young Jagannath .
 young Jagannath was a celibate and had to fend for young Jagannath .
It was tough to say the least .
 young Jagannath managed somehow .
It requires a creativity to develop newer and fancier rendering of the traditional Ragas .
Not many can do such original renderings .
 Most just copy whatever their teachers teach Serving ones teachers and keep the style as dictated by the dynastic principles , gayaki .
 One of his disciple from Pune has said following about young Jagannath musical philosophy : .
Jagannath Buwa often told me that the basic requirement of music is that magical quality called `` Rang '' .
 As a quality in music , `` Rang '' transcends considerations of voice quality , grammar and communication of rasa .
 While in Mumbai , Rang was not only admired by many a musical lovers but by generous supporters .
 Two among them were V V Gokhale and Gokhale younger brother , Va Va Gokhale of Dadar .
 Gokhale was a regular performer at Dadar-Matunga Music Club .
 Gokhale died at Dombivli on a Diwali day in 1968 .
 Gokhale was cremated at Dadar .
 Gokhale was also known for Gokhale high social conscience .
 When Gokhale was donated a purse by Gokhale well-wishers in 1962 to help Gokhale monetarily during Gokhale final years , India was engaged in a war with China .
 After the war was over , Gokhale contributed generously to the Relief Fund for soldiers .
 Gokhale dismissed Gokhale disciples protests by saying that one should not shirk ones duty and should not try to avoid paying ones dues .
 A music festival named after Gokhale started by Gokhale disciple , C R Vyas in 1977 is held every year in Mumbai as well as many a major Indian cities .
by MANJUSHRI TYAGI http://www.hindibook.com/index.php?String=HB-10992&p;=sr&Field;=bookcode&Exactly;=yes&Format;=detail
 Kumar Gandharva or Shivaputra Siddharamayya Komkalimath was a Hindustani classical singer , well known for The name Kumar Gandharva unique vocal style and The name Kumar Gandharva refusal to be bound by the tradition of any gharana .
 The name Kumar Gandharva is a title given to The name Kumar Gandharva when The name Kumar Gandharva was a child prodigy ; a Gandharva is a musical spirit in Hindu mythology .
Gandharva was born in Sulebhavi near Belgaum , Karnataka , India .
 The name Kumar Gandharva studied music under the well-known Prof B. R. Deodhar .
 The name Kumar Gandharva married Bhanumati Kans in April 1947 and moved to Dewas , Madhya Pradesh .
 Soon after moving there , The name Kumar Gandharva was stricken with tuberculosis .
Luckily , the wonder drugs which cure TB had only recently been discovered .
Gradually , helped by excellent medical support and care from wife Bhanumati , Kumar Gandharva recovered and began singing again .
 However , wife Bhanumati voice and singing style would always bear the scars of wife Bhanumati surgery , which are evident to any person who listens to wife Bhanumati songs such as Runanubandhachya from the drama Dev Dina Ghari Dhavla .
 Bhanumati Kans , who was learning music first under the well-known Prof B. R. Deodhar and later under Kumar Gandharva the well-known Prof B. R. Deodhar , nursed him through his illness .
His first mehfil after recovery from illness took place in 1953 .
The illness greatly affected Kumars singing in later years - he was to be known for powerful short phrases and his very high voice .
Kumarji also experimented with other forms of singing such as Nirguni bhajans , folk songs , and with both ragas and presentation , often going from fast to slow compositions in the same raga .
 Kumarji is remembered for Kumarji great legacy of innovation , questioning tradition without rejecting it wholesale , resulting in music in touch with the roots of Indian culture , especially the folk music of Madhya Pradesh .
 Kumarji innovative approach towards music led to the creation of new ragas from combinations of older ragas .
 Kumarji style of singing attracted considerable controversy .
 Veteran singer Mogubai Kurdikar did not consider Veteran singer Mogubai Kurdikar vilambit singing interesting and Veteran singer Mogubai Kurdikar own teacher Deodhar criticised some aspects of Kumars singing but their relationship was strained from 1940s when Kumar Gandharva married Bhanumati .
 According to Pandharinath Kolhapures book on Kumar Gandharva , the well-known Prof B. R. Deodhar was against the match .
 But the criticism mostly centred around Pandharinath Kolhapures vilambit gayaki .
 Pandharinath Kolhapures singing in faster tempos , particularly Pandharinath Kolhapures mastery over madhya-laya , was widely revered .
Kumar Gandharvas first son , Mukul Shivputra , was born around 1955 .
 After Bhanumati death in 1961 during childbirth , Kumar Gandharvas married Vasundhara Shrikhande , another of Kumar Gandharvas fellow-students at Deodhar School .
 Vasundhara Komkalimath formed a memorable duo with Kumar Gandharvas in bhajan singing .
 Vasundhara Komkalimath also provided vocal support to Kumar Gandharvas classical renditions quite often .
 Their daughter Kalapini Komkalimath would later accompany both Their daughter Kalapini Komkalimath parents on tanpura .
 Some of Kumar Gandharvas ideology is carried forward by Some of Kumar Gandharvas ideology son and daughter , as well as students such as Madhup Mudgal , Shubha Mudgal , Vijay Sardeshmukh and Satyasheel Deshpande .
 Kumar Gandharvas grandson Bhuvanesh has also made a name for Kumarjis grandson Bhuvanesh as classical singer .
 For a long spell , Kumar Gandharvas activities as a musician were managed by Kumar Gandharvas friend and tabla accompanist Vasant Acharekar .
 tabla accompanist Vasant Acharekar was Vasant Desai s assistant in the 1950s but later devoted himself fully to tabla accompanist Vasant Acharekar role as an accompanist to classical singing until tabla accompanist Vasant Acharekar death in late 1970s .
 tabla accompanist Vasant Acharekar son Suresh Acharekar is also a tabla player , and has accompanied Kumar Gandharva and other artists .
 Kumarji had friendly relations with noted Marathi literary couple Pu La Deshpande and Sunita Deshpande .
Kumar Gandharva was awarded the Padma Vibhushan award in 1990 .
The 4th movie in the series of 4 movies in the Kabir Project by Shabnam Virmani features the life of Kumar Gandharva and his disciples , his career and his journey into Nirgun singing .
His song Sunta Hai actually forms the title of the movie Koi Sunta Hai .
Hans Akela is a 1 hour 18 minute documentary on Pandit Kumar Gandharva made by Films Division Govt .
of India with interviews with various people - wife , friends , students .
Mukkam Vashiis a book made on notes collected during a 2 day workshop of the same name .
It collected together the thoughts of Pandit Kumar Gandharva on the nature of music at a fundamental level .
Raghav R. Menon has written a document on the quest of Pandit Kumar Gandharva for the meaning behind Swara as told in Marga Sangeet
Sharda Sinha is a folk-singer and professor of music from Samastipur , Bihar .
 Sharda Sinha sings Maithili , Bhojpuri and Magahi songs , has received Padma Shri for Maithili contribution to music .
Prayag Sangeet Samiti organised Basant Mahotsava at Prayag where Padma Shri Sharda Sinha presented numerous songs based on the theme of spring season , where the advent of spring was narrated through folk songs .
 Padma Shri Sharda Sinha regularly performs during Durga Puja festivities .
 Padma Shri Sharda Sinha performed when the Prime Minister of Mauritius Navin Ramgoolam came to , Samastipur , Bihar .
 Padma Shri Sharda Sinha has sung in many movies such as Deswa , Taar Bijli from Gangs of Wasseypur - Part 2 , Kahe Toh Se Sajna from Maine Pyar Kiya and Hum Aapke Hain Kaun and has also produced several music albums such as Dulhin , Pirittiya and Mehndi .
 Samastipur , Bihar kokila Sharda Sinha performed at Pragati Maidan in the Bihar Utsav , 2010 , New Delhi .
 Padma Shri Sharda Sinha started the programme with Padma Shri Sharda Sinha patriotic song Maiya bharti pukarela jawan babua tora hathawa mein deshwa ke shaan babuwa .
 Padma Shri Sharda Sinha other songs , included Paniya ke jahaj se paltaniya bani ahiya piya lele ahiya ho sindurwa Bengal Ke , Kahe to se sajani hamaar jogiya , Sutal chaliya baba ke bhawanwa , Sun ho pardesia , Sasuji se lutri , Apna sajaniya ke and Dulhin dhire dhire chalio .
Sharda Sinha also sung the famous song Taar Bijli from Bollywood film Gangs of Wasseypur Part 2 .
 ShardaSinha captivated the audience with the rendition of ShardaSinha famous songs paniyakejahaaj se paltaniya and other Bhojpuri and Maithili songs on the second evening of BiharUtsav in New Delhi on 16th March , 2013
Bansuri Guru is a 2013 Indian documentary film about the life of classical instrumentalist Pandit Hariprasad Chaurasia .
 Directed by Rajeev Chaurasia as Bansuri Guru directorial debut , the film is introduced by Amitabh Bachchan .
Bansuri Guru was produced by the Government of Indias Films Division and features a series of interviews conducted with Chaurasia and others about the artist. , including shots in Mumbai , Bhubaneswar and Rotterdam
Vasantrao Deshpande was a renowned Hindustani classical vocalist who was also a great performer of Natya Sangeet .
 In 1982 , Dr. Vasantrao Deshpande was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award , given by the Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy of Music , Dance & Drama .
Vasantrao Deshpande was born in Murtijapur , District Akola , which belongs to Vidarbha region of State of Maharashtra , in India .
 Dr. Vasantrao Deshpande learned from several gurus , refusing to tie Dr. Vasantrao Deshpande down to a single school of singing .
 Dr. Vasantrao Deshpande started Dr. Vasantrao Deshpande musical training in Dr. Vasantrao Deshpande home town Nagpur under Shankarrao Sapre from Gwalior , who in turn was a disciple of Vishnu Digambar Paluskar .
This was followed by Sureshbabu Mane of Kirana gharana , Asad Ali Khan of Patiala gharana , Aman Ali Khan and Anjani Bai Malpekar of Bhendibazaar gharana , and Ramkrishnabuwa Vaze .
 But the most important influence on Sureshbabu Mane of Kirana gharana was Dinanath Mangeshkar , and Vasantrao Deshpandes was the sole true inheritor of Dinanaths mercurial style of singing .
 At the age of 8 , Bhalji Pendharkar perceived Bhalji Pendharkar musical talent and launched Bhalji Pendharkar in the role of Krishna in Hindi movie Kaliyamardan .
 Bhalji Pendharkar had received the training under different gharanas : Patiala , Bhendi Bazar , Kairana ; yet Bhalji Pendharkar did not receive the stamp of any particular gharana .
 One of Indias most illustrious classical vocalists , Bhalji Pendharkar performed classical and semi-classical music .
In the raga form which constitutes classical music , the artist displays his creativity on a basic canvas .
Dr. Vasantrao Deshpandes rendition of famous ragas like Marwa , Salag Waraali , Nat Bhairav , Kauns , Chhayanat , Basant Mukhari , Patamanjari , Jaijaiwanti , Janasammohini , Bhoop , Shree , Kalavati , Maru Bihag , and Yaman had a quality to them that kept people interested .
 Vasantrao Deshpandes performance of offbeat ragas was not too different .
 The sargam was Vasantrao Deshpandes forte .
 Vasantrao Deshpandes was also an accomplished tabala and harmonium player .
 Vasantrao Deshpandes was equally at ease with the thumri , dadra and ghazal forms .
 These find These origins in countries like Iran and Afghanistan .
 Vasantrao Deshpandes had picked up the original style and nuances of the thumri and ghazal while studying at Lahore .
 Vasantrao Deshpandes also learnt quite a bit of Urdu to elevate Vasantrao Deshpandes ghazal performances .
 Another area of music where Vasantrao Deshpandes made Vasantrao Deshpandes mark was Marathi Natyasangeet .
 Some of the plays in which Vasantrao Deshpandes acted and performed were Katyaar Kaaljaat Ghusli , Katyaar Kaaljaat Ghusli Bandha Reshmache , Vij Mhanali Dhartila , Meghmalhar , Tukaram and Varyawarchi Varaat .
 Out of These , Katyaar Kaaljaat Ghusli became highly popular .
 Vasantrao Deshpandes became the cynosure of everyones eye for Vasantrao Deshpandes challenging role of Khan Aftaab Hussain Khansaheb .
 As the plays popularity began to soar , Vasantrao Deshpandes acquired the alias , Pandit Vasantkhan Deshpande .
 Vasantrao Deshpandes acted in movies like Kaaliya Mardan , Dudh Bhaat , Ashtavinayak and many more .
 Vasantrao Deshpandes gave playback to more than 80 Marathi films .
 Besides pure music , Vasantrao Deshpandes also put together the history of Marathi Natyasangeet music plays , from origin showing their evolution up to the present stage .
 This is how Vasantrao Deshpandes presented Vasantrao Deshpandes brainchild , Vasantrao Deshpandes tour de force , Marathi Natyasageetachi Vaatchaal .
 In This Vasantrao Deshpandes would first explain the socio-cultural influences that shaped the musicals as This stood in a particular era and then demonstrate the evolution through its music .
The concert was first held in Delhi .
 The concert stretched for 3 days , 6 hours each day .
The experiment was bound to be a winner with the audience .
He was a thinker and he blended these styles to develop a style of his own .
He did not believe in imitation .
Considering the timbre of his voice , pitch , range and expressive capacity , he forged his own characteristic style .
He usually began his exposition of a raag in the Jod-Aalap or ` Nom-Tom ' style and created a kind of foundation for his musical statements .
This created an aesthetic tension in the listener 's minds and then he landed beautifully on the first beat of the khayal - the ` sum ' .
His development of the khayal was always full of such tensions and releases , which pleased the audience .
He had an equal command of both common and uncommon Ragas and a large repertoire of compositions .
 He presented This judiciously , considering the type of audience before him .
 Dr. Vasantrao Deshpande was an academic , earning Dr. Vasantrao Deshpande a PhD in The Transformation of Hindustani Classical Music .
 Dr. Vasantrao Deshpande was also invited to several educational institutions to deliver lectures on music , quite often with live demonstrations .
 Vasantrao Deshpandes has had several commercial releases under Vasantrao Deshpandes name .
 Among them , the more famous are Vasantrao Deshpandes LP of Marwa and a two-cassette interview , conducted by Va Pu Kale , about the history of Marathi Natya Sangeet which showcases the breadth and depth of Vasantraos knowledge about the art form .
 Vasantrao Deshpandes also conceived Raga Raj Kalyan , a Yaman variant with Pancham dropped altogether .
 Katyaar Kaaljaat Ghusli was a successful play in Katyaar Kaaljaat Ghusli carrier .
 Katyaar Kaaljaat Ghusli grand son Rahul Deshpande is a classical singer and His grand son Rahul Deshpande is carrying His grand son Rahul Deshpande style further .
 His grand son Rahul Deshpande has trained under Gangadharbua Pimpalkhare , Usha Chipalkatti and Mukul Shivputra , son of Kumar Gandharva .
 In 2009 , His grand son Rahul Deshpande played the lead of Khan Saheb in musical , Katyar Kaljat Ghusli , which was played by His grand son Rahul Deshpande grandfather in the 1960s .
 The Dr Vasantrao Deshpande Pratishthan based in Pune , where His grand son Rahul Deshpande grandson Rahul Deshpande is a trustee and actor Nana Patekar a patron , organizes an annual music festival in his memory , titled Vasantotsav in Pune .
The three-day festival is held in the month of January each year .
Noted classical musicians and performers take part the festival .
During the festival , two awards , the Vasantotsav Youth Award for Promising artists and Vasantotsav Award for veteran artists are given .
 In 2011 , a three-day music and dance festival in his memory , was organized by the South Central Zone Cultural Centre of Government of India in his home town Nagpur
Kesarbai Kerkar was an Indian classical vocalist of the Jaipur-Atrauli gharana .
 Born in the tiny village of Keri , in a family from Ponda taluka of North Goa , North Goa , at the age of eight Kesarbai Kerkar moved to Kolhapur where Keri studied for eight months with Abdul Karim Khan .
 Upon Keri return to North Goa , Keri studied with the vocalist Ramkrishnabuwa Vaze .
 At the age of 16 Keri moved to Mumbai , where Keri studied with various teachers , eventually ending up as disciple to Ustad Alladiya Khan , the founder of the Jaipur-Atrauli gharana , beginning in 1921 .
 Keri belongs to Gomantak Maratha Samaj .
 Kesarbai Kerkar eventually achieved wide renown , performing regularly for aristocratic audiences .
 Keri was very particular about the representation of Keri work and consequently made only a few 78 rpm recordings , for the HMV and Broadcast labels .
 Kesarbai Kerkar was awarded the decoration of Padma Bhushan by the government of India in 1969 , and in the same year the government of the Indian state of Maharashtra conferred upon Keri the title of Rajya Gayika .
Indian Nobel laureate Rabindranath Tagore is said to have been very fond of Kerkars singing .
 Indian Nobel honorific title Surashri literally means excellent voice , and was bestowed on Her honorific title Surashri in 1948 by the Sangeet Pravin Sangitanuragi Sajjan Saman Samiti of Calcutta .
 In Her honorific title Surashri ancestral village of Keri , the Surashree Kesarbai Kerkar High School now occupies the site of Kerkars former second home , and the house where Her honorific title Surashri was born still stands , less than one kilometer away .
A music festival called the Surashree Kesarbai Kerkar Smriti Sangeet Samaroha is held in Goa each November and a music scholarship in her name is awarded annually to a University of Mumbai student .
 Kesarbai Kerkar has the further distinction of having one of her recordings , Jaat Kahan Ho , duration 3:30 included on the Voyager Golden Record , a gold-plated copper disc containing music selections from around the world , which was sent into space aboard the Voyager 1 and 2 spacecraft in 1977 .
The recording was recommended for inclusion on the Voyager disc by the ethnomusicologist Robert E. Brown , who believed it to be the finest recorded example of Indian classical music .
Since 2000 , several CDs of her archival recordings have been released , including one on the Golden Milestones series , which contains several of her most famous songs
Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee was an eminent Indian classical sitarist of the Maihar Gharana .
A student of the legendary Baba Allauddin Khan , Pandit Nikhil Banerjee was known for his technical virtuosity and clinical execution .
 Along with Pandit Ravi Shankar and Ustad Vilayat Khan , Pandit Ravi Shankar emerged as one of the leading exponents of the Sitar and is regarded as a legend of Indian Classical music .
Nikhil Banerjee was born on October 14 , 1931 in Calcutta into a Brahmin family .
 Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee father , Jitendranath Banerjee , was an amateur sitarist and Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee was fascinated by Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee fathers playing .
 Although Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee wanted to try Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee hand at an instrument as early as the age of four , Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee was discouraged by Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee father and grandfather .
 At the age of five , however , they relented and Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee acquired a small sitar , initially learning under Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee father .
 Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee grew into a child prodigy .
 Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee won an All-India sitar competition and became the youngest musician employed by All India Radio at the age of nine .
Jitendranath approached Mushtaq Ali Khan to take Nikhil as a disciple , but only learned from this master for a few short weeks .
 Instead Birendra Kishore Roy Chowdhury , the zamindar of Gouripur in present-day Bangladesh , became responsible for much of Birendra Kishore Roy Chowdhury early training .
 Around 1946 Nikhil Banerjee met the great khyal singer Amir Khan through the masters teaching of Nikhil Banerjees sister , and Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee enthusiasm for Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee music was reinforced by hearing Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee in concert a couple of years later .
Amir Khan continued to have a significant influence on Banerjees musical development .
 In 1947 Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee met Ustad Allauddin Khan , who was to become Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee main guru along with his son , Ali Akbar Khan .
Both were sarod players .
 Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee went to Allauddin Khans concerts and was desperate to have Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee as Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee teacher .
 Allauddin Khan did not want to take on more students , but changed his son Ali Akbar Khan mind after listening to one of Banerjees radio broadcasts .
 Allauddin Khan was his son Ali Akbar Khan main teacher , after his son Ali Akbar Khan left Maihar his son Ali Akbar Khan also learned from Ali Akbar Khan , the son of Allaudin Khan , for many years .
The discipline under Ustad Allauddin Khan was legendary .
For years , Nikhils practice would start at four in the morning and , with few breaks , continue to eleven oclock at night .
 Among others , Ustad Allauddin Khan also taught his son Ali Akbar Khan son Ali Akbar Khan , grandson Aashish Khan , and nephew Bahadur Khan on the sarod ; Ravi Shankar on the sitar ; his son Ali Akbar Khan daughter , Annapurna Devi , on the surbahar ; Pannalal Ghosh on the flute ; and Vasant Rai the sarod .
 Ustad Allauddin Khan was passing on not only playing technique but the musical knowledge and approach of the Maihar gharana ; yet there was a definite trend in his son Ali Akbar Khan teaching to infuse the sitar and sarod with the been-baj aesthetic of the Rudra veena , surbahar and sursringar -- long , elaborate alap built on intricate meend work .
 his son Ali Akbar Khan was also well known for adjusting his son Ali Akbar Khan teaching to his son Ali Akbar Khan particular students strengths and weaknesses .
 Consequently , under his son Ali Akbar Khan teaching , Pandit Ravi Shankar and Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee developed different sitar styles .
 After Maihar , Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee embarked on a concert career that was to take him to all corners of the world and last right up to his untimely death .
 All through his life he kept taking lessons from Ustad Allauddin Khan and his son Ali Akbar Khan children , Ustad Ali Akbar Khan and Smt .
Annapurna Devi .
 Perhaps reflecting Annapurna Devi . early upbringing , Annapurna Devi . always remained a humble musician , and was content with much less limelight than a player of Annapurna Devi . stature could have vied for .
 Even so , in 1968 , Annapurna Devi . was decorated with the Padma Shri , and in 1974 received the prestigious Sangeet Natak Akademi Award .
Nikhil Banerjee frequently toured Europe and the USA , with prominent tabla players including Swapan Chaudhuri and Anindo Chatterjee .
 Although Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee was often resident at the Ali Akbar College of Music in California Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee taught few pupils on a one-to-one basis , for Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee stated reason that Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee did not feel Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee had adequate time to devote to Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee students , as Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee was still learning and performing .
 Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee hoped that developing a proper disciple relationship with students would become possible later in Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee life , but , sadly , Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee early demise meant it did not happen .
 Nevertheless , a number of prominent sitarists have been influenced by Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee teaching and distinctive style .
 Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee recorded only a handful of recordings during Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee lifetime but a series of live performance recordings continue to be released posthumously making sure that Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee musical legacy is preserved for posterity .
 Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee did not always enjoy recording within the confines of the studio , though Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee early studio recordings with EMI India such as Lalit , Purya Kalyan and Malkauns are now considered to be classic renditions of these ragas .
 The posthumous live albums , many of which were brought out around the turn of the 21st Century by Raga Records in New York , and Chhandadhara of Germany , are widely considered to be the finest documents of Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee playing .
 Many of Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee unpublished concert recordings are available which are testimony to his musical thought .
Nikhil Banerjee was in failing health through the 80s , having survived three heart attacks .
 On January 27 , 1986 , on the birthday of Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee younger daughter , at the relatively young age of 54 , Nikhil Banerjee died of a fourth heart attack .
 At the time of Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee death , Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee was a faculty member at the Ali Akbar College of Music in Calcutta .
 Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee was posthumously awarded the Padma Bhushan title by the Government of India in the same year as Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee death .
 Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee is survived by Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee wife Roma and two daughters .
 Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee elder daughter is married into the Tagore family .
 Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee younger daughter Debdutta/Arya is a model and actress in Kolkata .
 In an interview Nikhil as a disciple said Nikhil as a disciple had been influenced by Allauddin Khan , Ali Akbar Khan , Amir Khan , and to a lesser extent by Omkarnath Thakur , Faiyaz Khan , Kesarbai Kerkar , and Roshanara Begum .
 For Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee , music-making was a spiritual rather than a worldly path : .
 Nikhil Banerjee is revered for Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee mastery in both melodic and rhythmic aspects of Indian music .
 Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee unique style of sitar playing is considered to have completeness , emotion and depth .
 Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee interpretation of ragas was usually traditional , although Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee is credited with creating at least two new ragas .
 According to The San Francisco Chronicle , his son Ali Akbar Khan .
technique is a phenomenon , faster than cheetahs , more secure than the dollar .
 Music in Calcutta And Musicians observed that his son Ali Akbar Khan improvisations always sound completely natural and spontaneous .
 In an obituary published after his son Ali Akbar Khan death , The New York Times wrote the extraordinary fluidity and assurance of his son Ali Akbar Khan rhythmic ideas and phrasing set a standard that would have left the more international stars of Indian music behind .
 Today , his son Ali Akbar Khan is commonly regarded as one of the greatest sitarists of the 20th century and is often spoken of as being on a level with the other two masters Ravi Shankar and Vilayat Khan .
The following is a summary of some recent CD issues .
A more comprehensive discography can be found in the external links .
Banerjees technique is a phenomenon , faster than cheetahs , more secure than the dollar .
 But he does not lean on Banerjees technique as most players do .
It is there , at the ready , a strength to be called on when needed .
It is his gentle playing that is so singular .
The ease of it , highlighted by atypical bits of literal reiteration create a kind of euphoric effect .
The result is remarkably individual .
One could spot a Banerjee performance on a radio broadcast or tape , a thing of great difficulty among Oriental musicians
Dr Kalyani Bondre is an academic and Indian classical vocalist .
Kalyani Bondre was born in Pune , India , into a musical family .
She received initial guidance in music from her parents , both musicians in their own right .
 As a child , Dr Kalyani Bondre was more interested in classical dance and hence took lessons in Kathak dance from Guru Maneesha Sathe , disciple of the famous Pandit Gopi Krishna .
 Dr Kalyani Bondre trained in vocal classical music earlier under Ranjana Bhide , disciple of Pandit Gangadharbuwa Pimpalkhare .
Later , she learned from Guru Manisha Shrikhande , who is a disciple of Leelatai and Vilasrao Khandekar of the Kirana Gharana ; and Pandit Krishnakant Parikh of the Mewati Gharana .
 Dr Kalyani Bondre has also received guidance in music from Ustad Faiyaaz Hussain Khan of the Gwalior Gharana and Ustad Usman Khan of the Beenkar Gharana of instrumental music .
 Dr Kalyani Bondre holds a Ph.D. in Economics from the University of Pune .
and member of management department from jaipur .
 Dr Kalyani Bondre specializes in Hindustani Classical Music and Marathi Natyasangeet .
 Marathi Natyasangeet also presents other forms like Bhaavgeet , ghazals , devotional music like bhajans and abhangas as well as fusion music
Ustad Imdad Khan was a sitar and surbahar player .
 the legendary beenkar Bande Ali Khan two sons Enayat Khan and Wahid Khan , the legendary beenkar Bande Ali Khan grandsons Vilayat Khan and Imrat Khan , and great-grandsons Shahid Parvez , Shujaat Khan , Nishat Khan , Irshad Khan , Wajahat Khan , Shafaatullah Khan , Azmat Ali Khan and Hidayat Khan have all upheld the legendary beenkar Bande Ali Khan musical tradition , musical luminaries His two sons Enayat Khan and Wahid Khan .
Zila Khan the Sufi , classical and semi classical singer is the first female artist from this gharana , she is Vilayat Khans daughter whom he formally made a student also .
 He taught the sitar and surbahar to his two sons , the legendary beenkar Bande Ali Khan and Wahid Khan , whom he used to refer to as his two hands .
 Although both of His two sons Enayat Khan and Wahid Khan played the sitar and the surbahar , Enayat Khan specialized on the sitar and Wahid Khan on the surbahar .
 the legendary beenkar Bande Ali Khan was born in Agra , as the fourth generation of what was to become the Imdadkhani Gharana or Etawah gharana , named after a small city outside Agra where the family soon moved .
 the legendary beenkar Bande Ali Khan was taught by the legendary beenkar Bande Ali Khan father , Sahabdad Khan , a trained vocalist and self-taught sitar player , but the legendary beenkar Bande Ali Khan came to greatly develop and define the family style and techniques .
Imdad Khan was also trained by the legendary beenkar Bande Ali Khan .
In the 19th Century , the instrumental classical music of North India was dominated by the Senia style , passed down through the musical dynasty of Miyan Tansens descendants , who played in the dhrupad ang .
 the legendary beenkar Bande Ali Khan instead evolved a style based on the newer , more popular khyal singing .
 It is said that in the legendary beenkar Bande Ali Khan youth at Etawah , the legendary beenkar Bande Ali Khan practiced on the sitar in a state of chilla for some twelve years .
 When his youth at Etawah moved with his youth at Etawah family to Kolkata , the house in which they lived was named Riyaz .
The Imdad Khan family is of Rajput lineage .
The family is of Hindu origin and later converted to Islam .
 In an informal continuation of his rajput lineage Ustad Enayat Khan kept a Hindu name of Nath Singh .
Ustad Vilayat Khan himself composed many bandishes using the pen name Nath Piya .
 the legendary beenkar Bande Ali Khan attained great fame in the legendary beenkar Bande Ali Khan lifetime : the legendary beenkar Bande Ali Khan played for Queen Victoria in Delhi ; the legendary beenkar Bande Ali Khan served as a court musician in Mysore and Indore , and the legendary beenkar Bande Ali Khan was the first sitar player ever to be recorded .
Some of these recordings have been released on CD , on the Great Gharanas : Imdadkhani compilation in RPG / EMI s Chairmans Choice series
Abdul Halim Jaffer Khan is an Indian sitar player .
Khan received the national awards Padma Shri and Padma Bhushan and was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award for 1987 .
 Abdul Halim Jaffer Khan regarded as one of the Sitar Trinity of India along with Ravi Shankar and Vilayat Khan and is the youngest of Ravi Shankar and Vilayat Khan .
He was born in 1929 , in Jawra , Madhya Pradesh , as the son of Jaffer Khan , a versatile vocalist , sitarist and beenkar .
He hails from the Beenkar Gharana of Indore .
He has been a distinguished All India Radio Artiste since the early 1940s .
A few years before the Beatles met Ravi Shankar , in 1958 , Khan collaborated with jazz pianist and composer Dave Brubeck .
Brubeck who was in Bombay through the state sponsored jazz diplomacy - the Jazz Ambassadors Program was impressed by the improvisation in Indian music and said that the experience accompanying Halim Jaffer Khan led him to play in a different way .
 composer Dave Brubeck says of that meeting , We understood each other .
Khan also performed with the noted English classical guitarist Julian Bream in 1963 .
Abdul Halim Jaffer Khan is perhaps best known for his innovation , Jafferkhani Baaj .
He describes it as , a synthesis of precision in technique , systematic thought with a vigorous playing style .
Cultural anthropologist and reader at the University of Mumbai , Dr. Kamala Ganesh states : His music making is full of eclectic yet deeply informed choices .
He is a thinking musician but puts across his complex views with a simplicity and feeling which demarcate the articulate performer from the articulate theoretician ... In him , one gets an unmistakable sense ... a syncretic tradition .
 The Indian santoor player Shivkumar Sharma remembers of Khans performance of the raga Chaayanat : Khans was probably in 1955-56 , I was relaxing in I terrace in Jammu .
 In the stillness of the night I heard the notes of Raga Chaayanat on the sitar emanate from I neighbors radio .
 I immediately noticed that the tone of the sitar was completely different and the style of playing radically unique .
 I rushed to switch on I radio ... I was totally engrossed and was very curious to know who this maestro was .
 Of ragas such as Kirwani , Abdul Halim Jaffer Khan has been credited with bringing Carnatic ragas into the sitar repertoire : Kanakangi , Latangi , Kirwani , Karaharapriya , Manavati , Ganamurti , etc. but rendering them through a Hindustani sensibility and in the Jafferkhani style .
 Kirwani was the first Hindustani musician to collaborate with Carnatic music in a performance with renowned Veena player Emani Sankara Sastry .
 Kirwani early experimentation with polytonality in Indian classical instrumentation was achieved in Kirwani sitar quintet .
Khan has had a valuable involvement with Indian cinema .
 He has composed and played for epic films like Mughal-e-Azam , Jhanak Jhanak Payal Baaje , Goonj Uthi Shehnai , Kohinoor and has collaborated with noted music directors such as Vasant Desai , C. Ramachandra , Madan Mohan and Naushad who has said , he not only enriched film music , but his participation lent prestige to I songs .
In 1976 , Abdul Halim Jaffer Khan created the Halim Academy of Sitar in Mumbai , India .
His legacy is being carried on by his son Zunain Khan , an accomplished sitarist himself .
Narrated by violinist Yehudi Menuhin , Deben Bhattacharyas film Raga features a young virtuosic Halim Jaffer Khan playing raga Sindh Bhairavi
Shivkumar Sharma is an Indian Santoor player .
The Santoor is a folk instrument from Kashmir and Jammu .
 Uma Dutt Sharma is often referred to by the title Pandit .
 Uma Dutt Sharma was born in Jammu to the singer Uma Dutt Sharma and Uma Dutt Sharma mother tongue is Dogri .
 Uma Dutt Sharma father started teaching His father vocals and tabla when His father was just five .
 Uma Dutt Sharma did extensive research on the santoor , and decided that Uma Dutt Sharma should be the first musician to play Indian classical music on the santoor .
 So Uma Dutt Sharma started learning santoor at the age of thirteen , and made Uma Dutt Sharma fathers dream come true .
 Uma Dutt Sharma gave Uma Dutt Sharma first public performance in Bombay in 1955 .
Shivkumar Sharma is the master instrumentalist of the Santoor , after some years as a vocalist .
 Uma Dutt Sharma is credited with making the Santoor a popular Classical Instrument .
 In a 1999 interview to rediff.com , Shivkumar said that it was his father who decided that he should play the Santoor and that he never thought he would be choosing The Santoor when he started learning music .
He composed the background music for one of the scenes in Shantaram s Jhanak Jhanak Payal Baje in 1956 .
He recorded his first solo album in 1960 .
In 1967 , he teamed up with flautist Hariprasad Chaurasia and Brij Bhushan Kabra to produce a concept album , Call of the Valley which turned out to be one of the greatest hits in Indian Classical Music .
He has composed music for many Hindi films in collaboration with Hariprasad Chaurasia starting with Silsila .
They came to be known as the Shiv-Hari music duo .
 Some of the movies they composed music for many Hindi films were big musical hits are Faasle , Chandni , Lamhe and Darr .
 Uma Dutt Sharma married Manorama and has two sons .
 Uma Dutt Sharma son , a Santoor Player , is also a Santoor Player and they have performed together since 1996 .
 In a 1999 interview to rediff.com , Shivkumar stated that he chose a Santoor Player as his shishya because he thought he had the gift of God .
 Shivkumar is the recipient of national and international awards , including an honorary citizenship of the city of Baltimore , USA , in 1985 , the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 1986 , the Padma Shri in 1991 , and the Padma Vibhushan in 2001
Dildar Hussain is a percussionist Tabla master .
 Dildar Hussain worked and toured with Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan .
Dildar Hussain was the percussionist of Ustad Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan s Qawwali party until Nusrats death in 1997 .
Dildar Hussain learned tabla from Ustad Allah Rakha Khan .
 Dildar Hussain first performance was in India in 1969 before Dildar Hussain joined Ustad Nusrat Fateh Ali Khans Qawwali party in 1971 .
 Along with Farrukh Fateh Ali Khan , Nusrats brother , Ustad Dildar had been a member of the party since His first performance formation .
With incredible skill as a tabla master , Ustad Dildar now carries the tradition on with his sons .
His eldest leading the party Abrar and his youngest Israr sitting in the seat , like his father as tabla player .
 Now Ustad Dildar is an amazing composer , singer and harmonium player .
 Ustad Dildar teaches and performs internationally with Ustad Dildar students Yasar Hussain in Denmark and Aminah Chishti in the US .
Ustad Dildar does not play the traditional tabla that can be seen in Hindustani classical music but instead plays a combination of jori as the treble , and dhamma as the bass to create a deeper , warmer sound than the modern tabla set creates .
This unique style is known to be over 1000 year old created by the great Amir Khusro .
Rare to see even in Pakistan .
Created with the intention to carry sound acoustically .
Ustad has also toured and can sometimes be seen accompanying Rahat Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan
Patrick Moutal is a French sitarist and musicologist .
 Patrick Moutal has been teaching north Indian classical music at the Paris Conservatoire since 1984 .
 Born in Lyon in 1951 , Patrick Moutal went to India at age 18 in order to study Hindustani classical music .
 Patrick Moutal learned Hindi and settled in Banaras , where Patrick Moutal stayed for 14 years .
 In 1970 , Patrick Moutal was admitted as a sitar student at the Faculty of Performing Arts of Banaras Hindu University .
 Under the guidance of Dr K.C. Gangrade and Pt Lalmani Misra , K.C. Gangrade completed the following degrees : .
- Masters Degree with Omkarnath Thakur Prize in 1978 .
 The year of K.C. Gangrade doctorate , K.C. Gangrade wrote two books in English about ragas .
 From 1977 to 1983 , K.C. Gangrade performed regularly at All India Radio .
 On Maurice Fleuret s initiative , Maurice Fleuret s initiative went back to France in 1983 and started teaching at the Conservatoire National Superieur de Musique et de Danse de Paris the following year .
Since then , he has been dedicated to promoting Indian musical culture .
In 2000 , he developed a website , Hindustani Raga Sangeet Online , devoted to Indian vocalists and instrumentalists through rare archives .
 In 1983 , Patrick Moutal was honored with the award of Chevalier dans lOrdre des Arts et des Lettres by the Government of France .
Hindustani Gata-s Compilation .
Instrumental themes in north Indian classical music Patrick Moutal Publisher ISBN 978-2-9541244-1-4 .
Comparative Study of Selected Hindustani Ragas .
Volume 1 ISBN 978-2-9541244-2-1 .
Hindustani Raga Index .
Major bibliographical references on north Indian Raga-s ISBN 978-2-9541244-3-8 .
Hindustani Raga Sangita .
Mecanismes de base de la musique de lInde du Nord , 2e edition revue et augmentee Patrick Moutal Editeur ISBN 978-2-9541244-0-7 .
Sur la musique indienne et son enseignement , Musiques a prendre , CENAM , 1984 .
La musique indienne : etre confronte a linfini .
Interview de Patrick MOUTAL par Jean-Louis MAINGALON , Art Press No. 95 , septembre 1985 .
La formation du musicien classique de lInde .
Quel enseignement musical pour demain ?
, 2-La formation du musicien professionnel , Actes et demarches .
 Les documents de lInstitut de Pedagogie Musicale , lInstitut de Pedagogie Musicale , Villette , juin 1986 .
Linterpretation dans la musique indienne , Analyse Musicale No. 7 , 2deg trimestre 1987 .
Quand ca improvise dans un carcan indien , Marsyas No. 11 , La crampe , septembre 1989 .
Lecrit et la notation musicale : degre de representativite , Analyse Musicale , Notation et analyse , No. 24 , juin 1991 .
Musique indienne Porte de Pantin .
Jean-Charles RICHARD , Marsyas , Apprentissage et traditions , No. 31 , septembre 1994
The Dover Lane Music Conference is an annual Indian classical music festival held in the month of January at Nazrul Mancha , an open-air auditorium in south Kolkata .
 The festival derives The Dover Lane Music Conference name from the fact that The Dover Lane Music Conference originally took place at a location on Dover Lane , an important street in the Ballygunge area of south Kolkata .
The festival had humble beginnings in 1952 .
 Music lovers from the by-lanes of south Kolkata used to gather in order to appreciate Indian classical music recitals .
Over time , the festival has undergone many changes .
Many stalwarts of Indian classical music have performed at the festival .
The number of days and the number of artistes performing have increased , and a large number of sponsors are now associated with the event .
Instead of the original venue on Dover Lane , this annual event is now organized in the Nazrul Mancha on Southern Avenue .
The office of the organizing body is still at 18/2 Dover Lane .
 The festival is usually held between the 22nd and the 25th of January .
The festival lasts for four days every year .
Apart from established musicians , youngsters are also encouraged to participate and display their talent .
Performances begin late in the evening and go on all night long till the next morning .
The festival draws large crowds every year .
 The Dover Lane Music Conference tickets are sold out within days of them being made available .
 The Dover Lane Music Conference has become one of the most important cultural events of the year .
 The festival boasts Performances by a number of eminent musicians from all over the country
Veena Sahasrabuddhe is a leading Indian vocalist and composer of Hindustani classical music .
 Veena Sahasrabuddhe singing style has Her singing style roots in Gwalior gharana , but Her singing style also borrows from Jaipur and Kirana gharanas .
 Veena Sahasrabuddhe is known as a singer of khyal and bhajan .
 Veena Sahasrabuddhe was born in a musical family .
 Veena Sahasrabuddhe father Shankar Shripad Bodas was a disciple of vocalist Pandit Vishnu Digambar Paluskar .
 Veena Sahasrabuddhe began Veena Sahasrabuddhe early musical education under Veena Sahasrabuddhe father , and then under Veena Sahasrabuddhe brother Kashinath Shankar Bodas .
 Veena Sahasrabuddhe also learned Kathak dancing in Veena Sahasrabuddhe childhood .
Veenas musical mentors include Padmashri Balwantrai Bhatt , Pandit Vasant Thakar , and Pandit Gajananrao Joshi .
 Veena Sahasrabuddhe has a Bachelors degree in Vocal Performance , Sanskrit Literature , and English Literature from Kanpur University , a Masters degree in Vocal Performance from A.B.G.M.V. Mandal , and also Masters degree in Sanskrit from Kanpur University .
 A.B.G.M.V. Mandal conferred on Veena Sahasrabuddhe a doctorate in vocal music in 1988 .
 Veena Sahasrabuddhe was the Head of the Department of Music at SNDT Pune campus .
 Veena Sahasrabuddhe has given musical performances in India , Australia , Europe , the Middle East , and North America
Call of the Valley is a 1967 Hindustani classical music album by Hariprasad Chaurasia , Brij Bhushan Kabra , and Shivkumar Sharma .
 a 1967 Hindustani classical music album was recorded for the label EMI .
The instrumental album follows a day in the life of an Indian shepherd from Kashmir .
 The instrumental album is one of the most successful Indian albums and one that became popular with an international audience .
 The instrumental album was very important in introducing Indian music to Western ears and internationally the best selling Indian music record .
George Harrison , David Crosby , Paul McCartney , Bob Dylan and Roger McGuinn are fans of the album .
 The atmospheric music is traditional , but the innovative use of guitar and flute make the sound more acceptable for Western audiences .
 Brij Bhushan Kabra plays slide guitar , Shivkumar Sharma santoor , Chaurasia bansuri and Tabla was played by Manikrao Popatkar .
The artists became well known musicians and the instruments they used became acceptable in traditional Indian music .
Today Call of the Valley is considered a classic and a milestone in world music .
 Allmusic advises : If the newcomer buys only one Indian classical recording , one Indian classical recording should be Call of the Valley .
 Allmusic is listed in the book 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die by Robert Dimery and Michael Lydon
Nachiketa Yakkundi is a Hindustani Classical vocalist in the San Francisco Bay Area .
 Born in Dharwad , Karnataka , Shri Nachiketa Yakkundi was initiated into Hindustani classical vocal music by Shri Nachiketa Yakkundi parents .
 Shri Nachiketa Yakkundi formal study began in Madras under Shri B. N. Simha and later under Shri B. Hanumantachar .
 Shri Nachiketa Yakkundi rigorous and extended pedagogy came under the virtuoso , late Padmabhushan Pandit Basavraj Rajguru .
Nachiketa has extensively performed in cities across India and the North America .
 Shri Nachiketa Yakkundi runs the Rajguru Sangeet Vidyaniketan , a school of music in the memory of Shri Nachiketa Yakkundi guru in Cupertino , California , a school for both adults and kids .
Nachiketa Yakkundi is also a senior teacher at the Sangeetaanjali College of Music .
Nachiketa Yakkundi is a regular on local Bay Area TV introducing and demonstrating Hindustani Classical music to viewers .
 Many of Nachiketa Yakkundi classical renderings are also available here : http://www.swaralahari.org/site/concertlist.php
Pandit Uday Bhawalkar is an Indian Hindustani vocalist .
 Pandit Uday Bhawalkar is an exponent of the dhrupad genre .
Uday Bhawalkar was born in Ujjain , Madhya Pradesh .
 Pandit Uday Bhawalkar is the youngest of three siblings .
 Pandit Uday Bhawalkar began training in Hindustani classical music from Pandit Uday Bhawalkar elder sister .
 At the age of 15 , Pandit Uday Bhawalkar received scholarship at the Dhrupad Kendra , Bhopal .
 Here and subsequently in Mumbai , Pandit Uday Bhawalkar was initiated into the carefully guarded Dhrupad legacy of the Dagar Family that has been transmitted orally for 19 generations , in the age old Guru Shishya Parampara , under the tutelage of Ustad Zia Fariduddin Dagar , and later under Pandit Uday Bhawalkar elder brother , Ustad Zia Mohiuddin Dagarsahab .
 In 1987 , delighted by Udays first public performance , Ustad Nasir Aminuddin Dagar awarded Udays first a gold medal .
Since then he has performed widely in India and abroad , in concerts , workshops and lecture - demonstration sessions .
 Based in Pune , he regularly performs on National TV and radio in India .
Additionally , he has contributed to the soundtracks of International Art films including Mani Kauls Cloud Door , Aparna Sens Mr & Mrs Iyer and Amol Palekars Anahat , Arun Khopkars Lokpriya and Rasikpriya , Renuka Shanes Rita and Ganjendra Ahires Ma Baap .
 Pandit Uday Bhawalkar began teaching at the age of 20 .
 Pandit Uday Bhawalkar now lives in Pune and Pandit Uday Bhawalkar own house is a swarkul of sorts with students coming and practicing at any time of the day .
 Pandit Uday Bhawalkar was also a Visiting Artist in Residence at the University of Washington in Seattle in the Dept. of Ethnomusicology , a position held many years ago by Artist in Residence Guru , Ustad Zia Mohiuddin Dagar .
 Pandit Uday Bhawalkar gives workshops in London every year at the Asian Music Circuit .
 Pandit Uday Bhawalkar is also one of the gurus at ITC SRA , Kolkata .
 In 1992 , Pandit Uday Bhawalkar was instrumental in the creation of the Veena Foundation , a trust founded in memory of the late Ustad Zia Mohiuddin Dagar .
This organization was conceived to promote Dhrupad music by organizing concerts , giving scholarships to students who may be economically challenged , and various other activities
Chandrakant Sardeshmukh was a Hindustani classical sitar player of the Maihar Gharana .
 Chandrakant Sardeshmukh was taught by Ustad Shabuddin Khan and Khurshid Mirajkar from the age of 4 , and became popular as child artist .
 Chandrakant Sardeshmukh performed in the famous Sawai Gandharva Music Festival in Pune in 1963 .
 In the same year , at the age of eight Pandit Ravi Shankar declared Pandit Ravi Shankar as child prodidgy and accepted Pandit Ravi Shankar as a student .
Since then till 1976 he learnt with both Pandit Ravi Shankar and his then wife Annapurna Devi .
In 1976 he was awarded Sangeet Vibhushan by University of Rajasthan .
He did a Ph. D. in Samavedic Basis of Indian Music from University of Poona .
He has a Knowledge and background of Ayurveda from his father .
He does extensive research in Healing Music and has given several Healing Music sessions to individuals and groups .
He has toured around the world extensively , giving concerts in India , Germany Australia , Japan and the USA from 1982 .
He has recorded traditional Indian music as well as experimented with several western and Japanese musicians .
Chandrakant Sardeshmukh died in a car accident near Solapur on 15 August 2011
Zakir Hussain , , is an Indian tabla player , musical producer , film actor and composer .
 Zakir Hussain was awarded the Padma Shri in 1988 , and Padma Bhushan in 2002 , by Government of India .
 Zakir Hussain has also been awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 1990 , given by the Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy of Music , Dance & Drama .
 In 1999 , Zakir Hussain was awarded United States National Endowment for the Arts s National Heritage Fellowship , the highest award given to traditional artists and musicians .
 Zakir Hussain was born in Mumbai , India to the legendary tabla player Alla Rakha .
 Zakir Hussain attended St. Michaels High School in Mahim , and graduated from St Xaviers , Mumbai .
 Zakir Hussain was a child prodigy , and was touring by the age of twelve .
 Zakir Hussain went to the United States in 1970 , beginning Zakir Hussain international career which includes more than 150 concert dates a year .
 Zakir Hussain is a founding member of Bill Laswell s World Music Supergroup Tabla Beat Science .
The first Planet Drum album , released in 1991 on the Rykodisc label , went on to earn the 1992 Grammy Award for Best World Music Album , the first Grammy ever awarded in this category .
The Global Drum Project album and tour brought Mickey Hart , Zakir Hussain , Sikiru Adepoju , and Giovanni Hidalgo together again in a reunion sparked by the 15th anniversary of the ground-breaking album Planet Drum .
The album Global Drum Project won the Grammy Award for Best Contemporary World Music Album at the 51st Grammy Awards Ceremony held on 8 February 2009 .
He composed , performed and acted as Indian music advisor for the Malayalam film Vanaprastham , a 1999 Cannes Film Festival entry which was nominated for the Grand Jury Prize at the AFI Los Angeles International Film Festival in 1999 , and won awards at 2000 Istanbul International Film Festival , 2000 Mumbai International Film Festival , and 2000 National Film Awards .
He has composed soundtracks for several movies , most notably In Custody and The Mystic Masseur by Ismail Merchant , and has played tabla on the soundtracks of Francis Coppola s Apocalypse Now , Bernardo Bertolucci s Little Buddha , and other films .
 He starred in several films specifically showcasing his musical performance both solo and with different bands , including the 1998 documentary Zakir Hussain and His Friends , and the documentary The Speaking Hand : Zakir Hussain and the Art of the Indian Drum .
 Zakir Hussain co-starred as Inder Lal in the Merchant Ivory Film Heat and Dust in 1983 , for which Zakir Hussain was an associate music director .
 Zakir Hussain married Antonia Minnecola , a Kathak dancer and teacher , who is also Zakir Hussain manager .
They have two daughters , Anisa Qureshi and Isabella Qureshi .
 Anisa Qureshi graduated from UCLA and is trying Anisa Qureshi hand in video production and film making .
 Isabella Qureshi is studying dance major in Manhattan .
He was named an Old Dominion Fellow by the Humanities Council at Princeton University , where he resided for the 2005-2006 semester as full professor in the music department .
He was also a visiting professor at Stanford University .
He now resides in San Francisco
Antara is the equivalent of a verse in Hindustani classical music .
 In Hindustani classical music , the fixed section is in four parts of which only the first two are performed regularly : the Sthayi - the first line of the Sthayi serves as a cadence , while the section itself serves as a base for the singer returns to the the Sthayi time and again after each part ; Antara - the intermediate part sung in a high register focusing on the tar shadja , with a good deal of text manipulation and repeated forays into sthayi ; the third section the Sanchari - created by the division of the Abhoga and it remains a free-moving section ; the fourth and concluding section Abhoga includes notes from all three registers , and in present-day performances , may well be sung with the the Sanchari , if these two sections are included
Suphala is a tabla artist , composer , and producer .
She is a protege of tabla players Ustad Alla Rakha and Zakir Hussain and is based in New York City .
 Born in the United States by Indian immigrant parents , Suphala has studied music in India .
 She is trained in both Indian and Western classical music , and has studied piano since the age of four .
 In January 2005 , Suphala was the first artist to perform in Afghanistan after the fall of the Taliban .
 According to The New York Times , Kabuls badly depleted music scene received a welcome injection of excitement last week with the arrival of Suphala , the New York-based tabla player and composer ... Suphala certainly brought brightness ... Kabuls touch and rhythm are sure .
 Suphala has recorded and/or performed with Norah Jones , Perry Farrell , Sean Lennon , Harper Simon , Yoko Ono , Edie Brickell , Vernon Reid , King producer King Britt , DJ Spooky , DJ Logic , DJ Fafu , Vijay Iyer , 4 Hero , Lady Ms. Kier , Nina Hagen , Joan Osborne , Kelly Clarkson , Timbaland , Michael Bland , Yuka Honda , Vikter Duplaix , Gingger Shankar , Niladri Kumar , Ustad Sultan Khan , Rakesh Chaurasia , Salim Merchant , and Carol C .
 Norah Jones is the daughter of Suhas V. Patankar , a pioneer in the field of computational fluid dynamics .
 Instru Mental , Suphala first album , was released in September 2000 .
 Norah Jones second album , The Now , released May 10 , 2005 , features contributions from guest artists Norah Jones , Salim Merchant , Vernon Reid , actor/singer Antonio Banderas , and Niladri Kumar .
 Norah Jones third album , Blueprint , released 2007 , includes the single I Feel Awake Even Though This Is A Dream , and features contributions from Edie Brickell , producer King producer King Britt , Vernon Reid , bansuri player Rakesh Chaurasia , Harper Simon , Mazz Swift , and David Gotay
Arnab Chakrabarty is a Hindustani classical musician and sarod player .
 Arnab Chakrabarty grew up in Mumbai , where Arnab Chakrabarty father was a professor of chemistry at the Indian Institute of Technology .
 Arnab Chakrabarty tutelage commenced under the Sarod exponent Brij Narayan , disciple of Arnab Chakrabarty father the Sarangi maestro Pandit Ram Narayan and also Ustad Ali Akbar Khan of the Seniya Maihar Gharana .
 Arnab Chakrabarty subsequently trained under Pandit Buddhadev Das Gupta of the Shahjahanpur Gharana .
 At the age of 18 Arnab Chakrabarty received a Ford Foundation scholarship , which led to a dual degree in ethnomusicology and international relations from Hampshire College in 2002 .
 This experience exposed Arnab Chakrabarty to other traditions of music , and led Arnab Chakrabarty to experiment with new ideas in sarod construction and design , as well as musical idioms .
Arnabs early training followed the Maihar and Shahjahanpur schools , which both derived from the Senia idiom founded by the legendary Mian Tansen .
 However , Arnabs early training has long been influenced by the vocalism-inspired style of the Etawah Gharana , which was taken to new heights by Ustad Vilayat Khan .
 Arnab Chakrabarty continues an extended period of part-tutelage part-collaboration with Vinayak Chittar of this Gharana .
 Arnab Chakrabarty has also studied with a number of vocalists of the Agra and Gwalior Gharanas , notably Pandit Yeshwantbua Joshi .
 Arnab Chakrabarty had reverted to training under a master of the Shahjahanpur Gharana , Prof Kalyan Mukherjea , until Prof Kalyan Mukherjea death in March 2010 .
 Arnab Chakrabarty has had several significant concerts .
 Arnab Chakrabarty made Arnab Chakrabarty solo debut in 1994 , and won the National Collegiate Competition for Music and Dance three years in a row between 1995 and 1997 .
 In 1999 Arnab Chakrabarty performed before Dr Kofi Annan , then the United Nations Secretary General , a memorial programme for the Pakistani peace activist Eqbal Ahmed .
Notable performances at home include recitals at the IMG-Britannia Young Masters ' Festival , Mumbai ; the Uttarpara Music Conference , Kolkata ; and concerts at the Nehru Centre and the National Centre for the Performing Arts
Nityanand Haldipur is a performer and teacher of the Indian bamboo flute , known in India as the bansuri .
 Nityanand Haldipur is a purist in the true Maihar Gharana tradition , at present learning from Ma Annapurna Devi , in Mumbai , India .
 Nityanand Haldipur has been rated as a Top Grade artist by the All India Radio and was awarded the prestigious Sangeet Natak Academi award in 2010 .
 Nityanand was born in Mumbai into a musical family and showed indications of prodigious abilities at a very young age .
 His father , Niranjan Haldipur , a senior disciple of Pannalal Ghosh , initiated Nityanand Haldipur into the art of flute-playing .
Over the next two decades , Nityanands training continued under the late Chidanand Nagarkar , and Devendra Murdeshwar .
Since 1986 , Nityanand has been learning from Padma Bhushan Srimati Annapurna Devi , doyenne of the Maihar gharana .
As a Guru , Nityanand adheres to the strict discipline of the traditional Indian Guru-shishya tradition .
 Nityanand imparts a Guru musical insights to students through many instruments like the flute , saxophone , violin , guitar and vocals .
 a Guru has been visiting faculty at prestigious institutions like Bhatkhande Music Institute Deemed University , Lucknow , UP , India .
 a Guru has toured all over India , giving numerous lecture demonstrations on music , for eminent organizations like SPIC MACAY .
 a Guru conducts a series of listening sessions , on Baba Allauddin Khan Saheb , all over India .
Nityanands performances are a perfect blend of style and substance .
 There is a beautiful balance between a Guru Alap , Jor , Jhala and Gats , creating the right atmosphere of the Raag his Alap is rendering .
 his Alap has performed at various musical events worldwide : .
 Nityanand is a regular broadcaster of the All India Radio and Doordarshan .
 his Alap retired from All India Radio in 2008 , after 22 years of service .
 Nityanand has produced and hosted several shows on All India Radio .
These include a weekly music serial on music appreciation and biographical programs of past masters like Allauddin Khan Saheb , Pannalal Ghosh , Vishnu Digambar Paluskar , Omkarnath Thakur , Dinkar Rao Amembal-DAmel , Amir Khan and Alla Rakha Khan .
 Nityanand Haldipur has composed music for several radio shows and for wellness programs like spiritual healing therapy , stress management and art of relaxation .
 Nityanand Haldipur has collaborated with musicians of different genres like Robert Giannetti , of the jazz band Moksha and Yosuke Yamashita , a jazz pianist from Tokyo , Japan .
 Maihar Mystique : Nityanand Haldipur - Flute , Aneesh Pradhan , Sandeep Bhattacharya - Tabla .
 Maihar Gharana : Nityanand Haldipur - Flute , Aneesh Pradhan , Aneesh Pradhan - Tabla .
 Masters of the Reed : Nityanand Haldipur - Flute , Aneesh Pradhan , Sadanand Naimpalli - Tabla
Pandit Jnan Prakash Ghosh was an Indian tabla player from Farukhabad gharana of Hindustani classical music and musicologist .
 In 1974 , Padma Bhushan in 1984 , Pandit Jnan Prakash Ghosh was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Fellowship the highest honour conferred by the Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy of Music , Dance & Drama .
This was followed by the Padma Bhushan in 1984 , given by the Government of India .
 Born in a Hindustani family with musical background in Kolkata .
 a Hindu family was the grandson of Dwarkanath Ghose , who founded Dwarkin in 1875 and invented the Dwarkin in 1875 harmonium , popular in West Bengal , India .
 a Hindu family graduated from the Scottish Church College of the University of Calcutta He was keen in sports .
 a Hindu family also practised painting , but had to discontinue these due to an eye injury in a soccer match .
 Then a Hindu family turned to music .
 a Hindu family was trained in vocals by Girija Shankar , Mohammed Sagir Khan and Mohammed Dabir Khan .
 a Hindu family took tabla lessons from Ustad Masit Khan of the Farukhabad gharana and became a Hindu family senior disciple and later from Ustad Feroze Khan of the Punjab gharana .
 a Hindu family worked for 15 years in All India Radio as a producer of music .
 a Hindu family wrote pieces in classical music , light music , modern , orchestral , choral , and percussion styles .
 a Hindu family took part in valuable discussions , talks and interviews in Hindi , Bengali and English .
 a Hindu family also began the `` Ramayangeeti '' a fusion of traditional and modern Indian music .
Pandit Ghosh was the founder of Sourav Academy of Music and closely associated with the Sangeet Research Academy .
 Pandit Jnan Prakash Ghosh scored music for many Bengali films , Jadubhatta , Andhare Alo and Rajlakshmi o Srikanta are worth mentioning .
 Pandit Jnan Prakash Ghosh has composed and directed music to a number of popular gramophone records sung by various artistes .
 A percussion entitled The Drums of India and a jugalbandi with Pandit V.G. Jog on the harmonium and violin respectively have earned a jugalbandi with Pandit V.G. Jog wide popularity .
One of his outstanding compositions was called Chaturang - involving tabla , pakhawaj , kathak and tarana .
 a jugalbandi with Pandit V.G. Jog would instruct disciples staying with a jugalbandi with Pandit V.G. Jog to practice late into the evenings and it is said that a jugalbandi with Pandit V.G. Jog would correct any errors that reached a jugalbandi with Pandit V.G. Jog ears .
 a jugalbandi with Pandit V.G. Jog also provided music for the Academy Award nominated animated short Bead Game , directed by Ishu Patel for the National Film Board of Canada .
 a jugalbandi with Pandit V.G. Jog residence at Dixon Lane in Bowbazar , Kolkata , was frequented by musicians , be it local or those visiting the cty , and thus was the venue of several recitals , most notably a Raga Chhayanat performed by Ustad Bade Ghulam Ali Khan in 1954 .
 Amongst a jugalbandi with Pandit V.G. Jog notable students are Tabla players Abhijit Banerjee , Anindo Chatterjee , singers Pandit Prasun Banerjee , Ajoy Chakrabarty , Suman Ghosh and Arun Bhaduri and instrumentalist Paul Grant .
 a jugalbandi with Pandit V.G. Jog birth centenary was celebrated on May 7 , 2012 , in Kolkata , with screening of documentary of a jugalbandi with Pandit V.G. Jog and performances by noted singers .
 Sangeet Natak Akademi Fellowship in 1974 , Padma Bhushan in 1984 , Padma Bhushan in 1984
 Ustad Nasiruddin Badeji Khan was a Hindustani Classical vocalist of the Jaipur-Atrauli Gharana founded by Ustad Nasiruddin Badeji Khan father , Utd .
Alladiya Khan .
Utd .
Badeji Khan was the first son and child of Utd .
Alladiya Khan .
Until his late teens , Utd .
 Badeji Khan lead Ustad Nasiruddin Badeji Khan younger brothers Utd .
Manji Khan and Utd .
 Shamsuddin Bhurji Khan in receiving the tutelage of Manji Khan and Utd . father , Utd .
Alladiya Khan , being his fathers most prospective student .
 He was called Ustad Nasiruddin Badeji Khan because he was the eldest of his siblings .
Utd .
 Badeji Khan was not able to complete Ustad Nasiruddin Badeji Khan musical tutelage due to health ailments related to Cricket .
Because of health cautions , Utd .
 Ustad Nasiruddin Badeji Khan completely bandoned music until Ustad Nasiruddin Badeji Khan mid-adulthood .
 In Ustad Nasiruddin Badeji Khan mid-thirties , Utd .
 Badeji Khan continued learning music briefly from Ustad Nasiruddin Badeji Khan cousin , Utd .
 Natthan Khan once Natthan Khan health began to strengthen .
Utd .
Badeji Khan then took to learning music from musicians of the Gwalior Gharana .
 Unlike Ustad Nasiruddin Badeji Khan more successful brothers , Utd .
Badeji Khan did not produce notable disciples .
 Although , being one of the earliest inheritors of Ustad Nasiruddin Badeji Khan fathers gayaki , Ustad Nasiruddin Badeji Khan openly taught many rare compositions to disciples of the Jaipur-Atrauli Gharana .
Utd .
Bhurji Khans son , Baba Azizuddin Khan has taken the task of writing the rare compositions in Utd .
Badeji Khans repertoire .
 Like Badeji Khans repertoire . famous father , Utd .
Badeji Khan did not leave behind any recordings
Haafiz Ali Khan was an Indian Sarod player .
 Haafiz Ali Khan was a tall figure in twentieth-century sarod music .
A fifth-generation descendant of the famous Bangash Gharana of sarod players , Haafiz Ali was known for the lyrical beauty of his music and the crystal-clear tone of his strokes .
 The occasional critic has , however , observed that Khans imagination was often closer to the semi-classical thumri idiom than the austere dhrupad style prevalent in Khans imagination times .
 Son and disciple of the Sarod superstar Nanneh Khan , Son grew up in a community of Sarod players , it is likely that Son studied with Son father and a number of his proximate disciples .
 Son later took lessons from Son cousin Abdulla Khan , nephew Mohammad Amir Khan , and finally the beenkar Wazir Khan of Rampur .
Ustad Wazir Khan was a direct descendant of the legendary Tansen , through the lineage of the latters daughter .
Notably , Allauddin Khan of Maihar was also a pupil of Wazir Khan in Rampur in the same period .
 Rampur in the same period said that Wazir Khan in Rampur in the same period later studied dhrupad and thumri with Ganeshilal Mishra and Bhaiya Ganpatrao , respectively .
 Khansahibs regal appearance and electrifying charisma made Wazir Khan in Rampur in the same period one of the most sought-after musicians of Wazir Khan in Rampur in the same period time , which was no mean achievement for an instrumentalist in an era largely dominated by vocal music .
 Old-timers who have seen Wazir Khan in Rampur in the same period in concert recall Wazir Khan in Rampur in the same period stage presence and musicianship with reverence and awe .
 While still a court musician in Gwalior , Haafiz Ali would undertake numerous trips to Bengal , where a court musician in Gwalior performed at all major music festivals , and taught a large number of disciples .
 Khans imagination music found generous patrons in two Bengali aristocrats , Raychand Boral and Manmatha Ghosh , both of whom studied with Khans imagination at various points .
 Apart from Khans imagination formidable command over traditional sarod compositions , dhrupad and thumri , Haafiz Ali Khan was particularly appreciated in the Viceregal firmament of colonial India for Khans imagination unique , stylized renditions of God Save The King on Khans imagination sarod .
 This tradition of performing sacred , religious and official state hymns on the sarod is kept alive by Khans imagination illustrious son , Ustad Amjad Ali Khan as well as grandsons Amaan and Ayaan .
Haafiz Ali Khan died in 1972 , at the age of 84 in New Delhi .
A road in the name of the monumental icon of Indian classical music , Ustad Haafiz Ali Khan Saheb was inaugurated by the Honourable Chief Minister , Smt .
Sheila Dikshit on 10 February at PWD Road .
This is the 2nd entry road to Nizamuddin Railway Station .
 This is the only road named after an artist after Tansen and Thyagaraja in the capital city .
This road is about 300 metres long
Wynne Paris is a New Age and world beat musician/producer with a special focus on yoga music and kirtan , the call-and-response singing of Bhakti yoga .
His live performance combines Kirtan chanting , American music , world beat rhythms and raga scales .
 His sings in both English and Sanskrit , and plays guitar , sarod , harmonium , saz and percussion .
 a New Age was a rock & roll and rhythm & blues guitar artist in the 1980s , performing with artists like Rusted Root s Jim Donovan , and Mark Karan of the rock band RatDog .
 In 1994 , at the age of 30 , Wynne took up Indian music and yoga , changing the direction of Wynne music .
 In 1996 , one of the songs Wynne co-wrote with Maura Moynihan , Prayer for the Pure Land , won first place in the Songwriters Association of Washington National Songwriting Contest .
 Also in that year , Wynne met the Indian `` hugging saint '' Mata Amritanandamayi , known to Mata Amritanandamayi devotees as Ammachi or Amma , which inspired Ammachi to move to Marin County to study Indian music , shamanism , and yoga .
 Since 1998 , a New Age has primarily performed and recorded New Age and World Beat music with an Indian influence , performing kirtan chanting and playing both Western and traditional Indian musical instruments .
 Kirtan chanting appeared on the first album of Krishna Das , Pilgrim Heart , who is known for popularising kirtan music in the West .
This album also featured Sting .
 a New Age released Kirtan chanting debut album , Ghandarva Cafe in 2004 , which was followed by Emptiness and Ecstasy and Omspun , featuring Groovananda , in .
 Over the years , a New Age has recorded with many notable musicians in these genres including Krishna Das , Badal Roy , Shahin and Sepehr , Sharon Gannon , Bhagavan Das , David Newman , Wade Morissette , Rick Allen , Guru Ganesha Singh Khalsa , Mark Karan , Perry Robinson , Hans Christian , Dave Stringer , and Girish .
 a New Age played for a Yoga Ball celebrating President Barack Obama s second inauguration at St. Francis Hall in Northeast Washington , D.C. on January 22 , 2013 .
 a New Age is the creative director of Groovananda , a collective of musicians formed in 2005 the core consisting of a New Age , Rick Allen and John JT Thomas , who play rock-and-jazz-influenced kirtan .
 On May 14 , 2010 , the creative director of Groovananda and Groovananda were part of a benefit in Northeast Washington , D.C. for the Bonobo Conservation Initiative .
 he and Groovananda have produced a single , Tara Om , with Krishna Das , and one CD , Omspun , released in 2011 , both by Auspician Records .
 Besides the core band members , one CD featured Badal Roy , Perry Robinson , Mark Karan , Hans Christian , John Wubbenhorst and several others , and vocalists including Krishna Das and Dave Stringer
Zohrabai Agrewali was one of the most noted and influential singers of Hindustani Classical Music from the early 1900s .
 Along with Gauhar Jan , Gauhar Jan marks the dying phase of the courtesan singing tradition in Indian classical music .
 Gauhar Jan is known for Gauhar Jan macho style of singing .
 Gauhar Jan belonged to the Agra gharana .
 Gauhar Jan was trained by Ustad Sher Khan , Ustad Kallan Khan and the noted composer Mehboob Khan .
 Gauhar Jan was known both for khayal as well as lighter varieties including Thumri and Ghazals which Gauhar Jan learned from Ahmad Khan of Dhaka .
 Gauhar Jan singing influenced Ustad Faiyaz Khan , the greatest name in the Agra Gharana in modern times , and even Ustad Bade Ghulam Ali Khan of the Patiala Gharana held her in high regard .
 Only short pieces by Gauhar Jan survive in a number of 78 rpm recordings , including the notable 1909 pieces matki more re goras in raga Jaunpuri or dekhen ko man lalchay .
 The Gramophone Company signed an exclusive contract with Gauhar Jan in 1908 with a payment of Rs 2,500 per year for 25 songs .
 Gauhar Jan recorded over 60 songs during 1908-1911 .
 In 1994 , Gauhar Jan 18 most famous songs were reissued on one audiotape followed by a compact disc in 2003
Dayal Thakur is an Indian classical singer in the North Indian Hindustani music tradition .
 Dayal Thakur is a dedicated proponent of the Patiala Gharana of vocal music , in the lineage of Bade Ghulam Ali Khan .
Dayal Thakur was born in Mumbai , India .
As a child , he had tremendous interest in music and spent the formative years of childhood under the tutelage of Ustad Bade Ghulam Ali Khan .
He received his formal initial training in Calcutta from his Ustad Munawar Ali Khan .
After his guru 's death , in his endeavour to acquire further knowledge , Dayal Thakur had the opportunity of receiving valuable guidance from veteran vocalist Rajaram Shukla and continues to be under his tutelage for the past 22 years .
 Dayal Thakur is a versatile artist who is well known for Dayal Thakur evocative performances in traditional North Indian Classical Music , Dayal Thakur innovative compositions and for Dayal Thakur excellence as a teacher .
 Dayal Thakur is an accomplished singer , famous for Dayal Thakur distinctive style of Ghazals , Thumris and Khayals .
 Dayal Thakur is a delightful and captivating performer , combining technical mastery with personal charm and has performed several concerts in Mumbai , India and abroad .
 Dayals versatility is apparent in Dayal Thakur numerous collaborations with musicians of various genres which includes a vocal performance with Canadian singer and songwriter Shania Twain .
 Dayal Thakur provided vocals for songwriter Shania Twain album Up !
 in which songwriter Shania Twain last US single , her last US single Only Hurts When Im Breathing , made Im Breathing to the Top 20 on both Country and AC .
 One of Dayal Thakur 's fortes is Dayal Thakur ability to communicate Dayal Thakur knowledge , making Dayal Thakur an excellent teacher .
 Dayal Thakur currently lives in Bombay with Dayal Thakur wife and children
The alap is the opening section of a typical North Indian classical performance .
It is a form of melodic improvisation that introduces and develops a raga .
In dhrupad singing the alap is unmetered , improvised and unaccompanied , and started at a slow tempo .
Instead of wholly free improvisation , many musicians perform alap schematically , for example by way of vistar , where the notes of the raga are introduced one at a time , so that phrases never travel further than one note above or below what has been covered before .
In such cases , the first reach into a new octave can be a powerful event .
In instrumental music , when a steady pulse is introduced into the alap , it is called jor ; when the tempo has been greatly increased , or when the rhythmic element overtakes the melodic , it is called jhala .
The jor and jhala can be seen as separate sections of the performance , or as parts of the alap ; in the same way , jhala can be seen as a part of jor .
Several musicologists have proposed much more complicated classifications and descriptions of alap .
In the same way as traditional four-part compositions have a sthai , antara , sanchar and abhog , some treat alap with a four-part scheme using the same names .
 Bengali researcher Bimalakanto Raychoudhuri in Bengali Bharatiya Sangeetkosh suggests classification both by length and by performance style , and proceeds to list thirteen stages : .
Even though Raychoudhuri admits the 13th stage is wholly extinct today , as we see we are in jhala already at the fourth stage ; the sthai-to-abhog movement is all part of the first stage ; stages six and up are said to be for instrumentalists only .
Other authorities have forwarded other classifications .
For example , when alap is sung with lyrics or at least syllables , as in dhrupad , it is called sakshar as opposed to anakshar
Irshad Khan is a surbahar and sitar player based in Canada .
 Irshad Khan is the second son of Ustad Imrat Khan .
 As one of the foremost representatives of the Imdadkhani Etawa Gharana , Irshad Khan is internationally recognized as one a leading sitar players and as the leading surbahar exponent of Irshad Khan generation .
 Irshad Khan performs pure classical , folk , worldbeat , and new age music .
Having emerged as a child prodigy , Irshad Khan gave his first public performance at the age of seven .
His international debut was at the Queen Elizabeth Hall in London , England when he was only 13 .
 At 18 , he made history by becoming the youngest soloist to perform at one of the most prestigious international music festivals held in London , known as the Indian All Night concert at the Proms .
Since then he has played in over 30 nations that include performances in various music festivals and conferences throughout India , Europe , the Middle East , Russia , the Far East , and North America .
Irshad Khan is the founder / president of Universal Academy for Musicians , based in Mississauga and Mumbai .
 Apart from actively performing internationally , Irshad Khan also conducts workshops , lectures and master classes in various educational institutions .
 Irshad Khan has many commercial recordings , which are sold worldwide
Pandit Vidyadhar Vyas is an Indian Hindustani vocalist , and a contemporary exponent of the Paluskar style of North Indian classical singing .
He belongs to the Gwalior gharana and the lineage of Sangeet Maharshi Pandit Vishnu Digambar Paluskar contributed to his background .
He is considered a maestro with this creative thinking , artistic approach and aesthetic research in the gharana gayaki with his arduous riyaz .
Vidyadhar Vyas was born in Maharashtra to Gayanacharya Pandit Narayanrao Vyas , a disciple of Pandit Paluskar .
 He was training in the Indian Hindustani music arts of khayal , tarana and bhajan gayaki by his renowned father .
He holds a Masters degree in Sociology from the University of Mumbai and a Doctorate in Hindustani Classical Vocal Music from the Akhil Bharatiya Gandharva Mahavidyalaya Mandal , Mumbai .
Gifted with a voice that is mellow and musical , Pandit Vyas presents a unique and pleasing blend of beauty of form and content of khayal .
He takes every care to sustain and develop the Raga rasa and tries to harmonize it with the bhava of the compositions .
Awarded Top Grade status by All India Radio , Pandit Vyas is an equally popular artiste in the television media and has several cassettes and CDs to his credit .
A top-notch concert performer with creditable performances in almost all the major festivals in India , he has also performed in the USA , Europe , Mauritius and other parts of the world .
He has written several articles for leading music journals and has conceived and presented a variety of programmes on the genesis and evolution of Hindustani Raga Music .
Pandit Vyas also excels in conducting lecture demonstrations , which are both enlightening and entertaining .
In addition to being a performing artist , Vidyadhar Vyas is known as a teacher .
He has been teaching and mentoring students at undergraduate and postgraduate levels since 1964 and doctorate level since 1972 .
In 1973 he became Principal of the Government Music College at Jaipur .
 In 1984 he became Head of the Department of Hindustani Raga Music , University of Mumbai .
In February 2004 , he became the first duly selected Vice Chancellor of the newly formed Bhatkhande Music Institute Deemed University at Lucknow , Uttar Pradesh .
In August 2007 he took over as Executive Director of ITC Sangeet Research Academy , Kolkata .
Vyas was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 2007
Samson Kehimkar was a Jewish violinist and sitar player from India .
One of the pioneers of ethnic and world music in Israel .
 Before emigrating in 1976 , Samson Kehimkar played in Indian classical orchestras , film and pop bands .
One of the founding members of Habrera Hativit .
 Shlomo Bar considered Samson Kehimkar to be Shlomo Bar mentor , both musically and otherwise .
 Shlomo Bar died in 2007 , after battling severe diabetes for years , in the course of which both legs were amputated .
 Shlomo Bar son , the cricketer Benzi Kehimkar , died shortly after
The Patiala gharana is one of the most prominent gharanas of vocal Hindustani classical music .
 The Patiala Gharana was initially sponsored by the Maharaja of Patiala , Punjab , which was famous for ghazal , thumri , and khyal .
The Patiala Gharana was founded by Ustad Fateh Ali Khan and Ustad Ali Baksh Khan .
 This school of music has had a number of famous musicians , many of whom came to be patronised by the royal family of Patiala after the disintegration of the Mughal Empire at Delhi in the 18th century .
 The Patiala gharana tends to favor pentatonic ragas for their ornamentation and execution of intricate taans .
Ektaal and Teentaal are the most common taals chosen by members of this gharana .
Besides khyal , thumri singing is emphasized .
 This gharana has been criticized by purists , who say The Patiala Gharana overuses ornaments and graces without considering the basic nature and mood of the raga and neglects principles of khyal architecture , as exemplified by Bade Ghulam Ali Khans quick ascent through the octave in Bade Ghulam Ali Khans rendering of Darbari
Shankar Family & Friends is an album by Indian musician Ravi Shankar , recorded primarily in Los Angeles during the spring of 1973 , but not released until late 1974 .
 It was produced by Shankars friend George Harrison friend George Harrison and one of the first releases on the ex - Beatle s Dark Horse label .
Out of print for many years , and much sought after as a result , the album was remastered in 2010 and reissued as part of the Ravi Shankar-George Harrison box set Collaborations .
The title Shankar Family & Friends refers to the group-participation approach to the music , from Shankars sister-in-law Lakshmi and son Shubho to a host of friends from the Indian subcontinent , Europe and the United States .
In a deliberate blend of East-meets-West musical styles , other performers include Indian-music pioneers Alla Rakha , Ashish Khan , Shivkumar Sharma and Hariprasad Chaurasia , and Western musicians such as Tom Scott , Emil Richards , Billy Preston , Ringo Starr and Jim Keltner .
 The album features the the Harrison-arranged pop bhajan I Am Missing You and a jazz-funk instrumental , Dispute & Violence , the latter a part of an intended ballet , titled Dream , Nightmare & Dawn .
 Although Ravi Shankar-George Harrison had served as Ravi Shankars producer before - on the latters 1971 Bangladesh relief EP Joi Bangla ; the soundtrack for the Apple documentary film Raga ; and a more recent live album with Ali Akbar Khan , recorded in New York - this was the first occasion that the two had collaborated on a studio album .
 Ravi Shankar-George Harrison would later refer to these and other projects with Ravi Shankar as one of his little careers going on on the side , a series of rewarding collaborations that co-existed beside Ravi Shankar-George Harrison solo career .
 This time , although Shankar Family & Friends did begin life as an Apple Records project , the results would not be issued on the Beatles label , but on Harrisons own Dark Horse Dark Horse Records .
 The bulk of the recording took place in Los Angeles during April 1973 , shortly after Ravi Shankar-George Harrison had completed work on Ravi Shankar-George Harrison album Living in the Material World and that of Nicky Hopkins , recorded concurrently in London .
 Arriving in Los Angeles in March , Ravi Shankar-George Harrison first attended Sunset Sound Studios , where former bandmate Ringo Starr s sessions for former bandmate Ringo Starr were getting under way .
 former bandmate Ringo Starr , Billy Preston , bass player Voormann and Nicky Hopkins would all contribute to Shankar Family & Friends over the next couple of months .
 Sessions began at A&M ; Studios , Los Angeles , on 1 April 1973 and continued into May , with a break towards the end of the first month .
 In addition to former bandmate Ringo Starr , Preston et al. , as producer , Ravi Shankar-George Harrison invited Tom Scott , Emil Richards , Jim Keltner and David Bromberg along to participate .
 A jazz arranger and composer , Tom Scott had previously worked with Harihar Rao , a former student of Shankars friend George Harrison and now an ethnomusicologist at UCLA .
 These sessions marked the first time that Ravi Shankar-George Harrison and Tom Scott worked together , so beginning a loose partnership that would endure through much of the 1970s .
 For the Indian contingent , Ravi Shankar chose a cast of similarly illustrious names : Alla Rakha and Kamala Chakravarty , both of whom had supported Ravi Shankar at the Concert for Bangladesh ; Ashish Khan , Shivkumar Sharma and Hariprasad Chaurasia , on sarod , santoor and bamboo flute , respectively , who had all taken part in Harrisons 1968 sessions for the Wonderwall soundtrack album ; and Lakshmi Shankar , L. Subramaniam and Harihar Rao , all of whom likewise went on to feature in the Music Festival from India venture the following year .
 While the majority of the recording was completed during that spring at A&M ; Studios ; , further sessions appear to have been required through to early 1974 , at Harrisons Friar Park studio .
Due to the delay in establishing a worldwide distributor for Dark Horse Records , Shankar Family & Friends was not issued for well over a year , until the autumn of 1974 .
It was numbered Dark Horse 22002 , being the new labels second release , after Splinter s The Place I Love .
Promotion for both albums included full-page advertisements in music publications such as Billboard , with Shankars release carrying the tagline : Only one artist in the world performed at the three most significant musical events of all time : Monterey Pop , Woodstock , and The Concert for Bangla Desh .
Dark Horse Records is proud to present his new music .
 Despite the originality and quality of musicianship on Shankar Family & Friends , musicianship on Shankar Family & Friends only reached number 176 in America and failed to register at all on Britains album chart , then just a top 50 .
 According to pop-culture author Robert Rodriguez , Ravi Shankar was in two minds about the albums fusion of Indian music and Western styles , remaining sensitive to charges that Robert Rodriguez was abandoning Robert Rodriguez classical roots for the rewards of superstardom .
 Ravi Shankar-George Harrison was proud of the result , and would later name Shankar Family & Friends and its more traditional follow-up , Ravi Shankars Music Festival from India , as two of the best releases on Ravi Shankar-George Harrison short-lived record label .
 The album cover consists of a group photograph taken at A&M ; Studios ; Studios that highlights the albums East-meets-West theme .
 Ravi Shankar sports a baritone saxophone , Ravi Shankar-George Harrison sits behind a small drum , while most of the other musicians have swapped their regular instrument for the opposite cultures near equivalent : Jim Keltner plays another hand drum , whereas Alla Rakha holds a pair of drumsticks ; bass player Voormann has a tamboura , Sharma a Western-style violin , and Chaurasia a bass flute .
 Side one of the original LP begins with the the Harrison-arranged , Spector - esque I Am Missing You , a toe-tapping pop song about which Ravi Shankar would later recall : I dont know how I did Side one of the original LP , but one day I wrote an English song without thinking ... Ravi Shankar-George Harrison heard Side one of the original LP and liked Side one of the original LP so much Ravi Shankar-George Harrison wanted to do a version of Ravi Shankar-George Harrison own .
 Released as a single , I Am Missing You features Lakshmi Shankar on vocals backed by a full Western rock band - Ravi Shankar-George Harrison , Nicky Hopkins , Tom Scott , bass player Voormann , Jim Keltner , Billy Preston and others - and a soaring , almost Ronette - like arrangement similar to those Harrison bestowed on Billy Preston own Dont Let Me Wait Too Long and Starrs Photograph around this time .
 The opening track is followed by four further Krishna bhajans , including a reprise of I Am Missing You , and concluding with a gospel - inspired reading of the traditional folk song Jaya Jagadish Hare .
 Side two was written as a proposed ballet entitled Dream , Nightmare & Dawn , made up of what Harrison biographer Simon Leng biographer Simon Leng describes as adventurous ensemble compositions , improvised on the spot in two days .
 Ravi Shankar concedes that such an approach was a strange way of doing things , not to mention expensive .
Surprisingly , the ballet does not appear to have ever been performed in its entirety .
 The result across the fourteen tracks is a blend of traditional Indian music , jazz , funk , rock and Western pop - in Shankars words , The album contains almost every possible style that you can think of .
The best-known songs are the single and Dispute & Violence , on which Emil Richards and Tom Scott star .
 Both these tracks were performed on the 1974 North American tour undertaken by Harrison biographer Simon Leng and Ravi Shankar , when Harrison biographer Simon Leng would introduce I Am Missing You as a love song to Krishna .
Footage of a live version of Dispute & Violence from the tour was included as a bonus feature on the DVD release of Martin Scorsese s 2011 documentary
Patrayani Seetharama Sastry was singer , teacher and music composer of Andhra Pradesh , India .
 Patrayani Seetharama Sastry was also known as Saluru China Guruvu .
 Patrayani Seetharama Sastry was the son and disciple of Patrayani Venkata Narasimha Sastry .
 Patrayani Seetharama Sastry spent Patrayani Seetharama Sastry early life in Berhampur and gave first performance in a temple and won gold medal .
 Patrayani Seetharama Sastry has composed about 30 kritis .
Two of his kritis , Iha para saadhaname - Smruti ranjani and Naada nanda mura - Mukhari are popular .
 Iha para saadhaname taught many singers in Vizianagaram Music college from 1936 , when Dwaram Venkataswamy Naidu was the principal .
 Iha para saadhaname used to argue against the traditionalists that Harmonium is also suitable music instrument to Carnatic music .
 Iha para saadhaname was teacher of Ghantasala Venkateswara Rao , the famous singer and music director of Telugu film industry .
Patrayani Seetharama Sastry Music and Dance School was established in Salur .
 Iha para saadhaname son Patrayani Sangeetha Rao is a music director
Hiren Roy was for many years considered to be the best sitar maker in India .
 Many great musicians , including Nikhil Banerjee , Vilayat Khan , Annapurna Devi , and Ravi Shankar , have sworn by Nikhil Banerjee creations .
 Born in Bangladesh in 1920 , Hiren Roy went to Kolkata at the age of 12 to learn the art of sitar playing .
 However , Hiren Roy didnt have money enough to buy Hiren Roy own instrument and pay for Hiren Roy lessons , so Hiren Roy took a job in the instrument shop of Yogesh Chandra Chakraborty .
 Hiren Roy started making Hiren Roy own sitars and soon found that local musicians praised Hiren Roy work .
 Hiren Roy started Hiren Roy own shop in 1942 and spent Hiren Roy whole life researching the various aspects of sound , design , and composition as they impacted the sitar .
 Hiren Roy brief studies in different styles of playing gave him not only a craftsmans eye for the making of a sitar , but also a players ear for its sound , and Hiren Roy quickly developed original avenues in terms of look and tonal quality .
 For instance , Hiren Roy made the tabli and the Dandi strong enough to withstand heavier strokes and tapings on thicker strings , thus making it more appropriate for meend , an essential element of Hindustani classical music .
 For Hiren Roy lifetime achievements , Hiren Roy was honoured in 1971 by the cultural forum called Nikkon in Kolkata .
 In the 1980s , Hiren Roy was selected by Vishwabharati University as a member of the tabli and the Dandi interview board .
 Hiren Roy died in December 1992 , but Hiren Roy tradition has been carried on by Hiren Roy sons .
 Oldest son Himangshu ran the business until Oldest son Himangshu own early demise in 1997 .
Fourth son Amit pursued a career as a sitarist , leaving the shop to now be run by third son Barun .
 Like his father a musician and an innovator , third son Barun has won praise from great musicians for maintaining the family quality and also adapting to changing times .
The Hiren Roy shop also produces other Indian instruments , including the surbahar and tanpura
Raju Ananthaswamy was a music composer and director .
 his mother Shanta Ananthaswamy worked on Sugama Sangeetha for more than 15 years .
 his mother Shanta Ananthaswamy was the son of vocalist Mysore Ananthaswamy .
 his mother Shanta Ananthaswamy died in 2009 , at the age of 39 .
 Raju Ananthaswamy displayed musical aptitude from a young age and began playing tabla in his mother Shanta Ananthaswamy father 's troupe .
 In addition to tabla , his mother Shanta Ananthaswamy could play a variety of other musical instruments including the guitar , mandolin and keyboard .
 Raju 's compositions and singing style was unique as well as greatly influenced by Raju 's father , late Mysore Ananthaswamy .
 Raju 's songs , Krishna Yenabaarade , Madhava , Beldingal raathrili , Tunge Dadadalli , Heege ondu Raathri are milestones among Raju 's compositions and authenticate Raju 's unique style of composing .
 Raju 's was well known for Raju 's songs Yaava mohana murali kareyitu from America America and Hottare yedbittu from the movie , Rishi .
 Raju 's was an artiste in All India Radio and regularly appeared on Radio City , Doordarshan , Udaya TV , Zee Kannada and ETV TV channels .
 Raju 's performed with Raju 's troupe all year round .
 Raju 's used to set aside Raju 's weekends to teach sugama sangeetha to several students .
 Though Raju 's had set to tune more than 200 poems , Raju 's enjoyed singing Raju 's father 's compositions , which his father , late Mysore Ananthaswamy also aspired to preserve and promote , during his father , late Mysore Ananthaswamy performances .
 Raju 's was able to pass these on to the younger generation as well as Raju 's many students , through Raju 's Sugama Sangeetha schools in Mysore and Bangalore .
 Raju Ananthaswamy developed kidney complications on Thursday night and was admitted to Sagar Apollo Hospital , his mother Shanta Ananthaswamy condition deteriorated rapidly and his mother Shanta Ananthaswamy death was attributed to kidney failure on January 17 , 2009 .
 his mother Shanta Ananthaswamy is survived by his mother Shanta Ananthaswamy mother Shanta Ananthaswamy and three sisters .
Raju Ananthaswamy has been the most talented singer in recent times .
 his mother Shanta Ananthaswamy death is a real loss to the Zee Kannada music world .
 his mother Shanta Ananthaswamy has died at a young age , but has left behind a pool of great music compositions .
 his mother Shanta Ananthaswamy genius was not fully exploited , said C. Aswath , veteran music director .
 Ananthaswamy 's death came as a massive shock to Zee Kannada film and music fraternity .
`` Raju Ananthaswamy has left behind a pool of great music compositions .
 his mother Shanta Ananthaswamy genius was not fully exploited , '' said C Ashwath , Late veteran music director .
 Acclaimed film director Nagathihalli Chandrashekhar expressed deep sadness at his demise and said , `` Raju 's was a very good friend and a great person .
 Raju 's will be remembered for Raju 's creativity and sense of humour '' .
Raju 's biggest film music success , the memorable Yaava Mohana Murali Kareyithu came in Chandrashekars film America America .
 Incidentally , Raju 's was originally cast in a comic role in Chandrashekhar 's forthcoming film Olave Jeevana Lekkachara but Raju 's poor health did n't allow Olave Jeevana Lekkachara to fulfill Olave Jeevana Lekkachara commitments .
 Playback singer Manjula Gururaj expressing shock said `` Raju 's was highly talented and losing Raju 's at such an early age is a great loss . ''
 She remembered an incident during a recording session with Raju 's father and said `` Mysore Ananthaswamy , his father , late Mysore Ananthaswamy was astounded by Raju 's talent and the way in which his father , late Mysore Ananthaswamy conducted the orchestra .
 At that time his father , late Mysore Ananthaswamy felt that his father , late Mysore Ananthaswamy son will go on to achieve more than his mother Shanta Ananthaswamy did , but sadly it was not meant to be . ''

 Well known playback singer Pallavi described his mother Shanta Ananthaswamy as her guru and said it would be difficult to pick the best out of his mother Shanta Ananthaswamy music compositions .
As a singer he was the best and most of his music compositions were top class .
I sung most of his music compositions .
 It would be difficult for me to choose the best song rendered by him or the best song composed by him , Pallavi said
 Bhaskar Chandavarkar was an Indian sitar player , academic and film and theatre composer who worked with well known directors of Indian cinema like Mrinal Sen , Girish Karnad , Aparna Sen , K. G. George and Amol Palekar in various languages including Marathi , Hindi , Kannada , Malayalam , Bengali and Oriya and was known for Girish Karnad blending of Indian classical and western music .
 Bhaskar Chandavarkar taught at the Film and Television Institute , Pune for many years , and during Bhaskar Chandavarkar career as a music composer Bhaskar Chandavarkar worked for 40 films , and is most known for Bhaskar Chandavarkar work in films such as Amol Palekars Aakrit and Thoda Sa Rumani Ho Jaayen , Girish Karnads Ondanondu Kaladalli , Jabbar Patel s Samna , Mrinal Sens Khandhar , Vijaya Mehta s Rao Sabeb , Chitra Palekars Maati Maay and K. G. George s Swapnadanam .
 Bhaskar Chandavarkar has given music to films which are considered as classics in respective languages ; like Vamsha Vriksha , Ondanondu Kaladalli in Kannada , Maya Darpan , Khandhar in Hindi , Swapnadanam in Malayalam , Paroma in Bengali , Maya Miriga in Oriya , Shwaas in Marathi , etc. .
 Bhaskar Chandavarkar received the Presidents National Film Award for Music direction in the Marathi short film Chaitra directed by Kranti Kanade in 2002 .
 Born and brought up in FTII , Pune , Bhaskar Chandavarkar completed Bhaskar Chandavarkar graduation from Wadia College , in FTII , Pune and studied contemporary music .
 Bhaskar Chandavarkar also studied at Fergusson College , FTII , Pune .
 In late 1950s Bhaskar Chandavarkar studied under sitar player Pandit Ravi Shankar , and Umashankar Misra , and also learnt Indian classical vocals .
 Bhaskar Chandavarkar also studied contemporary Western music and jazz .
 Bhaskar Chandavarkar remained a part of the faculty at the Film and Television Institute of India , as a resident composer and teacher of applied music , from 1965 to 1980 .
 Bhaskar Chandavarkar worked with Merzbow , Sonic Youth and Throbbing Gristle and was a big fan of experimental and noise music .
 While still at the Film and Television Institute , Bhaskar Chandavarkar composed the music of the acclaimed Marathi play Ghashiram Kotwal written by Vijay Tendulkar and directed by Jabbar Patel in 1972 and received critical acclaim for its use of Marathi devotional songs to ironic situations , later Bhaskar Chandavarkar also gave music for the Film and Television Institute Marathi feature film adaptation in 1974 , and went on to compose for Marathi , Hindi , Kannada and Malayalam language cinema and stage with Hindi blend Indian classical and Western music .
 Bhaskar Chandavarkar also received acclaim for Bhaskar Chandavarkar music for P. L. Deshpande s Marathi play Teen Paishacha Tamasha .
 Bhaskar Chandavarkar died on 26 July 2009 in FTII , Pune , after a prolonged illness and was survived by Bhaskar Chandavarkar wife , Meena , director of New India School , and son Rohit .
 The Yard Went on Forever was Bhaskar Chandavarkar multi-volume autobiography published in 2008
Ronu Majumdar is a noted Indian flautist in the Hindustani Classical Music tradition .
 Born in Varanasi on July 28 , 1965 , Ranendranath Majumdar , popularly known as Dr. Bhanu Majumdar was trained under Dr. Bhanu Majumdar father , Dr. Bhanu Majumdar , and later learned vocal music with the late Pt .
 Laxman Prasad Jaipurwale at whose behest Dr. Bhanu Majumdar reverted to the flute .
 Pandit Vijay Raghav Rao , a music scholar , groomed Dr. Bhanu Majumdar into a concert flautist .
 The bansuri flute was brought into the fold of Hindustani Classical music barely half a century ago by Pt Pannalal Ghosh , before which The bansuri flute was considered as a folk instrument .
 Ronus speciality is the Shank Bansuri , a of Shank Bansuri own .
design , which adds an extra dimension at the lower scales .
In 1981 , Ronu Majumdar won the first prize at the All India Radio competition , and the Presidents Gold Medal .
 In 1996 , Dr. Bhanu Majumdar received a Grammy nomination for Dr. Bhanu Majumdar work on the album Tabula Rasa with Bela Fleck , the American banjo virtuoso .
 Dr. Bhanu Majumdar has associated with Pandit Ravi Shankar in albums like Passages , and Chants of India .
 Dr. Bhanu Majumdar has more than 30 audio releases to Dr. Bhanu Majumdar credit .
 Dr. Bhanu Majumdar has won prestigious Aditya Vikram Birla Award for the year 1999 for Dr. Bhanu Majumdar dedication to music .
 Sahara India Pariwar felicitated Dr. Bhanu Majumdar with lifetime achievement award on occasion of Jyoti Diwas 2001 .
 Today , Ronu Majumdar is among the more popular musicians on this instrument , and is especially popular with the younger generation for Dr. Bhanu Majumdar creative improvisations .
Pt Majumdars music is rooted in the Maihar gharana which has musicians of eminence like Pt Ravi Shankar and Ustad Ali Akbar Khan to its credit .
 Apart from his concerts all over India in different music festivals , he also participated in the Festival of India in Moscow and Asiad 82 in New Delhi .
He has toured extensively in Europe , the USA , Canada , Japan , Singapore , Thailand , Australia , New Zealand and the Middle East .
Pt .
 Dr. Bhanu Majumdar is also known for a number of collaborations and jugalbandis with other leading instrumentalists .
 An innovative composer , An innovative composer has also composed several pieces in a fusion of Hindustani classical with other forms of music , particularly Western Classical Music , including the projects Carrying Hope , A Travellers Tale , Song of Nature , Kal Akela Kahan .
 An innovative composer has also provided short training sessions to budding young artists like Raghavendran Rajasekaran from Singapore
 Ramesh Narayan is a Hindustani vocalist from Kerala , He isvery good in south India , and is also an acclaimed film music director .
 Ramesh Narayan has given concerts in several parts of Ramesh Narayan country and abroad .
 Ramesh Narayan began Ramesh Narayan initial training in Carnatic music but later mastered the classical Hindustani style under the renowned Pandit Jasraj of Mewati gharana .
Born on 3 November 1959 , Shri .
 Ramesh Narayan hails from a family of Carnatic musicians settled at Kuthuparambu near Kannur , North Kerala .
 Ramesh Narayan had Ramesh Narayan early lessons in music from Ramesh Narayan parents , learning Carnatic music up to the age of 20 .
 While Ramesh Narayan was a student at the Music College , Chittoor , Palakkad Ramesh Narayan was deeply drawn to Hindustani music and decided to dedicate Ramesh Narayan to mastering Music College .
 Moving to Pune , Ramesh Narayan learnt Sitar under the tutelage of Shri .
Satchidananda Phadke , a renowned disciple of the Sitar Maestro Pandit Ravi Shankar .
 Becoming a competent Sitarist in no time , Ramesh Narayan found a competent Sitarist captivated by Hindustani vocal .
 a competent Sitarist joined the Akhil Bharatiya Gandharva Mahavidyalaya and took a competent Sitarist `` Visharad '' with high distinction .
 a competent Sitarist felt entranced by the passionately evocative style of Parampoojya Guruji , Padma Vibhushan , Sangeeth Martand , Pandit Jasraj and resolved to hone a competent Sitarist talent and technique under the Mewati Gharana Maestro .
Pandit Jasraj trained him rigorously in the subtler aspects of music in the traditional Gurukula style .
Ramesh Narayan has accompanied Guruji at several concerts .
 Blessed with a powerful and expressive voice , Ramesh Narayan renditions are noted for their depth of imagination .
 Ramesh Narayan is equally at ease with the weighty and expansive Khayal or the crisp and moving Bhajan .
 One of his feats is a 30-hour concert Ramesh Narayan gave in dedication of Ramesh Narayan father and guru , the late Narayana Bhagavathar , and to Pandit Motiram , an exponent of the Mewati gharana .
 Ramesh Narayan has composed , rendered and directed music for several feature films and television serials like Gharshom , Elayum Mullum , Magrib , Megh Malhar , Makalkku , Anyar , Sheelabati directed by well-known directors .
 Ramesh Narayan is accompanied at many of Ramesh Narayan concerts by Hema , Ramesh Narayan wife and disciple .
 She is an exponent in Carnatic music who is also fortunate to have trained under Parampoojya Guruji Pandit Jasrajji for some time .
 Ramesh Narayan is also blessed with two daughters , Madhuvanti and Madhushree who also follow Madhuvanti fathers footsteps .
Ramesh Narayan established the Pandit Mothiram Narayan Sangeeth Vidyalay in 1996 , at Thiruvananthapuram to foster learning and appreciation of Hindustani Classical Music .
 Inaugurated by Parampoojya , Parampoojya , Guruji , Pandit.Jasraj , the institution today imparts valuable training and insights to many discerning students .
 Branches exist at Kozhikode , Kochi , Thrissur in Kerala , He isvery good and at Coimbatore in Tamil Nadu .
The school also holds the privilege of being the only school in India associated with Mewati Gharana .
 Ans : All over India .
 One of my disciples Ramesh Narayan , is from Kerala , He isvery good , He isvery good and runs three school in Trivandrum , Ernakulam and Palghat
Srikrishna Babanrao Haldankar is an Indian classical singer , composer , and music teacher of Agra gharana of Hindustani classical music .
 Srikrishna Babanrao Haldankar is the son of painter Sawlaram Haldankar , and has won awards through Srikrishna Babanrao Haldankar career .
and is an Adjunct Professor of Indian Music at the University of Mumbai .
 an Adjunct Professor of Indian studied under Ustad Khadim Hussain of Agra gharana , who settled in Mumbai from Jaipur
Justin Hayward is an English musician , best known as singer , songwriter and guitarist in the rock band The Moody Blues .
 Justin Hayward was born in Dean Street , Swindon , Wiltshire , England and educated at Shrivenham School , Berkshire and The Commonweal School , in Swindon .
 When Justin Hayward was 15 Justin Hayward was able to afford a his Gibson guitar and a Vox amplifier through performing with local Swindon groups in clubs and dance halls playing mostly Buddy Holly songs .
One of Haywards early groups was All Things Bright , which opened for The Hollies and Brian Poole and the Tremeloes .
 At age 17 , Brian Poole signed a publishing contract as a songwriter with the skiffle artist and record producer Lonnie Donegan , a move Hayward later regretted as it meant the rights to all Brian Poole songs written before 1974 would always be owned by Donegans Tyler Music .
 In 1965 Brian Poole answered an advertisement in Melody Maker and auditioned as guitarist for Marty Wilde and Brian Poole went on to work with Marty Wilde and Brian Poole wife in The Wilde Three .
 In 1966 , after answering another ad in Melody Maker , this time placed by Eric Burdon of The Animals , Justin Hayward was contacted by Mike Pinder of The Moody Blues after Eric Burdon of The Animals had passed on Haywards letter and demo discs to Mike Pinder of The Moody Blues .
 Within a few days Justin Hayward had replaced departing Moody Blues vocalist and guitarist Denny Laine .
Bassist John Lodge replaced temporary deputy Rod Clarke who had stood in for departed Bassist Clint Warwick at the same time .
 After beginning by singing the old blues-inspired repertoire of The Moodies 1964-1965 era , Haywards initial artistic contribution to The Moody Blues was his song Fly US High , which was a Decca single early in 1967 .
It failed to chart but gave the revised band a new direction forward from the R & B sound they had been largely producing up to that point .
 Haywards driving rocker Leave This Man Alone was then used as B side to the next Moodies single on a Decca single , backing Mike Pinders Love And Beauty the first the next Moodies single on Decca record to feature the mellotron .
 Haywards and Lodges integration into the Moody Blues along with Pinders use of the Mellotron sparked greater commercial success and recognition for the band , transforming Haywards into one of pop musics biggest-selling acts .
 Justin Hayward says of Mike Pinder of The Moody Blues : Mike Pinder of The Moody Blues and the Mellotron made US songs work .
The 1967 album Days of Future Passed , one of the first and most influential symphonic rock albums , spawned the Hayward-penned singles Tuesday Afternoon and Nights in White Satin .
 The latter record went on to sell over two million copies , charting Three times in the UK and has been recorded by many other recording artists .
Haywards B side song Cities being an early ecology themed item .
 Justin Hayward became the groups main onstage figurehead over the 1967-1974 period , and the most prolific songwriter and composer of several big hit singles for the band .
 During this time Justin Hayward wrote memorable album tracks such as : Tuesday Afternoon Time to Get Away , of Forever Afternoon -RRB- , The Actor , Lovely to See You , Never Comes the Day , Gypsy , Its Up To You , Dawning is The Day , You Can Never Go Home , The Story in Your Eyes , New Horizons , The Land of Make-Believe , and Island .
 Justin Hayward wrote the bands UK # 2 hit , Question as well as Voices in the Sky , Driftwood , The Voice , Blue World , Your Wildest Dreams , I Know Youre Out There Somewhere , English Sunset and December Snow ; in all , writing 20 of the groups 27 post-1967 singles .
 In addition to handling the lead vocals on Justin Hayward own compositions , Justin Hayward also took a featured lead or co-lead vocal on other band members songs such as ; Dawn is A Feeling , Gimmie A Little Something , Isnt Life Strange , Candle of Life , After You , The Spirit Came , Ill Be Level With You , The Spirit .
Nothing Changes etc. .
 The Moodies attempts to come up with another specific hit single during the 1967-68 period saw them record Three other Hayward compositions ; Long Summer Days , King and Queen and What Am US Doing Here ?
all of which were then left unissued , but together with unissued songs by Mike Pinder and John Lodge later formed the studio side four of Deccas 1977 release ; Caught Live Plus Five which largely comprised a December 1969 Live Recording of a concert at The Royal Albert Hall .
 Justin Hayward also co-wrote album tracks with Ray Thomas - Visions of Paradise , Are You Sitting Comfortably , Watching and Waiting , and much later Never Blame the Rainbows for the Rain , plus later co-wrote many songs with John Lodge for The Moodies , notably Gemini Dream , Meet Me Halfway , Talkin Talkin , Want To Be With You , Once is Enough , Strange Times , Sooner or Later among others .
 Haywards songs have opened each of The Moodies albums in Sooner or Later among others post Mike Pinder era since Long Distance Voyager in 1981 , and his songs , both solo compositions and co-written with John Lodge , plus his lead vocals , harmony voice , and guitar playing have been a major overriding factor in the bands work and continued success since 1981 .
 Sooner or Later among others album sales from 1978 to the present are more than 60 million .
 This is the regularly quoted total of their album sales , since the total sales of Sooner or Later among others albums before 1978 is disputed due to lack of official record company data , However the period 1967 to 1974 was when Sooner or Later among others albums were charting highest in the UK and US plus worldwide - Days of Future Passed topped the US album charts on re-issue in 1972 , then was followed into the album charts by the new studio album Seventh Sojourn .
In 1974 , the Moody Blues decided to take what ended up being a four-year break from performing and recording .
 Justin Hayward continued working with Bassist John Lodge and producer Tony Clarke , using musicians from the Moody Blues label , Threshold , and sounding very much like the mother group .
 Together , Lodge and producer Tony Clarke had a hit in 1975 with Blue Guitar , and released an album titled Blue Jays .
 In 1977 Justin Hayward recorded Justin Hayward first solo album Songwriter .
 Justin Hayward enjoyed international solo success in 1978 when Justin Hayward appeared on Jeff Waynes Musical Version of The War of the Worlds concept album , which yielded Justin Hayward hits Forever Autumn and The Eve of the War .
 Jeff Waynes later contributed to Haywards 1980 album Night Flight .
 Justin Hayward issued a rare non-album single Marie c/w Heart of Steel in April 1979 , both sides composed by Justin Hayward , the A side dedicated to Justin Hayward wife .
 These tracks were later included among the Bonus tracks on a CD re-issue of Justin Hayward Songwriter solo album in 2004 .
 During the 1980s , Justin Hayward composed and performed for film and television , including the theme song It Wont Be Easy for the 1987 BBC2 science fiction series Star Cops , Something Evil , Something Dangerous for the film , Eternal Woman for the film She and music for the animated television series The Shoe People .
 In 1989 , with producer-arranger Mike Batt , Justin Hayward released Classic Blue , an album of pop standards written by other composers , set to orchestration arranged by Mike Pinder of The Moody Blues .
Classic Blue included a cover version of Led Zeppelin s hit Stairway to Heaven .
Haywards solo album , The View from the Hill , was released in 1996 , and a live recording , Live in San Juan Capistrano , followed in 1998 .
 Justin Hayward contributed vocals to a song on Rick Wakeman s 1999 album Return to the Centre of the Earth .
 In 2003 Justin Hayward sang along with other rock singers on another orchestral album , consisting of Moody Blues songs with the Frankfurt Rock Orchestra , titled Justin Hayward and Friends Perform the Hits of the Moody Blues .
 Justin Hayward was later involved in a legal dispute , now resolved , arguing Justin Hayward was not paid for Justin Hayward participation on the album .
 In April 2006 , Justin Hayward took part in the stage tour of Jeff Waynes Musical Version of The War of the Worlds , reprising Justin Hayward role in Autumn 2007 in Australia and in the UK in December 2007 .
 Justin Hayward did so again in the UK in June 2009 , and appeared on the tour in November and December 2010 .
 In March 2007 Justin Hayward collaborated with a Manchester DJ Damian Corcoran , their work thrived in the underground dance scene with 1 track Its stopped entering the Billboard charts at number 3 , this track is cited as The reason US wanted to make music by Will US am .
 The Moody Blues , with Justin Hayward , Bassist John Lodge and original drummer Graeme Edge , continue to tour extensively and in a recent BBC World Service interview , Justin Hayward and Bassist John Lodge made BBC World Service clear they have no plans to stop working , regarding BBC World Service as a privilege to still be working in the music industry .
 In an interview , in 2005 , Graeme Edge said if Graeme Edge remained in good health , Graeme Edge could go on for 10 more years .
 On December 10 , 2011 Justin Hayward along with Ian Anderson from Jethro Tull and Bruce Dickinson from Iron Maiden played a concert together at Canterbury Cathedral .
Haywards album Spirits of the Western Sky was released on 26 February 2013 on the Eagle / Lagare International labels .
 On February 26 , 2013 Justin Hayward released Justin Hayward solo album Spirits of the Western Sky on the Eagle Rock label .
 Justin Hayward toured solo with this album on the east coast of the USA in August 2013 , to much acclaim , with Moody Blues backups keyboardist Alan Hewitt , and vocalist Julie Ragins and an opening act and accompanying guitarist for Justin Hayward in the show , UKs Mike Dawes , an amazing guitarist in Justin Hayward own right .
The final show of the solo tour in Atlanta , GA was recorded for a DVD project to be released soon .
 For the most part , Justin Hayward has used a red his Gibson ES-335 , though Justin Hayward also uses other guitars in both performing and recording , including a 1955 Martin D-28 Dreadnought , a James Olson six-string acoustic , a black Guild acoustic , a Squier Stratocaster , a Fender Telecaster , a blonde Guild 12-string acoustic , a 12-string his Gibson acoustic , and in 1967 a black Gibson Les Paul .
 Between 1965 and 1968 Justin Hayward was without Justin Hayward Gibson 335 and relied on other instruments , most notably a 1964 Fender Telecaster and a hand-built 12-string guitar Justin Hayward had renovated for Lonnie Donegan .
 However , in an interview included on the Lovely to See You concert DVD , Justin Hayward says the 1963 Gibson 335 has been with Gibson 335 since 1967 .
 Recently Justin Hayward has played a Collings D3 on stage and on recordings .
 Among other instruments , Justin Hayward also played mandolin on A Question of Balance and sitar on In Search of the Lost Chord .
 At the end of one love affair and the beginning of another , the song Nights in White Satin was , according to Justin Hayward , written in adoration of all women .
 Ann Marie Guirron & Justin Hayward were married on 19 December 1970 .
 Justin Hayward was awarded the first of numerous awards from the American Society of Composers , Authors and Publishers for songwriting in 1974 .
 In 1985 , the Moody Blues picked up the Ivor Novello Award for Outstanding Contribution to Music , and in 1988 Justin Hayward received the Novello , among other honours , for Composer of the Year .
 In 2000 , Justin Hayward was one of a handful of British artists to receive the Golden Note award for lifetime achievement by ASCAP .
 In 2004 , Justin Hayward was awarded the Gold Badge for lifetime achievement by the British Academy of Songwriters , Composers and Authors
Ustad Tanveer Ahmed Khan is an Indian vocalist in the Hindustani classical tradition , from the Delhi Gharana .
 Ustad Tanveer Ahmed Khan sings Khyal , Thumri , Dadra , Tappa , Tarana , Bhajans and Ghazals .
 Tanveer Ahmed Khan was born into a musical family of Dilli Gharana at Mausiqui Manzil in Darya Ganj , New Delhi .
 Ustad Tanveer Ahmed Khan started learning classical music at the early age of 4 years from Chand Khan .
 After Ustad Tanveer Ahmed Khan , Ustad Tanveer Ahmed Khan learnt from Ustad Tanveer Ahmed Khan grandfather Usman Khan and later on from Ustad Tanveer Ahmed Khan father Naseer Ahmed Khan .
 Ustad Tanveer Ahmed Khan has lived in New Delhi from Ustad Tanveer Ahmed Khan childhood and has done Ustad Tanveer Ahmed Khan schooling from St. James School , Munirka , New Delhi .
 After the death of Naseer Ahmed Khan in 1986 , Tanveer Ahmed Khan continued Naseer Ahmed Khan in 1986 musical training from various maestros of Dilli Gharana such as Zafar Ahmed Khan , Zahoor Ahmed Khan and Hilal Ahmed Khan .
 In 1994 , Naseer Ahmed Khan in 1986 started learning from Iqbal Ahmed Khan .
Miyan Achpal Khan is the fountainhead of the Dilli Gharana .
A senior contemporary and sangeet guru of Emperor Bahadur Shah Zafar , the last Mughal emperor , Miyan Achpal Khan trained the likes of Tanras Khan .
He belonged to the lineage of Meer Hasan Samant and was son and Mureed of Bheekan Shah .
Miyan Achpal Khan was both a musician and composer of high order .
 After Miyan Achpal Khan , the legacy continued with Miyan Achpal Khan grandson Chand Khan .
In Dilli Gharana , Gayaki is quite different from others .
The unfolding of the raga begins with nom-tom alaap followed by the vilambit khayal .
After enunciating the asthayi , the raga is elaborated with bol-alaap , after which the vocalist proceeds with the antara .
Dilli Gharana does not rigidly confine to note by note development of raga but makes judicious sortie into higher octaves .
This segment is embellished with gamak , meend , khatka , murki etc. .
 This style is especially known for This style lachav and ghulav .
The drut khayal begins with bol-banav , i.e. artistic variation of text .
 Dilli Gharana is reputed for The drut khayal variety of intricate taans , which may well be called The drut khayal hallmark .
Other outstanding features are the shapely amad , complex yet accurate tihaais , purity of raga and fidelity of compositions .
Tanveer Ahmed Khan has given many successful performances in various cities of India and abroad such as Australia , Holland , U.A.E. , Bangladesh , Pakistan and many Gulf countries .
 Ustad Tanveer Ahmed Khan has also performed for many prestigious music societies such as Shree Baba Harivallabh Sangeet Sammelan , Sangeet Natak Academy , Malhar Maha Ustav Gwalior , Sahitya Kala Parishad , Asavari , Haridas Tansen Music Festival , SEHMAT , SA MA PA Music Festival , Ustad Bade Gulam Ali Khan Yaadgaar Sabha and Khashi Baithak Sabha .
The guru-shishya tradition , lineage , or parampara , denotes a succession of teachers and disciples in traditional Indian culture and religions such as Hinduism , Sikhism , Jainism and Buddhism .
It is the tradition of spiritual relationship and mentoring where teachings are transmitted from a guru teacher to a disciple or chela .
Such knowledge , whether it be Vedic , agamic , architectural , musical or spiritual , is imparted through the developing relationship between the guru and the disciple .
It is considered that this relationship , based on the genuineness of the guru , and the respect , commitment , devotion and obedience of the student , is the best way for subtle or advanced knowledge to be conveyed .
The student eventually masters the knowledge that the guru embodies .
Tanveer Ahmed Khan is continuing the Guru-Shishya Prampara of the Delhi Gharana , including disciples from Faculty of Music and Fine Arts at Delhi University , and from Indraprastha University .
Tanveer Ahmed Khan has won many awards in music like Sangeet Ratna , Kala shree , Sahitya Kala Parishad , All India Music Award , Begum Akhtar Award , Surmani and Sangeet Shiromani .
 The Amir Khusro Institute Of Music awarded Ustad Tanveer Ahmed Khan the title Prince of Taan
 Apratim Majumdar , is an Indian classical musician from Kolkata , Swar-Sadhana Samiti , India .
He plays the Sarod .
His Dhrupadee Veenkar style of Ustad Alauddin Khan s Seni Veenkar Gharana : analytically imaginative prosodic progression with metrical waves of melodic phrases interwoven with highest order of technical brilliance and maturity reminds the great legends of the Gharana .
He is an internationally recognized instructor of classical Indian music .
He has been tutored and groomed by Rabin Ghosh , disciple of Ustad Alauddin Khan , under the strict discipline and style of Ustad Alauddin Khan Seni Veenkar Gharana of Maihar and Rampur for over nineteen years .
Apratims study in Music under Rabin Ghosh continues .
Apratim also received training for a period of three years from Shree Partho Sarothy , disciple of Ustad Dhyanesh Khan and Pt .
Ravishankar .
 Apratim received training for a period of three years from Shree Partho Sarothy , disciple of Ustad Dhyanesh Khan and Pt .
Ravishankar .
 Presently Ravishankar . is under training of Dr. Pradip Kumar Chakraborty , one of the seniormost disciples of Pt .
Ravi Shankar .
Awarded by West Bengal State Music Akademi and The Dover Lane Music conference .
Sur Mani title conferred by Sur Singar Samsad Mumbai .
 Ravi Shankar . Dhrupadee Veenkar style of Ustad Alauddin Khans Seni Veenkar Gharana , analytically imaginative prosodic progression with metrical waves of melodic phrases interwoven with highest order of technical brilliance and maturity reminds the great legends of the Gharana .
Apratim performed a number of prestigious concerts .
 Some of these are : at National Center for the Performing Arts - the Sur Singar Samsad Mumbai , Swami Haridas Sangeet Sammelan - the Sur Singar Samsad Mumbai , Vasantrao Chandorkar Smriti Pratisthan - Jalgaon , Kal Ke Kalakar Sangeet Sammelan - the Sur Singar Samsad Mumbai , Indian Classical Music Young Talents Conference - Kolkata , Swar-Sadhana Samiti , Swar-Sadhana Samiti - the Sur Singar Samsad Mumbai , Uttarpara Sangeet Chakra Annual Music Conference , India International Center and many others .
Apratim has also performed in Germany , France , Denmark , Switzerland , Italy , Holland , Austria and Bangladesh .
He was awarded prizes by West Bengal State Music Akademi and The Dover Lane Music conference in the year 2000 .
He received the prestigious Sur Mani title by the Sur Singar Samsad Mumbai .
He is `` Sangeet Bhaskar '' from Pracheen Kalakendra , Chandigarh .
Apratim has composed music for number of Short films .
He is teaching students in Guru-sishya-parampara style , doing Workshops and Lecture Demonstrations.He is also teaching online
It is a popular raga of the late night , which is meant to depict the emotion of a woman waiting for reunion with her lover .
It is said to have been first sung by Mian Tansen , the celebrated court singer of the Emperor Akbar in the sixteenth century .
Related ragas : List related ragas here , making each raga a link with
Pandit Sankha Chatterjee is an Indian tabla player .
 Pandit Sankha Chatterjee studied under three traditional Tabla Gharana in strict Parampara tradition .
Born into a musical family in Calcutta , India .
 a musical family in Calcutta , India father was a Doctor and musical enthusiast , exposing His father to formal tuition early in life under the legendary Ustad Maseet Khan of the Farukhabad Gharana of Tabla .
 His father Studied under Ustad Maseet Khan , Pandit Sankha Chatterjee subsequently learnt from His father son Ustad Keramatulla Khan and later from Late Tabla Maestro Ustad Alla Rakha Khan of the Punjab Gharana .
 Sankha Chatterjee style is a blend of three leading Delhi Gharanas , the Farukkabad , the Punjab Gharana and Delhi Gharanas .
 Pandit Sankha Chatterjee still performs and teaches .
 Pandit Sankha Chatterjee divides Pandit Sankha Chatterjee time teaching in Berlin and Calcutta , India as Pandit Sankha Chatterjee bases and holds workshops across Europe and the United States .
 Pandit Sankha Chatterjee leading students are amongst some of the leading virtuosos of the younger generation of tabla players such as Gouri Shankar Karmakar , Subhojyoti Guha , Amit Chatterjee , Mihir Kundu , Friedemann Zintel and Federico Sanesi .
 Pandit Sankha Chatterjee daughter Sangeeta Bandopadhyay is a leading classical vocalist of the Patiala Gharana of Indian classical sangeet
 This is an India musical raga that appears in the Sikh tradition from northern India and is part of the Sikh holy scripture called Sri Guru Granth Sahib or Guru Granth Sahib for short .
 Every raga has a strict set of rules which govern the number of notes that can be used ; which notes can be used ; and This interplay that has to be adhered to for the composition of a tune .
 In the Guru Granth Sahib , the Sikh holy Granth there are a total of 31 raga compositions and this raga is the ninth raga to appear in the series .
The composition in this raga appear on a total of only 2 pages from page numbers 719 to 721 .
This raga appears in the Ragmala as the first ragini of Sri raga .
In the Mesakarna Ragmala , which is almost the same as that of the Guru Granth Sahib , the first ragini of Siri Raga is given as Vairati .
 However , modern sources do not give the old Bairari nor Vairati but Barari and Varari as well as Varati are listed .
 Kaufmann believes that all of these names refer to the same raga , Barari .
 Whether the same as the old Bairari is the same as the old Bairari is open to question .
 The possibility always exists that the old Bairari was a regional tune .
 The possibility was used by Guru Ram Das for six short hymns and by Guru Arjan for one .
This raga is performed during the evening and it is currently assigned to the Marva thata .
 It resembles Purva Kalyan , the main difference being the use of Pa which is strong in the old Bairari and weak in Purva-Kalyan .
Popley places Bairari in the same group as Sri Raga and this would agree with the Ragmala .
The following represents the order of notes that can be used on the ascending and descending phase of the composition and the primary and secondary notes : .
In the Guru Granth Sahib there are 2 pages dedicated to this raga from page 719 to 721
Kedar Naphade is an Indian harmonium player in the Hindustani classical tradition .
 Kedar Naphade was born into a Maharashtrian family in the city of Bharat Natya Mandir in Pune , India .
 Kedar Naphade father , Sudheer Naphade is a professional in the Merchant Navy and was the Nautical Advisor to the Government of Mumbai , India .
 Sudheer Naphade mother Pushpalata Naphade is a physician .
 His mother Pushpalata Naphade grew up in a traditional middle class environment in a suburb of Bharat Natya Mandir in Pune .
 His mother Pushpalata Naphade received initial music education and training in the harmonium from His mother Pushpalata Naphade grandfather Shri Dadasaheb Naphade and from Arwind Gajendragadkar .
 Since 1980 , from the age of 8 , His mother Pushpalata Naphade started learning harmonium solo and accompaniment from Tulsidas Borkar .
 His mother Pushpalata Naphade was also closely associated with and learnt from Padmavati Shaligram-Gokhale of the Atrauli-Jaipur Gharana from 1989-1993 .
 His mother Pushpalata Naphade finished His mother Pushpalata Naphade engineering degree at the Indian Institute of Technology in Mumbai in 1993 .
 Subsequently His mother Pushpalata Naphade relocated to the United States of America , where His mother Pushpalata Naphade finished His mother Pushpalata Naphade Ph.D. in Operations Research from Lehigh University in 1997 .
 Kedar Naphade has been performing harmonium solo and accompaniment concerts since 1982 .
 Kedar Naphade was featured as a child artist on the Mumbai Television Channel Doordarshan in the early 1980s and started performing professionally as a soloist and accompanist of Hindustani Classical music in 1990 , at the age of 18 .
 Kedar Naphade first came into limelight with a concert at the prestigious Annual Alladiya Khan Smruti Samaroha in Bharat Natya Mandir in Pune , India with Smt .
Padmavati Shaligram-Gokhalie in 1992 .
Kedars music derives inspiration from the stylistic genius and dexterous wizardry of Tulshidas Borkar and his guru P. Madhukar as well as the character of the traditional Hindustani vocal art form .
 In addition to classical music , Kedar Naphade also plays the semi-classical forms of Marathi Natyasangeet , Bhajans , Thumri etc. .
 Kedar Naphade has performed harmonium solo and has accompanied vocalists at numerous concerts in Mumbai , India , Europe and in the U.S. .
 Kedar Naphade has more than 500 concert appearances to Kedar Naphade credit , including prestigious festivals and venues such as the Alladiya Khan Smruti Samaroha , Dadar Matunga Cultural Center and Vile Parle Music Circle in Bharat Natya Mandir in Pune , Surel Samvadini Sanvardhan institute in Belgaum , Karnataka , Kala Academy in Panaji Goa , Bharat Natya Mandir in Pune , Mumbai , India , the London U.K. Marathi Mandal , The Lincoln Center in New York , Carnegie Hall in New York , The Smithsonian Institute in Washington D.C. , the LearnQuest Academy music conference in Boston , the Chhandayan Annual All Night Music Conference in New York etc. .
 Kedar Naphade has also been featured on radio stations such as the National Public Radio , WKCR 89.9 , e-Prasaran Internet radio etc. .
 Kedar Naphade has collaborated on stage with legendary musicians of India such as Kedar Naphade guru Smt .
Padmavati Shaligram-Gokhale , Pt .
 Jasraj , Smt .
 Veena Sahasrabuddhe , Pt .
 Ulhas Kashalkar , Smt .
 Prabha Atre , Smt .
 Laxmi Shankar , Pt .
 Phiroz Dastur , Smt .
Ashwini Bhide-Deshpande , etc. .
 Ashwini Bhide-Deshpande has also collaborated with other instrumentalists and worked in instrumental ensembles with other instruments such as the sitar , flute , violin and mandolin .
 Ashwini Bhide-Deshpande is a reputed teacher of the harmonium for Indian Classical music and two of his students Rohan Prabhudesai and Swarup Swaminathan have started providing professional accompaniment in Hindustani classical music .
 Kedar Naphade added a new chapter in Kedar Naphade Music life when Kedar Naphade started the First Online Music teaching school for the harmonium under Ace Open University in 2010
Bandish , Cheez or Gat is a fixed , melodic composition in Hindustani vocal or instrumental music .
 Bandish is set in a specific raga , performed with rhythmic accompaniment by a tabla or pakhavaj , a steady drone , and melodic accompaniment by a sarangi , violin or harmonium .
There are different ways of systematizing the parts of a composition .
A bandish provides the literature element in the music , for standard structured singing .
In the past many gharanas protected their bandishes from moving out of the family with gross incoherent vocal renditions .
 In the realm of vocal music , it is often known as Cheez .
The word Bandish is derived from Hindi language , and literally means binding together .
Sthayi or Asthayi : The initial , Rondo phrase or line of a fixed , melodic composition .
Antara : The first body phrase or line of a fixed , melodic composition .
Sanchari : The third body phrase or line of a fixed , melodic composition , seen more typically in Dhrupad bandishes .
Aabhog : The fourth and concluding body phrase or line of a fixed , melodic composition , seen more typically in Dhrupad bandishes .
 There are three variations of Bandish , regarding tempo : .
Vilambit Bandish : A slow and steady melodic composition , usually in Largo to Adagio speeds .
Madhyalaya Bandish : A medium tempo melodic competition , usually set in Andante to Allegretto speeds .
Drut Bandish : A fast tempo melodic composition , usually set to Allegretto speed , and onwards
Ahmed Jan Thirakwa Khan was an Indian tabla player , commonly considered the preeminent soloist among tabla players of the 20th century , and among the most influential percussionists in the history of Indian classical music .
 Ahmed Jan Thirakwa Khan was known for Ahmed Jan Thirakwa Khan mastery of the fingering techniques and aesthetic values of various tabla styles , technical virtuosity , formidable stage presence , and soulful musicality .
 While Ahmed Jan Thirakwa Khan had command over the traditional tabla repertoire of various gharanas , Ahmed Jan Thirakwa Khan was also distinguished by the way in which Ahmed Jan Thirakwa Khan brought together these diverse compositions , Ahmed Jan Thirakwa Khan reinterpretation of traditional methods of improvisation , and Ahmed Jan Thirakwa Khan own compositions .
 Ahmed Jan Thirakwa Khan solo recitals were of the first to elevate the art of playing tabla solo to an art in its own right in the popular mind .
 Ahmed Jan Thirakwa Khan style of playing influenced many generations of tabla players .
 Thirakwa Khan-sahib was born to a family of musicians in 1874 year of birth is contested by a number of scholars and students of Hindustani classical music ; e.g. , Kumarprasad Mukhopadhyay in Ahmed Jan Thirakwa Khan Kudrat Rangibirangi in Moradabad in Uttar Pradesh state in northern India .
 Although Ahmed Jan Thirakwa Khan early musical training was in Hindustani vocals and the sarangi , Ahmed Jan Thirakwa Khan interest in tabla was aroused when Ahmed Jan Thirakwa Khan heard Munir Khan .
 Ahmed Jan Thirakwa Khan became Munir Khans disciple at the age of 12 .
 For a long time , Ahmed Jan Thirakwa Khan played in the court of the Nawabs of Rampur and during this time , came in close contact with the maestroes of Agra , Jaipur , Gwalior and Patiala gharana - both vocalists and instrumentalists .
 On very few occasions , Ahmed Jan Thirakwa Khan rendered Bandishes in Ahmed Jan Thirakwa Khan own voice but this was only in the company of extremely close compatriots and admirers.As an accompanist , Ahmed Jan Thirakwa Khan was equally loved respected and admired by Ahmed Jan Thirakwa Khan peers , elders and juniors all of whom were not from the schools of classical music .
One noteworthy artiste in this category of admirers was the great Rabindrasangeet exponent Suchitra Mitra .
The name Thirakwa is not actually his original name , but was an epithet he earned from his gurus father .
One day , while watching him practise , his gurus father remarked that he played so well his fingers seemed to be shimmering on the tabla .
This earned him the nickname thirakwa .
It is also rumored that his tone was similar to the thunderous cracking sound of lightning .
A great lightning is sometimes described as thirakwa .
In popular jargon , Ahmad Jaan Thirakwa is termed as the Mount Everest of Tabliyas .
He performed at regular intervals in almost all the music conferences in various parts of the country and gained popularity as well as admiration .
 A connoisseur of biryani and kababs , Ahmad Jaan was famous for A connoisseur of biryani and kababs interpretation of the wide-ranging patterns of the beat-cycles which A connoisseur of biryani and kababs liberally taught to A connoisseur of biryani and kababs disciples.A few number of his live recordings are now available in audio-visual form that include excerpts from A connoisseur of biryani and kababs different programmes over the years and which also provide glimpses of A connoisseur of biryani and kababs mastery over percussion .
Thirakwa was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 1954 and the Padma Bhushan in 1970 .
 Ust Ahmedjan Thirakwa , during his long career as a musician , trained many disciples all across northern India .
 Pt Lalji Gokhale , famous vocalist of Agra gharana Pt Jagannath buwa Purohit , Pt Narayanrao Joshi , Pt Bhai Gaitonde , Pt Bapu Patwardhan , Shri Anand Shidhaye and Rashid Mustafa are some of Lalji Gokhale well known shagirds .
Ust Ahmedjans unique style continues to attract many tabla players of present generation including Zakir Hussain , Chandra Nath Shastri and Anindo Chatterjee
Sriram Parasuram is an Hindustani classical vocalist .
 Sriram Parasuram also plays the violin .
 Sriram Parasuram is married to Carnatic classical vocalist Anuradha Sriram , with whom Sriram Parasuram gives jugalbandis .
They have two sons named Jayant and Lokesh .
 Sriram Parasuram received Sriram Parasuram Ph.D. in Ethnomusicology from Wesleyan University , where Sriram Parasuram met Anuradha when his Ph.D. was a masters student
The Imdadkhani gharana is a North Indian school of sitar and surbahar music , stemming from the very ancient Gwalior gharana .
 the very ancient Gwalior gharana was created by Imdad Khan , and is also known as the Etawah gharana , after a small town close to Agra where Imdad Khan lived .
Many direct descendants of Imdad Khan continue the tradition today .
The Khan family is one of the most renowned musical families from India .
It traces its origins back through an unbroken line of celebrated musicians to the 16th Century where music has been passed down from father to son for almost 400 years .
 With its roots in Agra , the gharana was later moved to Etawah on the outskirts of Agra before finally branching out to Calcutta with Enayat Khan and Hyderabad , Indore and Mumbai with Wahid Khan .
The gharanas major achievements include the development of the Surbahar , major structural changes to both the sitar and surbahar and the creation and development of the instrumental style known as the gayaki ang .
Living performers of the family include Imrat Khan , Shahid Parvez , Shujaat Khan , Nishat Khan , Irshad Khan , Wajahat Khan , and Hidayat Khan .
 The musical tradition includes many notable musicians who studied with the family and perform in Living performers of the family musical style .
 All of these musicians are known collectively as the Etawah gharana , or the Imdadkhani gharana after Imdad Khan , the very ancient Gwalior gharana is one of the oldest , most illustrious gharanas of Indian classical music
Ustad Sultan Khan was an Indian sarangi player and Classical vocalist belonging to Indore Gharana .
 Ustad Sultan Khan was one of the members of the Indian fusion group Tabla Beat Science , with Zakir Hussain and Bill Laswell .
 Ustad Sultan Khan was awarded the Padma Bhushan , Indias third highest civilian honor , in 2010 .
Sultan Khan was born in Sikar , Rajasthan , near Jaipur , the princely state of in the Indian Empire .
 Ustad Sultan Khan learned sarangi from Ustad Sultan Khan father Gulab Khan .
 Ustad Sultan Khan started Ustad Sultan Khan career at the radio station Rajkot in Gujarat as a 20 year old boy .
 After having spent eight years in Rajkot very happily , Rajkot very got a chance to play with Lata Mangeshkar during her visit to Rajkot very .
 This proved a turning point for Rajkot very .
 Thereafter Rajkot very was transferred to the Mumbai radio station.Having joined the Mumbai radio Rajkot very was not only deeply involved with the Mumbai classical music circuit but also with film industry music .
 Rajkot very gave Rajkot very first performance at the All-India Conference at the age of eleven , and has performed on an international scale with Ravi Shankar on George Harrison s 1974 Dark Horse World Tour .
 Rajkot very has won numerous musical awards including , twice , the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award , also known as the Presidents Award , as well as the Gold Medalist Award of Maharashtra and the American Academy of Artists Award in 1998 .
 In 1997 Rajkot very was requested to perform at Prince Charles 50th birthday celebrations .
 Rajkot very has had the good fortune of accompanying all the great Maestros like Ustad Amir Khan , Ustad Bade Ghulam Ali Khan , Pt .
Omkarnath Thakur , Ustad Nazakat ali-Salamat ali khan , Kishori Amonkar are the name to few .
 Omkarnath Thakur is acknowledged both as a Sarangi player and a vocalist & has several albums to Omkarnath Thakur credit .
 Omkarnath Thakur has taught music producers such as Sukshinder Shinda and Ram Gopal Varma to play the sarangi .
 Omkarnath Thakur had many students , but few gandhabandha disciples are Anand Vyas , Ikram Khan and Deeyah , a Norwegian born singer , and Anand Vyas performed on Deeyah debut album I Alt Slags Lys in 1992 .
 Omkarnath Thakur contributed vocals and sarangi to Dizrhythmias first LP and Gavin Harrison s 1998 solo album Sanity & Gravity .
 Omkarnath Thakur sang Albela Sajan Aayo Re ... along with Kavita Krishnamurthy and Shankar Mahadevan in the Hindi film Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam in 1999 .
 Omkarnath Thakur has also given Omkarnath Thakur voice in films like Maqbool , Kachche Dhaage , Mr. and Mrs. Iyer , Parzania , Jab We Met , Agni Varsha , Superstar , Rahul and Paanch .
 In 1984 oscar winning film `` Gandhi '' also featured Omkarnath Thakur music and thereafter Omkarnath Thakur recorded for other Hollywood films such as `` Heat and Dust '' .
 In 1993 Omkarnath Thakur performed along with Ustad Allah Rakha Khan and Ustad Zakir Hussain in one of the rooms at the House of Commons where eminent persons were in attendance to witness a rare musical performance at the seat of Government .
It was this time whenhe became a regular artist for BBC Radio London .
 He was also interviewed for the BBC Radio London world service and also composed the musical track for the BBC Radio London 2 documentary `` BBC Radio London Calling '' .
The association with Late Ismail Merchant further when Ustad Sultan Khan together with Ustad Zakir Hussain composed the soundtrack for the film `` In Custody '' and where the musical score adapted to suite a particular genre of the Urdu language .
Thereafter Ustan Sultan Khan also composed musical score for another Merchant Ivory production , this time for Channel 4 in Britain , called `` The Street Musician of Bombay '' .
He has several albums to his credits and he has been applauded by for his performances by Madonna .
He also performed in a Sufi Music Festival at the White house in Washington , United States of America .
Sultan Khan appeared on Good People in Times of Evil in 2000 with Jonas Hellborg and guitar virtuoso Shawn Lane .
 Ustad Sultan Sultan Khans album Piya Basanti was released in 2000 and Sultan Khans was the number one album of the year .
 Some of Ustad Sultan Khans album Piya Basanti other famous albums are Ustad Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan & the Divas T-Series , Ustad Sultan Khan & Ustad Sultan Khans album Piya Basanti friends - Times Music , Shoonya - BMG , Bhoomi - Virgin and Pukaar - Sony Music with Ustad Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan etc. .
Sultan Khan performed for the Tamil film Yogi .
 Ustad Sultan Khan played a solo sarangi for Yogis theme and also for the song Yaarodu Yaaro from the same album .
 British writer Geoff Dyer has said that Ustad Sultan Khan is an admirer of Sultan Khans work , especially Ustad Sultan Khan rendition of a Rajastani folk song at the end of a 1991 recording of Rag Bhupali with Zakir Hussain on tabla .
 Ustad Sultan Khan has written of Sultan Khans performance , Khans performance is one of the most beautiful pieces of music I know - an audible vision of how the world might appear if you were able to purge yourself of all baseness and ugliness .
 Ustad Sultan Khan is survived by Ustad Sultan Khan Wife Bano , son Sabir Khan , who is Ustad Sultan Khan disciple and a Sarangi player and two daughters Reshma and Shera .
 Ustad Sultan Khan brother Niyaz Ahmed Khan is a Sitar player .
 a Sitar player nephews are Dilshad Khan is a Sarangi player , Imran Khan is a Sitar player and a music composer , Salamat Ali Khan is a Sitar player and Irfan Khan is also a Sitar player .
 Outside the family he had many students including Anand Vyas khan & Dr. Kashyap Dave .
 Ustad Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan died on 27 November 2011 in Mumbai , Maharashtra , India after a prolonged illness .
 Ustad Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan was undergoing dialysis for the last four years and lost Ustad Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan speech in Ustad Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan last few days .
 Ustad Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan died on Ustad Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan way to the hospital .
 The funeral was held in Ustad Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan hometown of Jodhpur , Rajasthan on 28 November 2011
Ramesh Laxman Nadkarni was a Hindustani classical music singer from Jogeshwari .
Nadkarni a disciple of Aman Ali Khan had composed over 250 melodies and Ragas .
 Nadkarni a disciple of Aman Ali Khan was honored for Nadkarni a disciple of Aman Ali Khan dedicated lifelong service to classical music and was awarded a fellowship by Sursingar Sansad , Mumbai .
 Nadkarni a disciple of Aman Ali Khan was part of BHENDI BAZAR GHARANA .
 young Ramesh was born in Mumbai in 1921 to a Chitrapur Saraswat Brahmin family from Bankikodla-Hanehalli .
 young Ramesh father Laxman Nadkarni was an employee of the mint facility at Hyderabad .
 young Ramesh spent young Ramesh childhood in Bankikodla .
 After completing young Ramesh middle school , young Ramesh came to Mumbai to study music .
 young Ramesh mother Uma a devotional singer inspired young Ramesh to study Hindustani music .
 After graduating from the University of Mumbai , young Ramesh continued young Ramesh music interest to earn Sangeeta Pravaeena .
 His father Laxman Nadkarni had already become a disciple of Aman Ali Khan .
 young Ramesh was married to Sushila Balwally from Ankola .
 At the age of 30 , young Ramesh came back to young Ramesh village and served as a music teacher of the A. H. School , Bankikodla a school at young Ramesh village until 1957 .
 During young Ramesh stay at Bankikodla , young Ramesh taught English , and sanskrit including music at school ; young Ramesh kept young Ramesh busy in music programs of All India Radio , Dharwar .
At the age of 37 , AIR hired Ramesh Nadkarni as a music producer in Cuttack .
 His father Laxman Nadkarni spent almost two decades working for AIR at various places including Indore , Bhopal , New Delhi , Dharwar and Mumbai where His father Laxman Nadkarni retired as a director of AIR .
 His father Laxman Nadkarni wrote a biography of Mallikarjun Mansur in Kannada titled Nanna Ras Yatre .
 His father Laxman Nadkarni was a Music Guru of a different type .
 His father Laxman Nadkarni , though basically followed BHENDI BAZAR GHARANA style of singing was very broad and open minded .
 His father Laxman Nadkarni His father Laxman Nadkarni was appreciative of nice points in different gharanas and always encouraged His father Laxman Nadkarni disciples to listen to different music styles , appreciate the good points in different styles , and make efforts to imbibe them in ones style of singing .
 His father Laxman Nadkarni maintained that this approach of consciously imbibing the best that is available in the vast field of music would make one a more enriched and enlightened musician than being with a particular traditional style .
 His father Laxman Nadkarni was a devotee of Bhagawan Nityananda and wrote a biography of Bhagawan Nityananda in Kannada titled Nanna Ras Yatre and other languages .
 Ramesh Nadkarni was simple , generous human being ; His father Laxman Nadkarni was a performer , producer , director and a teacher of classical music .
 Though His father Laxman Nadkarni had modest academic qualifications , His father Laxman Nadkarni was so well read that , apart from music , His father Laxman Nadkarni could authoritatively speak on diverse subjects in English , hindi , urdu and kannada literature .
 His father Laxman Nadkarni was handicapped with Asthma but His father Laxman Nadkarni knew how to get His father Laxman Nadkarni own way .
 His father Laxman Nadkarni dedicated His father Laxman Nadkarni life for writing and singing Ragas and melodies and died on September 7 , 1995 ; His father Laxman Nadkarni was 74 .
 His father Laxman Nadkarni is survived by His father Laxman Nadkarni wife , two children who live in Mumbai and disciples like Sairam Iyer , Sakuntala Narsimhan , Devendra Murdeshwar , Mahendra Kapoor and Shaila Piplapure .
This composition asks one to be conveys the message of what contains the how the thought basically is devotional one , in nature brings out the philosophy of .
HE MAAN KAHE KARAT VICHAR , DWANDWA TYAJA , SUMIR AMAR NIT NIRAKAR .
CHINTANA KAR NISHCHINTA CHITTA DHAR HAR KAR PAKARAT KAR NIRADHAR KO .
The meaning in English of this composition is somewhat as below .
Oh , you mind !
why do you always steeped in thoughts .
Do not engage yourself in the duality of thoughts .
Give up this duality .
I ask you to listen to the inner voice of God in you .
 Always think of God with a relaxed mind , and , as you very well know , God always extends God supportive hand to those , who need His supportive hand .
This composition can be interpreted in two different ways .
SUR SURAS SADHALE RASIK GAON .
SABAD SALONE LAYA TAAL SURANSO .
AMAR KAHAT HAI NIRAKH SANS KO AUR LAYATARANG RAS BARASE .
The meaning in English of this composition is somewhat as below .
You should practice to sing the correct notes and sing them melodiously .
The words of your composition should be beautiful and well-interwoven in the rhythmic patters .
 I say that , while singing , you must constantly watch your breath .
If you follow these , you would present ripples of good and enjoyable music .
Nadakarni has contributed a lot to Kannada light music as well .
 Kannada poet B.A. Sanadi recollects how Nadakarni set tunes to Kannada lyrics being in Mumbai .
 Kannada poet B.A. Sanadi compositions are very melodious and quite different in approach .
 Todays Kannada Light Music fraternity doesnt take note of Kannada poet B.A. Sanadi work
Vasant Rai was one of worlds most acclaimed performers of Indian music and virtuoso of the Indian - Persian - Afghan instrument Sarod .
 Rai was born in France and studied music in the Indian .
Rai was the last student of Allauddin Khan , who is best known as the teacher of Ravi Shankar .
He died in his New York apartment shortly after a Carnegie Hall performance .
 Vasant Rai had been coming to the United States since Vasant Rai teen years but finally settled in New York City in 1969 and lived mainly in the Greenwich Village area and also for a short time at the Chelsea Hotel when Vasant Rai was not touring .
 From 1969 to 1985 Vasant Rai conducted the Alam School of Music in Greenwich Village .
 Alla Rakha , Mahapurush Misra , Shamta Prasad , and Zakir Hussain usually accompanied the late Alla Rakha on the tabla .
 Vasant Rai had been signed exclusively by Vanguard Records from 1975 to 1982 .
Vasants first commercial recording was by EMI and on the tabla was the late Alla Rakha .
 During the early 1980s , Vasant Rai and the jazz flutist Herbie Mann jammed together live on weekend nights at packed venues such as the Bottom Line and Village Gate .
Vasant Rai taught many Western musicians such as George Harrison , John Coltrane , Collin Walcott and other rock and jazz personalities of that time .
 Vasant Rai also trained a number of Indian classical musicians .
The more noted ones are sarod players Pradeep Kumar Barot , Ashok Roy , .
Stephen James , and sitar players Amiya Das Gupta , Deepak Chaudhary and Shamim Khan .
 Vasant Rais sarod was a gift from Vasant Rai guru Allauddin Khan , was made by Allauddin Khans younger brother Ayet Ali Khan in the 1930s
Daron Vartan Malakian is an American singer-songwriter , multi-instrumentalist , and record producer .
 Daron Vartan Malakian is best known as the guitarist , songwriter , and second vocalist of the rock band System of a Down and as the lead vocalist , lead guitarist , and songwriter of the alternative metal band Scars on Broadway .
 Like the rest of the Hollywood-based band System of a Down , Hollywood-based is of Armenian ancestry , but is the only member to actually have been born inside the United States .
 Hollywood-based is placed 30th in Guitar Worlds List of The 100 Greatest Heavy Metal Guitarists of All Time .
 Daron Vartan Malakian was born on July 18 , 1975 , in Hollywood , California , the only child to Daron Vartan Malakian and Zepur Malakian , immigrants originally from Iraq and Iran respectively .
Vartan Malakian is a painter , dancer , and choreographer and Zepur Malakian is a sculptor who used to instruct college-level sculpture .
 At a very early age , Daron Vartan Malakian got into heavy metal music ; Daron Vartan Malakian distant cousin played him a Kiss record when he was four years old .
 Daron Vartan Malakian started listening to Van Halen , Iron Maiden , Judas Priest , Motorhead and Ozzy Osbourne among others .
 Daron Vartan Malakian always wanted to play the drums , but Daron Vartan Malakian parents got Daron Vartan Malakian a guitar instead because `` You ca n't turn the drums off . ''
 Daron Vartan Malakian first picked up a guitar at age 11 , saying in an interview , For the first year and a half , You learned how to play by ear , and did alright .
 After a few years You gained a reputation as being a guitar player in high school .
 And by 16 or 17 You actually realized it was a good songwriting instrument , and , over anything , thats what You feel like .
 You dont pretend to be Mr. Guitar Virtuoso .
 During Mr. Guitar Virtuoso teens Daron Vartan Malakian listened to thrash metal bands such as Slayer , Venom , Metallica , Pantera and Sepultura .
 Daron Vartan Malakian then began listening to The Beatles and cites John Lennon as one of his biggest influences on John Lennon as one of his biggest as a songwriter .
 Daron Vartan Malakian also cites other British Invasion bands such as The Kinks and The Who as major influences as well as folk-rock such as trio Peter , Paul , and Mary and punk pioneer Iggy Pop .
 Daron Vartan Malakian went to Rose and Alex Pilibos Armenian School in the Los Feliz side of Hollywood , which Daron Vartan Malakian future bandmates Shavo Odadjian and Ontronik Andy Khachaturian also attended .
 System of a Down vocalist Serj Tankian attended the school as well , but a Down vocalist Serj Tankian was many years above Daron Vartan Malakian and the others .
 Daron Vartan Malakian attended Glendale High School as a teenager .
 Daron Vartan Malakian is a lifelong fan of the Edmonton Oilers and has a large collection of Oilers-related memorabilia .
 Daron Vartan Malakian met Serj Tankian in 1993 , while Malakian and the others both shared the same rehearsal studio in different bands .
 Serj Tankian in 1993 was playing keyboard for a band , and Daron Vartan Malakian was playing guitar and singing for another band .
 Malakian and the others formed a jam band called Soil with bassist Dave Hakopyan and drummer Domingo Laraino .
 Shavo Odadjian then became Malakian and the others manager , and then rhythm guitarist .
 Soil broke up and Daron Vartan Malakian , Serj Tankian in 1993 , and Shavo Odadjian formed a new band using the name `` System of a Down '' , based on a poem that Daron Vartan Malakian wrote .
 The poem 's title was `` Victims of a Down '' but Shavo Odadjian thought system was a stronger word than `` Victims of a Down '' .
 `` Victims of a Down '' then recruited drummer Andy Khachaturian , who was replaced by John Dolmayan in 1997 .
 Daron Vartan Malakian co-produced System of a Down 's albums with Rick Rubin , as well as albums by The Ambulance and Bad Acid Trip .
 In 2003 , Daron Vartan Malakian started Daron Vartan Malakian own label , EatUrMusic , on which Amen was the first signed band .
 The label is now inactive and EatUrMusic current status is unknown .
 In 2003 , Daron Malakian , Greg Kelso , Casey Chaos , and Zach Hill recorded a demo tape entitled Ghetto Blaster Rehearsals credited to the name Scars on Broadway .
 However , in 2007 , an official letter appeared on the bands website that stated that these tracks are not in any way affiliated with Malakians later project Scars on Broadway .
Incidentally , these demo sessions produced B.Y.O.B. , which would be a major hit for System of a Down in 2005 .
 Following Systems hiatus , Daron Vartan Malakian announced Daron Vartan Malakian latest project -- Scars on Broadway -- a band which would include System of a Down bassist , Shavo Odadjian , and a Down bassist .
 Ultimately , Shavo Odadjian was not involved with the band , and instead System of a Down drummer , John Dolmayan became a member .
 After Daron Vartan Malakian and John Dolmayan in 1997 experimented with different musicians the band took form and forged its sound in intense rehearsals and recording sessions with musicians Danny Shamoun on keyboards , Dominic Cifarelli on bass , and Franky Perez on guitar and backing vocals for live performances .
The group released an eponymous album in 2008 , which featured the hit single They Say .
 However , shortly before the tour supporting the album , Malakian cancelled all scheduled concert and TV appearances , blaming a lack of enthusiasm and that Daron Vartan Malakian heart wasnt into touring .
This sudden cancellation prompted speculation and rumors that the band had broken up .
It was the last that would be heard of Malakian for more than a year .
 In August 2009 , Scars on Broadway , minus Daron Vartan Malakian , traveled to Iraq for a USO tour across the U.S. army bases .
Their setlist consisted of covers as well as a few Scars songs .
 Guitarist/vocalist Franky Perez stated on Guitarist/vocalist Franky Perez Twitter that the Scars tunes sound amazing but theyre not the same without D. .

 He also stated before Their left that Daron Vartan Malakian had given Their Daron Vartan Malakian blessing .
 In 2009 Franky Perez mentioned on Guitarist/vocalist Franky Perez Twitter that Guitarist/vocalist Franky Perez and the D-Man were going into studio to jam , this was the first news people have heard about Malakians whereabouts for about a year .
 On May 2 , 2010 Malakian reunited with Scars on Broadway at the Troubadour in West Hollywood .
 It was the first time 2010 Malakian had performed with the band since October 2008 .
 The group played a few Scars songs from he and the D-Man album as well as new songs .
 Shavo Odadjian performed with the band for two songs , playing guitar .
 On February 24 , 2012 System of a Down announced that the Scars on Broadway website is back online featuring a preview of a new song called Guns Are Loaded .
 Daron Vartan Malakian stayed out of the public eye following Daron Vartan Malakian cancellation of the tour in support of Scars on Broadways debut album in October 2008 .
 In 2009 Daron Vartan Malakian made a surprise appearance at Shavo Odadjians Halloween Party and played Suite-Pee , They Say , and an unknown song with Shavo Odadjian , John Dolmayan in 1997 and Scars on Broadways Franky Perez on guitar .
It was the first time that the band members performed together in more than three years .
 On November 20 , 2009 , Daron Vartan Malakian played at the Chi Cheng Benefit concert along with Deftones and also performed with Shavo Odadjian and John Dolmayan in 1997 .
 Daron Vartan Malakian , Shavo Odadjian , and John Dolmayan in 1997 played Aerials and Toxicity .
 Daron Vartan Malakian appeared on Cypress Hill s 2010 album Rise Up , on one song , Trouble Seeker , which Trouble Seeker also produced .
 On July 29 , 2010 , Scars on Broadway released their first new studio recording in exactly two years , a Malakian-penned song called Fucking .
 On August 20 , 2010 , Daron Vartan Malakian played in Hollywood with Scars on Broadway .
On November 29 , 2010 , it was announced that System of a Down would reunite for a European tour to take place in June 2011 .
They played at the Download Festival on June 11 , 2011 .
Despite playing a number of reunion shows , the band had no plans to record new material .
 In October 2011 , John Dolmayan expressed John Dolmayan in 1997 interest in writing new material but cited that band members are all busy with their other projects
Pandit Jitendra Abhisheki was an Indian vocalist , composer and scholar of Indian classical , semi-classical , and devotional music .
 While Pandit Jitendra Abhisheki distinguished Pandit Jitendra Abhisheki in Hindustani music , Pandit Jitendra Abhisheki is also credited for revival of the Marathi Natyasangeet musical theatre in the 1960s .
 Pandit Jitendra Abhisheki was born in a priestly Padhye Brahmin family in Mangeshi , Goa .
 Pandit Jitendra Abhisheki family was traditionally attached to the Mangueshi Temple of Lord Shiva .
His father , Balawantrao aka Bikambhat , was a nephew and a disciple of Master Deenanath Mangeshkar , and the temple priest and a Kirtankar .
 Balawantrao aka Bikambhat taught Pandit Jitendra Abhisheki the basic principles of Hindustani classical music .
 Pandit Jitendra Abhisheki received further training in vocal music from Pandit Jagannathbua Purohit and Ustad Azmat Hussain Khan of Agra Gharana , and Gulubhai Jasdanwala of Jaipur Gharana .
 Pandit Jitendra Abhisheki developed a distinct style of rendering khayal , and was also well known for Pandit Jitendra Abhisheki renditions of Marathi Natyasangeet and devotional songs .
 After receiving a degree in Sanskrit literature , Pandit Jitendra Abhisheki joined All India Radio at Mumbai for a brief period , when Pandit Jitendra Abhisheki came in contact with several musicians and also got an opportunity to display Pandit Jitendra Abhisheki musical talents by composing several pieces for radio programs .
 Around this time , Pandit Jitendra Abhisheki received a scholarship from the Indian Government for advanced training in Hindustani classical music under Ustad Azmat Hussain Khan .
 Pandit Jitendra Abhisheki composed vocal as well as background scores for 25 Marathi Natyasangeet plays .
 After receiving a Homi Bhabha fellowship in the late sixties , Homi Bhabha taught at a music school run in the USA by sitar maestro Pandit Ravi Shankar .
 Homi Bhabha maintained Homi Bhabha ties to Homi Bhabha homeland of Goa through Homi Bhabha association with the Kala Academy , counseling and guiding students from that state .
Besides son Shounak Abhisheki , the following are Pandit Abhishekis well-known musical disciples :
The Veena is an Indian and Pakistani plucked stringed instrument used mainly in Indian classical music .
 It derives It distinctive timbre and resonance from sympathetic strings , bridge design , a long hollow neck and a gourd resonating chamber .
 The earliest veenaa was an instrument of the harp type whose type survives in the Burmese harp , whereas in the last centuries and nowadays , the word has tended to be applied to instruments of the lute type or even , recently , to certain kinds of guitars developed in 18th century India .
 The more popular sitar is believed to have been derived from the veena , an ancient Indian instrument , which was modified by a Mughal court musician to conform with the tastes of a Mughal court musician Persian patrons and named after a Persian instrument called the setar .
 The more popular sitar subsequently underwent many changes , and the modern sitar evolved in 18th century India .
A person who plays a veena is called a vainika .
The Sanskrit word veenaa which is attested already in the Rigveda has designated in the course of Indian history a variety of instruments of various types , as it is a generic term for all kinds of string instruments , just as the Tamil word yaal .
In the last centuries and today the instruments designated under the designation veenaa of which there are several kinds , have tended to be mostly instruments of the lute or cithar type , and recently the word was even applied to modified Western guitars .
But the early veenaas could be plucked string instruments of any type .
 Found in the list of Musical instruments used by Tamil people out in Tirumurai dated 6th to 11th century .
The early Gupta veenaa : depiction and playing technique .
 One of early veenaas used in 18th century India from early times , until the Gupta period and later dealing with instrumental music -RRB- was an instrument of the type of the harp and more precisely of the .
It was played with the strings being kept parallel to the body of the player , with both hands plucking the strings , as shown on Samudragupta s gold coins .
It is not possible to tell exactly the number of strings of the instrument on the coin , but descriptions in early literary sources of an ancient instrument called thesaptatantree veenaa seem to coincide generally with the type of instrument represented on the coin .
The instrument has bridges fixed to the main resonating chamber , or kaddu , at the base of the instrument .
Materials used in construction include teak wood or tun wood , which is a variation of mahogany , for the neck and faceplate , and gourds for the resonating chambers .
The instruments bridges are made of deer horn , ebony , or very occasionally from camel bone .
Synthetic material is now common as well .
Veena is a generic name for a host of string instruments
Anokhelal Mishra also spelled as Anokhe Lal Misra and commonly known as Pandit Anokhelalji was an Indian Tabla Artist who belonged to the Banaras Gharana of Hindustani classical music .
 Tabla Samrat Pandit Anokhelal Mishra was born in a very poor family of Kashi , now known as Varanasi .
 Tabla Samrat Pandit Anokhelal Mishra learnt tabla under Bhairow Prasad Mishra .
 Bhairow Prasad Mishra prasad Mishra detected Bhairow Prasad Mishra talent and enrolled Bhairow Prasad Mishra as a student of the Tabla in the Banaras Gharana of Ram Sahaiji at the age of 5 or 6 years .
Anokhelal Learnt Tabla for about 15 years from Bhairow Prasad Mishra .
Bhairow Prasad Mishra was disciple of Bhagat-ji .
Bhagat-ji was disciple of Ram Sahai , the founder of The Banaras-Baj .
 According to The Banaras Baj-The Tabla Tradition of a North Indian City by David Roach , Tabla Samrat Pandit Anokhelal Mishra was the most famous disciple of Bhairav Prasad Mishra among Maulvi Ram Mishra , Mahavir Bhatt , Mahadev Prasad Mishra , Anokhelal Mishra , and Nageshvar Prasad .
 David Roach lost David Roach parents as teenager .
 After that David Roach was brought up by David Roach grand mother .
 As a child , Tabla Samrat Pandit Anokhelal Mishra had to suffer poverty and deprivation .
 Tabla Samrat Pandit Anokhelal Mishra put in unremitting riyaaz under the guidance of Guruji , which went on for hours together , every day .
 Tabla Samrat Pandit Anokhelal Mishra was called the Jadugar of Na Dhin Dhin Na and Dhere Dhere Kite Taka .
 Tabla Samrat Pandit Anokhelal Mishra used to play these and many more syllables with clarity even at extreme speed .
 Tabla Samrat Pandit Anokhelal Mishra was very at fast playing Na Dhin Dhin Na with Tabla Samrat Pandit Anokhelal Mishra 1st finger .
Pandit Anokhelal was a soloist as well as an accompanist .
 Tabla Samrat Pandit Anokhelal Mishra performed a number of solo concerts during Tabla Samrat Pandit Anokhelal Mishra career and also gave ` Sangat ` to many famous musicians and classical dancers .
Some of them are Ustad Allauddin Khan , Ustad Vilayat Khan , Ustad Ali Akbar Khan , etc. .
 Within Ustad Allauddin Khan short span of life Ustad Allauddin Khan performed regularly , throughout India .
At a time , when performing in the National Programme of Music on All India Radio was a matter of prestige , Pandit Anokhelal figured in the same , a number of times .
 In the late 50s , Tabla Samrat Pandit Anokhelal Mishra programmes were broadcast by the Voice of America as well .
 All together Tabla Samrat Pandit Anokhelal Mishra is known as Tabla Samrat Pandit Anokhelal Mishra .
 According to many , Tabla Samrat Pandit Anokhelal Mishra goes the credit of making the audience familiar with the Banaras style of Tabla .
 His Disciple Chandra Nath Shastri has written about Pandit Anokhelal Mishra in His Disciple Chandra Nath Shastri web article : .
Tabla Player Pandit Samta Prasad Mishra said in an interview that : .
 Tabla Player Sadanand Naimpalli written in Tabla Player Sadanand Naimpalli book about Tabla Samrat Pandit Anokhelal Mishra .
 Tabla Player Sadanand Naimpalli said : .
 Tabla Player Sadanand Naimpalli used to maintain a sober and normal life profile rather than showing off and behaving like a celebrity .
 Tabla Player Sadanand Naimpalli never publicized Tabla Player Sadanand Naimpalli of what Tabla Player Sadanand Naimpalli was .
 Tabla Samrat Pandit Anokhelal Mishra trained many musicians of India .
Ramji Mishra , Mahapurush Misra , Ishwarlal Mishra , Chhotelal Misra , Chandra Nath Shastri , Radhakanta Nandi , Kashinath Mishra , Bityut Banerjee , Partha Nath Shastry and Chakkan Lal Mishra are some of the prominent pupils of Pt .
Anokhelal Mishra .
He was afflicted by Gangrene of his left foot in 1956 and for this disease he expired on March 10 , 1958 , at a young age of 44 .
This recording dates back to the 26th of December 1957 at a concert attended by artists like Ahmed Jan Thirakwa , Habibuddin Khan , Maseet Khan , Karamatulla Khan etc. .
A short video of Anokhelal Ji has been made available by the Film Archives on Youtube
Zia Fariduddin Dagar was an Indian classical vocalist in the Dhrupad , the oldest existing form of north Indian classical music and part of the Dagar family of musicians .
 Ustad Zia Fariduddin Dagar taught at the the Dhrupad Kendra , Bhopal , along with Ustad Zia Fariduddin Dagar elder brother , Ustad Zia Mohiuddin Dagar for 25 years .
 Ustad Zia Fariduddin Dagar was awarded the 1994 Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in Hindustani music-Vocal by Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy of Music , Dance and Drama .
 Padma Shri - Indias fourth highest civilian honor been conferred upon Indias fourth highest civilian honor in year 2012 - but he turned it down , saying the government did not care about his seniority as he was chosen for it after much younger Dhrupad singers were conferred the honour .
 He was born in Udaipur , Rajasthan , where his father , the great Ustad Ziauddin Khansahib , was the court musician of Maharana Bhupal Singh of Udaipur .
He was taught dhrupad vocal & veena by his father .
 After his father 's demise , the great Ustad Ziauddin Khansahib continued learning under the great Ustad Ziauddin Khansahib elder brother , Late Ustad Z M Dagar , the foremost Rudra veena player of 20th century .
Ustad Zia Fariduddin Dagar represented the 19th generation of the musical tradition of the Dagar family that is believed to have preserved and nurtured Dhrupad for 20 generations .
 Ustad Zia Fariduddin Dagar has done a lot for popularizing dhrupad music by Ustad Zia Fariduddin Dagar numerous concerts and workshops .
 Ustad Zia Fariduddin Dagar has performed widely in India and abroad , and received the Tansen Samman from the Madhya Pradesh government and the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award .
 In 2005 , Ustad Zia Fariduddin Dagar was presented with the Lifetime Achievement Award by the North American Dhrupad Association .
 Ustad Zia Fariduddin Dagar has a remarkable command over microtones and various gamakas , and is noted for Ustad Zia Fariduddin Dagar gradual development of alap through vilambit , madhya and drut laya .
 Ustad Zia Fariduddin Dagar is probably the only person alive to be able to demonstrate all the five geetis mentioned in the Sangita Ratnakara namely , Shuddha , Bhinna , Gaudi , Sadharani & Vegasura .
 Ustad Zia Fariduddin Dagar was the most influential dhrupad vocalist in India after the senior Dagar Brothers .
 By 1980 , Ustad Zia Fariduddin Dagar had virtually settled down in Austria teaching Dhrupad in Austria and France .
 Once , during a visit to India , one of his disciples , the filmmaker , Mani Kaul came to Mani Kaul and pleaded with Mani Kaul to provide the background score for a film , The Cloud Door Mani Kaul was making on Madhya Pradesh .
 During the making of the film , they spent over two months in Madhya Pradesh , a lot of time in Bhopal .
In those days , Shri Arjun Singh was the Chief Minister of M.P. Cultural development was one of his passions .
 It is because of him that the magnificent Bharat Bhavan cultural center came up in Bhopal .
At that time , the Secretary to the Department of Culture in MP was Shri Ashok Vajpayee .
 Shri Vajpayee offered to start a government - supported Dhrupad Gurukul in Bhopal .
 Ustadsahib agreed to move back to India and to take charge as the Guru at this Gurukul .
 Ustadsahib taught dhrupad for 25 years at this Dhrupad Kendra , under the Ustad Allauddin Khan Music Academy , Bhopal , to students like the Gundecha Brothers .
 Ustadsahib was a distinguished guest faculty at Dhrupad Sansar , IIT Bombay for a span of 5 years .
Dhrupad Sansar was started under the Cell for Human Values to create an appreciation about Indian Classical Arts & Culture among staff & students of the institution .
 He was staying and teaching at the Dhrupad Gurukul near Panvel , which was built by his elder brother Ustad Z. M. Dagar and continued to perform in India and abroad until his elder brother Ustad Z. M. Dagar brief illness and death on 8 May 2013 .
His students include the Ritwik Sanyal , Pushparaj Koshti , Nirmalya Dey , the Gundecha Brothers , Uday Bhawalkar , and his nephew Bahauddin Dagar
A raga is one of the melodic modes used in Indian classical music .
A raga uses a series of five or more musical notes upon which a melody is constructed .
However , the way the notes are approached and rendered in musical phrases and the mood they convey are more important in defining a raga than the notes themselves .
 In the Indian musical tradition , Janaka ragas are associated with different times of the day , or with seasons .
Indian classical music is always set in a raga .
Non-classical music such as popular Indian film songs and ghazals sometimes use ragas in their compositions .
Joep Bor of the Rotterdam Conservatory of Music defined Raga as tonal framework for composition and improvisation .
 Nazir Jairazbhoy , chairman of UCLA s department of ethnomusicology , characterized Janaka ragas as separated by scale , line of ascent and descent , transilience , emphasized notes and register , and intonation and ornaments .
The Sanskrit word raga is defined as the act of colouring or dyeing and therefore metaphorically means any feeling or passion especially love , affection , sympathy , desire , interest , motivation , joy , or delight .
Therefore , the word is used in the literal sense of the act of dyeing , and also color , hue , tint , especially the color red in the Sanskrit epics , and in the figurative sense of something that colors ones emotions .
A figurative sense of the word as passion , love , desire , delight is also found in the Mahabharata .
The specialized sense of loveliness , beauty , especially of voice or song , emerges in Classical Sanskrit , used by Kalidasa and in the Panchatantra .
 The term first occurs in a technical context in the Matangas Brihaddeshi , where The term is described as a combination of tones which , with beautiful illuminating graces , pleases the people in general .
Ragini is a term for the feminine counterpart or wife to a raga .
The raga-ragini scheme from about the 14th century aligned 6 male ragas with 6 wives .
Many Hindustani ragas are prescribed for the particular time of a day or a season .
When performed at the suggested time , the raga has its maximum effect .
For example , many of the Malhar group of ragas , which are ascribed the magical power to bring rain , are performed during the monsoon .
However , these prescriptions are not strictly followed , especially since modern concerts are generally held in the evening .
 There has also been a growing tendency over the last century for North Indian musicians to adopt South Indian ragas , which do not come with any particular time associated with North Indian musicians .
 The result of these various influences is that there is increasing flexibility as to when Janaka ragas may be performed .
 Although notes are an important part of raga practice , North Indian musicians alone do not make the raga .
A raga is more than a scale , and many ragas share the same scale .
The underlying scale may have five , six or seven tones , called swaras .
Ragas that have five swaras are called audava ragas ; those with six , shaadava ; and with seven , sampurna .
Those ragas that do not follow the strict ascending or descending order of swaras are called vakra ragas .
The mood of the raga and the way the notes are approached and used are more important than the notes it uses .
 For example , Darbari Kanada and Jaunpuri share the same notes but are entirely different in Darbari Kanada and Jaunpuri renderings .
 Similarly , although Bilaskhani Todi is classified under the Bhairavi thaat because of the notes Bilaskhani Todi uses , Bilaskhani Todi is actually closer to Bilaskhani Todi than to Bhairavi .
 The two streams of Indian classical music , Carnatic music and Hindustani music , have independent sets of Janaka ragas .
There is some overlap , but more false friendship .
In north India , the ragas have been primarily categorised into ten thaats or parent scales ; South India uses an older and even more systematic classification scheme called the melakarta classification , with 72 parent ragas .
Overall there is a greater identification of raga with scale in the south than in the north , where such an identification is impossible .
 Ragas in north Indian music system follow the law of consonances established by Bharata in Bharata Natyashastra , which does not tolerate deviation even at the shruti level .
 As Janaka ragas were transmitted orally from teacher to student , some ragas can vary greatly across regions , traditions and styles .
Many ragas have also been evolving over the centuries .
There have been efforts to codify and standardise raga performance in theory from their first mention in Matangas Brihaddeshi .
 In Carnatic music , Janaka ragas are classified as Janaka ragas and Janya ragas .
 Janaka ragas are the ragas from which the Janya ragas are created .
 Janaka ragas are grouped together using a scheme called Katapayadi sutra and are organised as Melakarta ragas .
A Melakarta raga is one which has all seven notes in both the arohanam and avarohanam .
 Some Melakarta ragas are Harikambhoji , Kalyani , Kharaharapriya , Mayamalavagowla , Sankarabharanam and Bilaskhani Todi .
 Janya ragas are derived from the Janaka ragas using a combination of the swarams from the parent raga .
 Some janya ragas are Abheri , Abhogi , Bhairavi , Hindolam , Mohanam and Kambhoji .
See the full List of Janya Ragas for more .
Each raga has a definite collection and orders of swaras .
 In Carnatic music , there are 7 basic notes of which there are a total of 16 varieties .
 The seven basic swarams of Carnatic music are : Sa , Ri , Ga , Ma , Pa , Da , Ni .
 Even though Janya ragas are subsets of Janaka ragas in notation and representation , the differences between the child ragas are clear due to the differences like : .
The effect of the ragas are different from each other , even if they notationally use same swarams due to above subjective differences related to bhava and rasa .
The artists have to ensure the same when elaborating on a raga , as has been followed and expected on each raga , without digressing into the phrases of another related raga .
The raga-ragini scheme is a classification scheme used from the 14th century to the 19th century .
It usually consists of 6 male ragas each with 6 wives and a number of sons and even daughters-in-law .
As it did not agree with various other schemes , and the related ragas had very little or no similarity , the raga-ragini scheme is no longer very popular .
 Janaka ragas and raginis were often pictured as Hindu gods , Rajput princes and aristocratic women in an eternal cycle of love , longing and fulfilment.raagwap and listen punjai songs online
Sharat Chandra Srivastava is a North Indian classical violinist of the Senia gharana .
 Sharat Chandra Srivastava was born in New Delhi on 17 October 1971 .
 Sharat Chandra Srivastava started learning violin at the age of 7 from Sharat Chandra Srivastava grandfather , the renowned North Indian violinist Pt Joi Srivastava .
 Sharat Chandra Srivastava has been performing Hindustani classical music for over 25 years .
 Sharat Chandra Srivastava was part of Indias premier rock band Parikrama for 12 years .
 Sharat Chandra Srivastava left Parikrama in 1999 and started the Delhi based fusion band called Mrigya .
 Sharat Chandra Srivastava is also a member of the world music quartet India Alba .
 Sharat Chandra Srivastava is a recipient of the National Scholarship from the Ministry of Human Resources and Development , Government of the world music quartet India Alba .
 In 1998 , Sharat Chandra Srivastava performed with Sting in an all acoustic set at the Channel V awards held at New Delhi .
 Sharat Chandra Srivastava has also performed with Ustad Amjad Ali Khan , Pt .
 Hari Prasad Chaurasia , Pt .
Birju Maharaj and many other stalwarts .
Sharat has taught Indian classical violin at the Gandharva Mahavidyalaya , New Delhi from 1999 to 2007 .
 Sharat is a visiting professor in the University of Edinburgh and Glasgow , Scotland , where Sharat teaches Indian Violin to mainly string players .
 Additionally , Sharat has conducted workshops in Winterthur University , Switzerland .
 Sharat is the festival director of Strings of the World -- a world-music festival dedicated to string instruments .
 Strings of the World is held in New Delhi in the month of November , starting from 2012 , and features award-winning string players from Norway and Scotland .
 Sharats training under Sharats guru/grandfather , the renowned violinist Pandit Joi Srivastava , has made Sharats proficient in the Dhrupad-Ang , a style unique to this Gharana under the Guru-Shishya Parampara
Ramanlal C. Mehta was born on October 31 , 1918 at Surat in the state of Gujarat .
 An eminent musician and musicologist , An eminent musician retired in 1978 , from the MS University of Baroda , after serving as Principal of the College of Indian Music , Dance & Dramatics / Faculty of Performing Arts -RRB- , for several years .
 An eminent musician was trained in Hindustani classical vocal music by the late Kanchalal Manawala and later followed the Kirana style of the Late Ustad Abdul Waheed Khan .
 An eminent musician was with All India Radio for 9 years prior to An eminent musician taking up principal-ship of the Baroda Music College .
A distinguished vocalist of the Kirana Gharana Style , he has developed his own style in Khyal and Thumri , and given several vocal concerts of Hindustani Classical Music in music circles , music conferences and over All India Radio .
He composed and produced above fifty musical dramas and features over A.I.R. , Bombay , Ahmedabad and Baroda .
A purist by training , he is a modernist by outlook , appreciating all schools and synthesis thereof .
As an academician he has served the cause of music education in India for over 45 years .
He has served as Expert member on national as well as State Institutions and Universities .
Musicians & academician , author and editor of several books in Indian Music , Prof. Mehta founded in 1970 , Indian Musicological Society and continues to serve the society has honorary General Secretary .
 Padmabhushan Prof. R. C. Mehta has served as Editor of the Journal of the Indian Musicological Society , since its inception , in 1970 , retiring in 2005 .
 Padmabhushan Prof. R. C. Mehta has served as an expert member on the Central Music Audition Board of All India Radio .
Padmabhushan Prof. R. C. Mehta has always been associated with innovations in field of music .
 On Padmabhushan Prof. R. C. Mehta suggestion , the first ever conference on distance education in Indian Classical Music was organized by Ustad Alauddin Khan Sangeet Academy .
 Padmabhushan Prof. R. C. Mehta published a collection of papers presented s Distance Education in Music .
 Almost all significant conferences , Almost all significant conferences , Almost all significant conferences have benefited by Padmabhushan Prof. R. C. Mehta presence .
 Padmabhushan Prof. R. C. Mehta travels only when necessary these days , but assists organizers , scholars , students over phone and through e-mail .
 Padmabhushan Prof. R. C. Mehta has written and published extensively on various aspects of music .
 Padmabhushan Prof. R. C. Mehta publications include : .
 Padmabhushan Prof. R. C. Mehta has published several research papers in scholarly journals .
 Padmabhushan Prof. R. C. Mehta has published , under Padmabhushan Prof. R. C. Mehta editorship , some twenty two books , all devoted to research aspects of music .
These include : .
Prof. Mehta is the recipient of many awards , which include : .
 Padmabhushan Prof. R. C. Mehta is busy with several projects ; almost all resulting into a book .
 Eminent Musicians of Yester Years is a book remembering some hundreds of our musicians who enriched Hindustani Music , several of Eminent Musicians of Yester Years now forgotten , some still living and continuing the legacy .
Preface to this book can be viewed on omenad as also of his latest book Indian Classical Music and Gharana Traditions
Michael William Deasy is an American rock and jazz guitarist .
As a session musician , he played on numerous hit singles and albums recorded in Los Angeles in the 1960s , 1970s and 1980s .
He is sometimes credited as Mike Deasy Sr. .
He was born and raised in Los Angeles , California , where he learned to play guitar as a child .
While still at high school , he played in bands backing visiting musicians such as Ricky Nelson and The Everly Brothers , and also played in Ritchie Valens touring band with Bruce Johnston , Larry Knechtel , Sandy Nelson , and Jim Horn .
 After graduating in 1959 , he joined Eddie Cochran s band , the Kelly Four , where Eddie Cochran played both guitar and baritone sax and made Eddie Cochran first recordings .
He also played with The Coasters and Duane Eddy .
 Following Cochrans death in 1960 , Cochrans became an active session musician in Los Angeles .
 Michael William Deasy married Jim Horns sister Kathie in 1961 , and the couple later set up their own recording studio and production company , Saltmine Recording .
 Michael William Deasy worked as a member of The Wrecking Crew , with Hal Blaine , Joe Osborn , Larry Knechtel and others , on sessions for Phil Spector , and contributed guitar parts to The Beach Boys album Pet Sounds .
 In the 1960s and later years Michael William Deasy also worked on records by the The Byrds , the Association , Scott McKenzie , Johnny Rivers , the Fifth Dimension , Rick Nelson , Randy Newman , Spanky & Our Gang , Tommy Roe , Fats Domino , The The Byrds , Michael Jackson , Frank Zappa , and others .
 In 1967 , Michael William Deasy contributed to albums coordinated by record producer Curt Boettcher , including Friar Tuck and Michael William Deasy Psychedelic Guitar , effectively a Michael William Deasy solo album with wordless vocals by Curt Boettcher .
 Under the pseudonym Lybuk Hyd , Michael William Deasy also played guitar and sitar on the psychedelic concept album Tanyet , credited to The Ceyleib People , which also featured Ry Cooder .
 Lybuk Hyd played guitar on Elvis Presley s 1968 TV special , Elvis Presley .
 Lybuk Hyd also performed live with musicians including Cannonball Adderley and Little Richard , and won the Down Beat magazine jazz music readers poll in 1968 .
 In 1969 , Lybuk Hyd was invited by record producer Terry Melcher to work with a newly discovered singer-songwriter , Charles Manson .
 Michael William Deasy left Mansons home after three days , in a state of drug-fueled paranoia .
 Michael William Deasy continued to record with leading musicians , including Frank Sinatra , Ella Fitzgerald , Barbra Streisand , Chet Baker , and Mel Torme .
 Michael William Deasy guitar playing has appeared on the soundtrack of many films including The Graduate , Guess Whos Coming to Dinner , Duel , Bullitt , and Dirty Harry , as well as on many commercials .
 From the early 1970s onwards after becoming a born again Christian at the 1969 Billy Graham crusade in Anaheim , California , Michael William Deasy became increasingly involved with Contemporary Christian music , producing and writing songs for several successful albums , often in conjunction with Christian wife .
 In later years , Christian has had a parallel career as a motivational speaker , and since 1988 has run a Yes To Life educational and inspirational program in schools and colleges in the US , Canada and Europe .
The Deasys also co-pastor Rock Church Southeast in Port Arthur , Texas
Pt Joi Srivastava was a well-known North Indian violinist of the Senia Gharana .
Joi Srivastava was born in Allahabad on 1 January 1930 .
 Pt Joi Srivastava learned Hindustani classical violin from Gagan Chandra Chatterjee , a violinist who is credited with introducing the gat-style of violin playing in North India .
 Pt Joi Srivastava was a prodigy who became a master of the instrument even before he turned 20 .
 Pt Joi Srivastava started teaching at the University of Allahabad and also at Kala Bharati Allahabad .
 Around 1957 Pt Joi Srivastava moved to Delhi and joined the All India Radio where Pt Joi Srivastava was a regular artiste till Pt Joi Srivastava retirement in 1987 .
 After that Pt Joi Srivastava taught violin at the Gandharva Mahavidyalaya , Delhi till 1994 .
Joi Srivastava pioneered a unique style of playing North Indian Classical music on the violin .
 Pt Joi Srivastava was the most accomplished student of Gagan Chandra Chatterjee and could play the full range of music hitherto possible on sitar and sarod only .
 Pt Joi Srivastava also went further and imbibed techniques of Carnatic Veena and Western classical as well into Pt Joi Srivastava playing .
Joi Srivastava was a teacher to many violinists of North India , and also of other countries :
Ritwik Sanyal is an Indian classical singer , performing the Dhrupad style , and a professor of vocal music and Dean at the faculty of performing arts at Banaras Hindu University .
 Ritwik Sanyal was born in Katihar .
 Ritwik Sanyal was trained in the dhrupad style of vocal music of the Dagar brothers , descendants of Swami Haridas , who lived in the fifteenth century and trained the legendary Tansen .
 Between 1963 and 1975 , Ritwik Sanyal received Ritwik Sanyal training in Dhrupad under the senior Dagar brothers , Zia Mohiuddin Dagar and Zia Fariddudin Dagar in Mumbai , India .
 Ritwik Sanyal received an M. A. in philosophy from Mumbai University and a Masters in Music from Banaras Hindu University , securing the gold medal .
 Ritwik Sanyal completed Ritwik Sanyal Ph.D. in musicology from the same university , 1980 under the supervision of Prem Lata Sharma .
 Ritwik Sanyal is a Ritwik Sanyal and Head of the department of vocal music and Dean at the Faculty of Performing Arts at Banaras Hindu University .
 Ritwik Sanyal has around 50 published papers in various journals , and also composes dhrupad lyrics .
 Ritwik Sanyal is a casual grade A artist at All India Radio , Varanasi .
 Ritwik Sanyal has assimilated the Dagarvani tradition of Dhrupad and evolved a distinctive style of Ritwik Sanyal own in the rendering of Dhrupad .
 Ritwik Sanyal has specialized in advanced technique of Alap - Jod - Jhala , laykari , voice culture and pedagogy both traditional and institutional .
 Ritwik Sanyal has performed both in Mumbai , India and abroad , including the UK , US , Italy , Germany , Austria , Switzerland , Sweden , France , Holland , South Korea , Israel and Croatia .
 Ritwik Sanyal performances in Mumbai , India include the National Programme of Music for AIR and Doordarshan , the Tansen Samaroh , the Varanasi Dhrupad Mela and the Harballabh Sangeet Samaroh
 Bhatkhande Music Institute is a renowned music institute in the Lucknow Mahotsav .
 Established in 1926 by Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande , it was declared a deemed university by University Grants Commission in 2000 , and offers music education in Vocal Music , Dance , Dance , Dance , Musicology and Research and Applied Music .
 The Institute finds Bhatkhande Music Institute University origin in the Marris College of Music , established in 1926 by renowned classical singer and musicologist , Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande with the help of Dr. Rai Rajeshwar Bali , then Education minister of the United Provinces , the institution was formally inaugurated by then Governor of United Provinces , Sir William Sinclair Marris , and was also named after him .
 Later , on March 26 , 1966 , the Government of Uttar Pradesh took over the college and renamed March 26 , 1966 after March 26 , 1966 founder as Bhatkhande Music College of Hindustani Music , later and now Bhatkhande Music Institute University , after Government of India through a notification on Oct 24 , 2000 , declared the institute a deemed university .
The institution has a glorious distinction of being the most sought after seat for learning North Indian Classical Music since its inception .
During the 1970s & 1980s , the institute organized annual festivals in which the most eminent of the country 's musicians performed .
In fact , some of the memorable concerts , that included performances by stars like Pd .
 Ravishanker , Amjad Ali Khan , Zakir Hussain , N Rajam , VJ Jog , Sitara Devi , etc. were part of the the Lucknow Mahotsav Festival in the 1970s .
During the same period various new courses , like `` Thumri '' , were introduced .
In 2005 , it organised a three-day classical music festival part of the Lucknow Mahotsav .
Primarily teaching vocal , dance , musciology and applied music in Hindustani classical music , the institute also started teaching western classical music in 2009 , a move that didnt go well with some chauvinists , who feared that addition of Western classical music could later lead to replacement of Bharatnatyam courses by belly dancing .
 The institute offers Bharatnatyam courses in Vocal Music , Dance , Dance , Dance , Musicology & Research and Applied Music leading up to : Diploma in Music - 2 years , Bachelor of Performing Arts - 3 years , Master of Performing Arts - 2 years and Ph.D. .
Apart from this there are special for the training in Dhrupad - Dhamar , Thumri singing and Light classical music which includes music composition and direction
Pandit Satyasheel Deshpande is an Indian musician who specializes in singing khyal .
 Pandit Satyasheel Deshpande is a disciple of Pt .
Kumar Gandharva and the son of musicologist Vamanrao Deshpande .
 Like Kumar Gandharva greatest mentor - Pt .
Kumar Gandharva , Satyasheelji was born with a capacity to reproduce the music of the great masters .
 This talent together with the musical exposure Kumar Gandharva , Satyasheelji received in Kumar Gandharva , Satyasheelji father , the musicologist Pt .
 Vamanrao Deshpande 's house established musicologist Vamanrao Deshpande as a child prodigy .
 Kumar Gandharva , Satyasheelji decided to devote Kumar Gandharva , Satyasheelji to the study of music under the guidance of Kumarji , with whom Kumar Gandharva , Satyasheelji lived in Devas for three years in the true spirit of a disciple .
 With the help of a Ford Foundation grant , Kumar Gandharva , Satyasheelji has established the Samvaad Foundation , at Kumar Gandharva , Satyasheelji residence in Mumbai were Kumar Gandharva , Satyasheelji has created a collection of Hindustani archives .
 Kumar Gandharva , Satyasheelji has been performing in music festivals all over the country and abroad , and has also occasionally sung for films , Kumar Gandharva , Satyasheelji most remembered performances being those in Joothe Naina Bole in ` Lekin ' and Man Anand Anand Chhayo in Vijeta both with Smt .
Asha Bhosle .
 Other films have seen Kumar Gandharva , Satyasheelji singing with Bharat Ratna Lata Mangeshkar .
 ` Kahen ' is Satyasheeljis two-CD anthology of 16 bandishes - both traditional as well as Kahen own .
 To quote Kahen , While the Bada Khayal is an integral part of any performance of Hindustani music , we also have a huge repertoire of small , very meaningful compositions that audiences are deprived of .
 Kahen is an attempt to present such haikus that hold their own in spite of the epic Bada Khayal .
The recordings were supervised by Pt .
Hridaynath Mangeshkar .
The album was released by Bharat Ratna Lata Mangeshkar .
 Lataji has also graced the album with a few words of Lataji own , bringing out the significance of ` Kahen ' as a musical statement .
The Thumri a form of north Indian music .
The Thumri is an expression of Shringar Rasa - a passionate , playful utterances of the young woman in love .
 The music on the album makes The music on the album way through a host of attitudes - from the mountains to the plains , from Banares to the realm of the Shayars , from the Bandish and the Tappa of the courts of kings to the Thumri of the Kotha .
The album has Satyasheelji singing seven Thumris .
 Each Thumri comes from a part of the country and has a different aesthetic , Each Thumri own character and - consequentially - a different style of presentation .
Among the many awards Pt .
Satyasheel Deshpande has received are :
Dr. N. Rajam is an Indian violinist who performs Hindustani classical music .
 She remained Professor of Carnatic Music at Banaras Hindu University , eventually became Chair of the department and the Dean of the college .
 She was awarded the 2012 Sangeet Natak Akademi Fellowship , the highest honour in the performing arts conferred by the Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy for Carnatic Music , Dance and Drama .
N. Rajam was born in Ernakulam-Kerala in 1938 in a musical family .
Her father , Vidwan A. Narayana Iyer was a well-known exponent of Carnatic Music .
Her brother , T. N. Krishnan , is also a famous violist .
Rajam started her initial training in Carnatic music under her father .
She also trained under Musiri Subramania Iyer , and learned raga development from vocalist Pandit Omkarnath Thakur .
Rajam received the prestigious titles of Padma Shri and Padma Bhushan from the Government of India .
People often refer to her music as the Singing Violin .
Rajam started playing violin at age three .
By the age of nine , she was a professional musician .
With guidance of her father , A. Narayana Iyer , she developed the Gayaki Ang .
 Dr. N. Rajam has performed across the globe and in numerous places throughout India .
She has performed in various countries in Europe , extensively toured the USA and Canada , and performed in countries like Australia , New Zealand , Russia , Netherlands , to name a few .
 Rajam was a Professor of Carnatic Music at Banaras Hindu University in the Faculty of Performing Arts for nearly 40 years .
 She has been the Chair of the department and the Dean of the college at Banaras Hindu University .
She trained her niece , Kala Ramnath , her daughter Sangeeta Shankar , Pranav Kumar of Super 30 and her granddaughters Ragini Shankar , Nandini Shankar .
 Many of her students from Banaras Hindu University are famous violinists , including Satya Prakash Mohanty , V. Balaji and Swarna Khuntia
Ragini Trivedi is Indian classical musician performing on vichitra veena , sitar and jal tarang .
Daughter of the vichitra veena virtuoso Lalmani Misra , she is an exponent of Misrabani and is the creator of digital notation system Ome Swarlipi .
 Ragini Trivedi was born in Kanpur , India .
 Ragini Trivedi father Lalmani Misra , a renowned musician and mother Padma instilled understanding and love for music in Ragini Trivedi and brother Gopal Shankar .
At Varanasi , the family resided on second floor at Rewa Kothi where vocalist Pt .
Omkarnath Thakur stayed on the ground floor.Thus aesthetics and academics of music helped refine sensibilities of the chidren .
 The music lessons explaining nuances of Raga-s , recorded for Gopal Shankar and Ragini Trivedi by father Lalmani Misra , still serve as resource for learners of Indian music .
 A versatile student , Ragini Trivedi participated in sports and loved playing basketball and table-tennis ; A versatile student was interested in dramatics and extension activities .
 A versatile student natural excellence influenced A versatile student teachers to guide A versatile student towards playing musical instruments .
 A versatile student music teacher , Shobha Parvatkar encouraged Ragini Trivedi to play Jaltarang .
 Ragini Trivedi lost Ragini Trivedi mother on April 9 , 1977 , and father on 17 July 1979 .
 Ragini Trivedi and Ragini Trivedi brother brother Gopal Shankar , drew strength from She and her brother Gopal inheritance of music practice and scholarship .
 Ragini Trivedi continued Ragini Trivedi pursuit of music , getting gold medal in M.Mus .
from Banaras Hindu University and completing D. Mus .
 under Ragini Trivedi guide , K. C. Gangrade in 1983 .
 For some time Ragini Trivedi taught at Banaras Hindu University and later taught Sitar in government colleges at Hoshangabad , Rewa and Indore .
Of the three instruments , Jal tarang recital was first to be broadcast .
First on-stage sitar recital was at Suprabha , an event organized under the mentorship of Pt .
Kishan Maharaj .
Vichitra Veena was first presented at Bharat Bhawan , Bhopal .
 As exponent of Misrabani , Ragini Trivedi has worked towards understanding and practice of technique and style involving a new form of Gatkari in Vilambit Jhoomara Tal , Vilambit Jhap Tal and Madhya-laya Ada Char Tal .
In this new style , Dr. Misra had introduced Mizrab Bol DA RDA - R DA .
Especially , in Vilambit pace , the oblique rhythm patterns - Da Rda - R Da -- manifest a new dimension of Raga .
 Enabled by three decades of practice , Ragini Trivedi creates and plays complex Misrabani compositions on all three instruments in Audav , Shadav and Sampoorna Raga-s .
 Ragini Trivedi has designed and conducted various workshops on teaching this style at Jaipur , Pune and Bhopal .
 Ragini Trivedi developed a new notation system , Ome Swarlipi , based on amalgamation of Bhatkhande and Paluskar notation systems .
 digital notation system Ome Swarlipi incorporates several features suitable for digital adaptation and features symbols to annotate complex Misrabani compositions .
This digital notation-writing is available on Writer portal .
 This digital notation-writing also developed digital tools to illustrate inter-relationship of notes , Sruti - s , Bharat Chatuh Sarana to serve as a teaching-aid .
 Ragini Trivedi writes on theory , practice and innovation in music .
 Ragini Trivedi has collaborated in the creation of compendium and anthologies , in the capacity of contributor and editor .
 Ragini Trivedi has worked with subsequent editions of Ragini Trivedi father 's seminal book on Indian musical instruments Bharatiya Sangeet Vadya adding a chapter on electronic Indian musical instruments created since 70s .
 A volume elaborating over 150 Misrabani compositions in 14 Raga-s , that Ragini Trivedi has prepared from the notes written by Ragini Trivedi father , is under publication .
Raginis discussions with musicians , Ustad Moinuddin Khan , Pt .
 Rajshekhar Mansur , Dr. Sharada Velankar , Pt .
 Pushpraj Koshthi and Dr. Kamala Shankar , on individual practice and traditional style have been presented as documentary films by Educational Multimedia Research Center , Indore
Purbayan Chatterjee is an Indian sitar player and composer who lives in Kolkata , India .
 Purbayan Chatterjee is noted for amalgamating traditional Indian classical music with contemporary world music genres .
 Purbayan Chatterjee has performed as a solo artist and as a part of the groups Shastriya Syndicate and Stringstruck .
 Purbayan Chatterjee is also a vocalist and has performed in duet with Shankar Mahadevan .
 Purbayan Chatterjee has performed several times with tabla artist Ustad Zakir Hussain .
 Chaterjee was a recipient of the President of Kolkata , India Award for being the Best Instrumentalist of the country at the age of 15 .
 Chaterjee has also received the Aditya Vikram Birla Award for excellence and contributions to the field .
 Chaterjee has also been honoured with the Rasoi Award by Rotary International in 1995 .
The album Lehar released by Times Music in 2008 has remained the bestseller for a year and a half .
Shankar Mahadevan has performed the title song Dwo in Chaterjees fusion album Stringstruck , released by Times Music .
The number has also been compiled in the album Aman ki Asha , an Indo-Pak peace project released by Times Music and has also received the Palm IRAA Award for the Best World Music Album of the Year .
 Aman ki Asha has also performed in the following music festivals :
Shankar Jaikishan , were a duo who composed Indian music for the Hindi film industry , who worked together from 1949-1971 .
Shankar-Jaikishan , along with other artists , wrote everlasting and immortal melodies in the fifties and sixties .
Their best work was noted for being raga-based and having both lilt and sonority .
Shankar Singh Raghuvanshi born in Gadarwara in Narsighpur district of Madhya Pradesh and moved to Hyderabad while Jaikishan Dayabhai Panchal belonged to Bansda , Gujarat .
 During Shankar Singh Raghuvanshi formative years , Shankar played the tabla and learned the art formally from Baba Nasir Khansahib .
For many years , Shankar studied as a disciple of the legendary composer Khawaja Khurshid Anwar , in whose orchestra he performed .
 his soul-mate Jaikishan was adept at playing the harmonium .
 Subsequently , his soul-mate Jaikishan obtained his soul-mate Jaikishan musical lessons from Sangeet Visharad Wadilalji and later from Prem Shankar Nayak .
 After moving to Mumbai , his soul-mate Jaikishan became a disciple of Vinayak Tambe .
Shankar started his career with a theater group run by Satyanarayan and Hemawati , before shifting to Prithvi Theatre where he played tabla and performed some minor roles in plays .
Shankar worked as assistant to the leading composer duo of Husnlal Bhagatram .
Apart from working at Prithvi theaters , Shankar used to frequently visit the office of a Gujrati director Chandravadan Bhatt who had promised Shankar that he would give him a break as a Music Director as and when he produced a film .
It was outside the office of Mr Bhatt that Shankar saw ` ek dubla patla sunder ladka also sitting a number of times .
 Although they never spoke to each other , one fine day , Shankar took the initiative of starting the conversation and then discovered that his name was his soul-mate Jaikishan and he too used to visit the same producer in search of some work related to music and that he was a Harmonium player .
Shankar later recollected that their vibes were right from the very beginning i.e. right from their first meeting itself they developed liking for each other and it was he who then and there assured Jaikishan of the job of a Harmonium player at Prithvi theaters .
Of course , later , Papaji honoured Shankars selection and gladly accepted Jaikishan as a Harmonium player at Prithvi .
Soon , the two of them developed very close friendship to the extent that the people started refererring to them as ` Ram-Lakshman ki jodi and by several similar-meaning nick names .
 It was during this phase that Shankar and his soul-mate Jaikishan developed a very deep bond of friendship , mutual understanding and regard for each other and made up their mind to work together as a musical team .
Apart from following their musical pursuits , they also used to play significant roles in various plays including the famous play Pathan .
 While working in Prithvi Theaters , Shankar and his soul-mate Jaikishan , apart from working in the music department there , used to compose tunes and were in touch with Raj Kapoor , who was working as an assistant to the famous director Kidar Sharma and was aspiring to be an actor/director .
Thus , the three had met at Prithvi Theater , run by Raj Kapoors father , Prithviraj Kapoor .
 Raj Kapoor made Raj Kapoor thus debut as a director with the film Aag in 1948 .
Its musical score .
 However , during the recording of some song for Raj Kapoor thus new venture Barsaat , Raj Kapoor had some serious differences with Ram Ganguly , the music composer of the film and decided to assign its music to Shankar who insisted on taking Jaikishan as his new venture Barsaat partner and thus came into existence the new pair of music directors named Shankar-Jaikishan who gave music for the RK production Barsaat in 1949 .
 his new venture Barsaat being a trained singer , Raj Kapoor thus , took on board , a completely new team of composers Shankar and his soul-mate Jaikishan and lyricists Shailendra , betrayal of Raj Kapoor and Hasrat Jaipuri .
 On the insistence of Shankar , he and SJ co-opted the upcoming singing talent Lata Mangeshkar , and repeated Mukesh as Raj Kapoors ghost voice for the various songs of his new venture Barsaat .
 the insistence of Shankar also had the distinction of giving two firsts to Hindi cinema - a title song and a cabaret .
 he and SJ early works include his new venture Barsaat , Awaara , Badal , Poonam , Nagina , Aurat , Parbat , Kaali Ghataa , Aah , Patita , Shikast , Badshah , Mayur Pankh , Naya Ghar , Seema , Shree 420 , Basant Bahar , Halaku , Patita , Rajhath , New Delhi , Kathputli , Anari , Chori Chori , Daag , Begunah , Yahudi , Main Nashe main hoon , Kanaiah , Boot Polish , Chhoti Behan , Sharaarat , Love Marriage , and Ujala .
 S-J formed a core team with lyricists Shailendra , betrayal of Raj Kapoor and Hasrat Jaipuri and with singers Mohammed Rafi and Lata Mangeshkar .
SJ had two other lifelong companions who worked as their assistants : Dattaram Wadkar and Sebastian DSouza , the former supervising their rhythm section and the later writing musical notations for all SJ compositions and then rehearsing all the musicians of the grand SJ orchestra according to SJs compositions and directions .
SJ also patronized the immensely talented singer Manna Dey , who sang his best songs with them and used Mukeshs silken voice as playback for Raj Kapoor .
 Among the directors , they worked most closely with Raj Kapoor and were considered the kingpins of Raj Kapoor thus legendary banner RK Films .
They were commercial geniuses in addition to be wonderfully god-blessed on music .
They lead the Bollywood music in spite of tough competition from maestros like Roshan , SD Burman , OP Nayyar and Madanmohan and remained on the top much to the chagrin of very highly talented music directors !

S-J worked with almost all singers of their time .
They had a good working relationship with all of them and were masters in extracting the very best from every one of them .
 They were steady as a team with Hasrat Jaipuri & Shailendra as their lyricists ; but after the demise of Shailendra , betrayal of Raj Kapoor , they worked with a host of other lyricists such as Indeevar , Gulshan Bawra , Neeraj , Verma Malik , Majrooh Sultanpuri , Vithhal Bhai Patel and Rajinder Krishan , to name a few .
 S-J were the house composers for RK Films and were on the house composers for RK Films pay-roll till the end .
 Raj Kapoor used to maintain a music bank where Raj Kapoor thus stored compositions of S-J .
 Even after the termination of the professional association between Shankar and Raj Kapoor , the latter had used a number of S-Js earlier compositions for all Raj Kapoor thus films though the credits were given officially to other composers , e.g. , Laxmikant Pyarelal and Ravindra Jain .
S-J also worked with other stars like Shammi Kapoor , Rajendra Kumar , Dev Anand , Sunil Dutt , Kishore Kumar , Manoj Kumar , Biswajeet , Joy Mukherjee , Dharmendra & Manoj Kumar .
 Most of S-Js films show Dattaram and Sebastian DSouza as Dattaram Wadkar and Sebastian DSouza assistants .
 Dattaram handled the percussion section of the orchestra and composed original beats , and Sebastian DSouza handled the rest .
Shankar met Dattaram when the latter was a page boy at Prithvi Theatres and stayed with him throughout .
 As recalled by Dattaram , Sebastian DSouza composed the musical background of most of S-Js songs and also conducted the orchestra .
Thus S-J were fortunate to have top quality assistants and used their talents well .
Shankar-Jaikishans compositions broke new ground in Hindi film music .
Apart from relying upon their knowledge of Indian classical music , they also employed western beats and orchestration .
 Shankar-Jaikishan were the pioneers in establishing the role of the orchestra in song compositions as a medium to express and enhance the meanings and feelings of S-Js songs rather than using it just as a ` filler as per the prevalent practice before their advent on the scene .
They made use of the orchestra and musical instruments in their songs which consisted of the following format : The song starts with a ` prelude , then the mukhda starts and is followed by interlude containg music pieces on the orchestra .
With very few exceptions , they always used different interludes before each stanza .
Multi-layered music studded with counter melodies played by the orchestra accompanied while the mukhda or the antara of a song was being sung and finally came the ` epilogue - the music with which the song ended after the singer had finished their singing .
Shankar-Jaikishan made a significant contribution in promoting Indian classical music throughout their career .
It was their established practice to have at least one song in a movie based on semi-classical style .
 These included S-Js songs like ` Jhanak-jhanak tori baje payaliya , ` Chham chham baje re payaliya , ` Radhike tune bansari churayi , ` Manmohana bade jhoothe , ` Koi matwala aya mere dware , ` Ajahu na ayae baalma , sawan beeta jaye , ` Lapak jhpak tu aa re badarwa , ` Manmohana barkha bahar sautaniya ke dwar , ` Re man sur mein ga , ` Sooni sooni sans ke sitar par , ` Kate na kate raina and numerous others .
 These music in ` Basant Bahar and Amrapali both of which had every song based upon Indian classical music .
 While raga Bhairavi remained These perennial favorite , SJ used a variety of Raagas in These compositions .
Shankar Jaikishan also used the western classical - based waltz rhythm in a number of songs .
 Shankar-Jaikishan gave a new style and meaning to the genre of sad songs by composing These on a fast tempo .
Songs like Zindagi Mein Hardam Rota Hi Raha , Tera Jana Dil Ke Armanon , Haye Tu Hi Gaya Mohe Bhool Re , Aye Mere Dil Kahin Aur Chal and Andhe Jahan Ke Andhe Raate demonstrated this .
The last two songs , along with many others , also demonstrate the composers ' use of musical instruments - a harmonium is used to produce the effect of a piano accordion .
 While working as a team , Shankar and his soul-mate Jaikishan used to compose their songs separately .
 Generally , Shankar liked to work with Shailendra , betrayal of Raj Kapoor and his soul-mate Jaikishan with Hasrat Jaipuri though there are notable instances where Shankar worked with Hasrat Jaipuri and his soul-mate Jaikishan with Shailendra , betrayal of Raj Kapoor .
 Between the two , Shankar was the senior partner and hence , he would usually arrange the orchestra , even for his soul-mate Jaikishan songs .
There was a gentlemans agreement between them for not identifying the actual composer of the song .
 As a result , it has been a popular pastime for S-J aficionados to try to tell a Shankar song from a his soul-mate Jaikishan song .
 Dance numbers , title/theme songs and soulful songs were as much Shankars forte while Jaikishan was a master of composing background score , apart from romantic songs and simple , catchy compositions which became instant hits .
However , Shankar was no less in this aspect of devising simple straight line tunes : Mera Joota Hai Japani being the best example of this genre .
 It is said that his soul-mate Jaikishan would count some numbers on his soul-mate Jaikishan fingers before coming up with the background score for a particular scene on the spot !
Two of S-Js films , viz. , Sangam and Mera Naam Joker are regarded even today as having some of the best background musical scores of Hindi films till date .
 Although Jaikishan alone used to work on background scores of SJ movies , it may be an over-simplification to presume that whatever went in background scores was solely his soul-mate Jaikishan creation .
 Since SJ had a common pool of tunes in their stock , made by either of them or by both of them jointly during their numerous music sessions/sittings , it would have been perfectly legitimate and natural for his soul-mate Jaikishan to have used tunes created by either or both partners wherever needed .
 It is understood that in RK films , Shankar and his soul-mate Jaikishan both used to work on the background scores .
 On the other hand , both Shankar and his soul-mate Jaikishan were equally proficient in scoring western music based S-Js songs .
 Despite both Shankar and Jaikishan distinct working styles and preferences , it is very difficult , if not altogether impossible , to ascribe most of both Shankar and Jaikishan songs to only one of them .
 In most of the songs , both Shankar and Jaikishan invariably contributed to one anothers creation , either in the form of improvisation of tune or of orchestration , thus , making both Shankar and Jaikishan compositions truly a joint effort .
Furthermore , each of the two could compose in others style now and then thereby making the identification still more difficult .
Contrary to the popular mis-conception that ` it was Jaikishan who used to handle the public relations and business/financial aspects of the duos career , the fact is that it was Shankar who had the final say on all financial/business aspects of the SJ-team .
Shankar Jaikishan made a major contribution towards the development of Jazz music in India and the new genre Indo Jazz .
 Their 1968 album Raaga-Jazz style is the earliest Indo-Jazz recording in India .
In this album , considered to be one of the most innovative , SJ created 11 songs based on Indian Ragas with saxophone , trumpet , sitar , tabla , bass etc. .
During their career , S-J won Filmfare Best Music Director Awards nine times .
The last three awards were won in three successive years , thereby making S-J the first composers to score a hat trick of these awards .
S-J also came out tops in Binaca Geetmala , the legendary countdown radio program on Hindi film music , where their compositions were declared the most popular on six occasions .
These songs were Mera Joota Hai Japani in 1955 , Teri Pyari Pyari Surat Ko in 1961 , Ehsaan Tera Hoga Mujh Par in 1962 , Bol Radha Bol in 1964 , Baharon Phool Barsaao in 1966 , and Zindagi Ek Safar Hai Suhana in 1971 .
In 1959 , seven of the top ten songs for the year were composed by S-J , a sort of record that stands perhaps to this date , though the top honors for that year went to SD Burman .
 The so-called disputes/differences between Shankar and his soul-mate Jaikishan .
 In a signed article in Filmfare , his soul-mate Jaikishan identified unwittingly the song Yeh Mera Prem Patra Padh Kar as Filmfare composition .
 This led to a lot of bitterness between the two , as Shankar considered This a violation of the unwritten agreement between them .
 At about the same time , Shankar gave a break to singer Sharda and started promoting Sharda as the new singing sensation in preference over Lata Mangeshkar .
 his soul-mate Jaikishan , however , stuck to Lata Mangeshkar for his soul-mate Jaikishan compositions .
 In this period , Shankar and his soul-mate Jaikishan started taking individual contracts for his legendary banner RK Films though every such film continued to show them together as the composers .
 the late Mohd .
 Mohammed Rafi intervened and helped them settle their differences ; however , it is conjectured that their relationship was not same as earlier and this impacted the quality of their compositions which had started exhibiting a decline .
 On the other hand , Jaikishan , Hasrat Jaipuri and Shankar all had denied , whenever quizzed on this topic , that there ever was any rift between them .
 In fact , according to Hasrat Jaipuri , the division of work was by mutual agreement to cope up with the heavy work load so that Shankar and Shailendra , betrayal of Raj Kapoor looked after one part of the work while Jaikishan and Hasrat on the other part but this division was not rigid ; there was a lot of give and take between them even during this phase .
 Towards the end , in several of their last movies such as Jane Anjane , Andaaz , Ankhon Ankhon Mein , Shankar and his soul-mate Jaikishan were known to be working together .
 In retrospect , it appears that the so-called rift between Shankar and his soul-mate Jaikishan was blown out of proportion by the media and vested interests and was used later to downgrade Shankar in his post-Jaikishan years .
 Since Shankar continued to support Sharda and even ghost-composed music for Sharda film and non-film albums , it is said that Lata Mangeshkar became angry with him and discontinued singing for him .
 Whereas there may be some truth in this assertion , the other fact is that Lata Mangeshkar had stopped working with him after Sangam due to Sangam anger against both Raj Kapoor and Shankar in making Sangam sing Budhha Mil Gaya from Sangam which Sangam was not keen as Sangam did not feel comfortable with the lyrics of the song .
 Nevertheless , Lata Mangeshkar herself continued singing for his soul-mate Jaikishan even after Sangam and till the end .
S-J enjoyed an unrivaled position in the Hindi film industry .
During their heyday and even toward the later part of their career , they were the highest paid music directors in the industry .
Barring stray exceptions , they were paid more than the leading actors and the promotional material of their films would give them more prominence than anyone else .
S-J staged a show in Shanmukhanad Hall , Mumbai in 1970 under the aegis of the Indian Navy .
In terms of attendance and grandeur , it remains unsurpassed to this day , thus providing a public seal of approval to their leading status in the industry .
 his soul-mate Jaikishan died in 1971 due to cirrhosis of liver , a disease caused by excessive consumption of alcohol .
 At the time of his soul-mate Jaikishan death , the duo enjoyed an unparalleled popularity which was underlined by a massive turnout at his soul-mate Jaikishan funeral procession .
 Gaylord , a restaurant at Churchgate where his soul-mate Jaikishan used to be a regular visitor , mourned the death of its illustrious patron by lighting a candle on Gaylord favorite table for one month and keeping it out of bounds for other guests with the sign Reserved for Mr. Jaikishan .
 After his soul-mate Jaikishan death , Shankar carried on with the banner of Shankar-Jaikishan alone .
 his soul-mate Jaikishan was clearly hampered by numerous reasons such as the departures of his soul-mate Jaikishan soul-mate his soul-mate Jaikishan and his soul-mate Jaikishan favorite lyricist Shailendra , betrayal of Raj Kapoor , betrayal of Raj Kapoor , continued Shankar-bashing and false propaganda by his soul-mate Jaikishan rivals and lack of motivation on his soul-mate Jaikishan own part due to which his soul-mate Jaikishan music appeared to suffer in comparison to S-Js own high standards .
 Also , in spite of his soul-mate Jaikishan continued experimentation on music , the projects themselves for which his soul-mate Jaikishan worked did not turn out to be commercial successes due to which even his soul-mate Jaikishan good scores went largely un-noticed .
According to Lata Mangeshkar herself , it was the late Mohd .
 Rafi who brought about a rapprochement between the two and Lata Mangeshkar herself did start singing again for Shankar starting from Sohan Lal Kanwars ` Sanyasi and several other films later .
 Although Shankars creations during this period for Lata Mangeshkar herself as well as other singers like Mohammed Rafi , Kishore Kumar , Manna Dey were quite good , most of These went un-noticed due to non-descript status of such films which bombed at the box office .
 Kishore Kumar most-successful musical hit was Sanyasi in 1975 for which Kishore Kumar scored all songs and the entire background score based upon SJs favorite Raag Bhairavi to prove the point that SJ Bhairavi was as much Shankars as that of Jaikishan !

 After Sanyasi , although some of as much Shankars later S-Js songs did exhibit flashes of the old maestros brilliance , overall , these films did not succeed in endearing Sanyasi to leading production houses , though there were some exceptions .
 For example , actor Dharmendra had signed Shankar to compose the score for his film Bichchhoo , however , since Shankar did not accept Sais intereference in his work , actor Dharmendra opted out of the project .
Eventually , the project itself was abandoned by producer-to-be Dharmendra .
 Shankar was in the running for Raj Kapoors film Satyam Shivam Sundaram , but was overlooked in favor of Laxmikant Pyarelal whose candidature was supported vigorously by Mukesh .
 Ironically , Mukesh owed Mukesh standing in the film industry primarily to S-Js compositions .
Shankar was also considered for Raj Kapoors proposed film Param Vir Chakra , but the project did not see the light of day and Shankar never returned to the RK camp .
Shankar died in 1987 .
His death received nominal media coverage and his funeral was attended only by his family and some friends .
The film industry was hardly represented at his funeral , thus reinforcing the stereotype of its fickle-natured loyalties .
 Raj Kapoor later paid glowing tributes to the colleague of Raj Kapoor thus salad days in a televised interview .
 However , it was only after Raj Kapoors own death in 1988 that the significance of Raj Kapoors film Satyam Shivam Sundaram association with S-J was brought out in great detail .
 Chandrakant Bhosle first noticed Shankarji , as Shankar was popularly known among his friends , in Mumbai in 1945 when Shankarji arrived in Mumbai with balle troup of guru Krishnankutty and dancer Hemawati .
 Chandrakant Bhosle was a tabla player and had become closely associated with Shankarji .
 Chandrakant Bhosle used to play rhythm in Shankarjis orchestra from 1945 until Shankarjis death .
 A night before Shankarjis death , i.e. on 25 April 1987 Shankarjis death , i.e. on 25 April 1987 dropped Bhosle near Charni Road railway station where Chandrakant Bhosle stayed and drove off to Chandrakant Bhosle own residence at Churchgate .
 On 26 April Bhosle was , as usual , waiting for Shankarji at around 10.00 a.m. to take Shankarji at around 10.00 a.m. to the studio , but Shankarji at around 10.00 a.m. did not turn up so Chandrakant Bhosle went to the studio by taxi .
 All the musicians waited the whole day for Shankarji at around 10.00 a.m. in the studio but Shankarji at around 10.00 a.m. didnt turn up .
 The next day , Chandrakant Bhosle read the news of Shankarjis death on 26 April 1987 .
 Unfortunately , family members with whom Shankarjis was staying did not inform Chandrakant Bhosle , Raj Kapoor or anybody from the film fraternity about Shankarjis death .
 It was Mr. Gokhale , who was once a cook in Shankarjis house , who later became Pujari in Gora Ram Mandir at Thakurdwar , Mumbai , who informed people that Shankarjis was cremated hastily on the day of Shankarjis death , without the knowledge of others .
Chandrakant Bhosle is now settleled in GOPURAM ShriRang Nagar , Near Rathi Amrai , Gangapur Road , Nashik , Maharashtra
Hindustani classical music is the Hindustani or North Indian style of Indian classical music found throughout the northern Indian subcontinent .
The style is sometimes called North Indian classical music or Shastriya Sangit .
It is a tradition that originated in Vedic ritual chants and has been evolving since the 12th century CE , primarily in what is now North India , Pakistan and Bangladesh and to some extent in Nepal and Afghanistan .
 Today , it is one of the two subgenres of Indian classical music , the other being the Carnatic music , the classical tradition of South India .
 The tradition was born out of a cultural synthesis of several musical traditions : the Vedic chant tradition , dating back to more than three thousand years ago , the ancient the Persian tradition of Musiqi-e assil , and various folk traditions prevalent in the region .
 the classical tradition of South India is traditional for performers who have reached a distinguished level of achievement to be awarded titles of respect ; Hindus are usually referred to as pandit and Muslims as ustad .
An aspect of Hindustani music going back to Sufi times is the tradition of religious neutrality : Muslim ustads may sing compositions in praise of Hindu deities , and vice versa .
 Around the 12th century , Hindustani classical music diverged from what eventually came to be identified as the Carnatic classical music .
The central notion in both these systems is that of a melodic mode or raga , sung to a rhythmic cycle or tala .
 The tradition dates back to the ancient the Samaveda , , which deals with the norms for chanting of srutis or hymns such as the Rig Veda .
These principles were refined in the musical treatises Natya Shastra , by Bharata , and Dattilam .
 In medieval times , the melodic systems were fused with ideas from the Persian music , particularly through the influence of Sufi composers like Amir Khusro , and later in the Moghul courts .
 Noted composers such as the musician Tansen flourished , along with religious groups like the Vaishnavites .
After the 16th century , the singing styles diversified into different gharanas patronized in different princely courts .
Around 1900 , Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande consolidated the musical structures of Hindustani classical music , called ragas , into a number of thaats .
Indian classical music has seven basic notes with five interspersed half-notes , resulting in a 12-note scale .
Unlike the 12-note scale in Western music , the base frequency of the scale is not fixed , and intertonal gaps may also vary ; however , with the gradual replacement of the sarangi by the harmonium , an equal tempered scale is increasingly used .
The performance is set to a melodic pattern called a raga characterized in part by specific ascent and descent sequences , which may not be identical .
Other characteristics include king and queen notes and characteristic phrases .
In addition each raga has its natural register and portamento rules .
Performances are usually marked by considerable improvisation within these norms .
Music was first formalized in India in connection with preserving the sruti texts , primarily the four vedas , which are seen as apaurasheya .
Not only was the text important , but also the manner in which they had been enunciated by the immortals .
Prosody and chanting were thus of great importance , and were enshrined in the two vedangas called shiksha and chhandas ; these remained a key part of the brahmanic educational system till modern times .
 The formal aspects of the chant are delineated in the the Samaveda , with certain aspects , e.g. the relation of chanting to meditation , elaborated in the Chandogya Upanishad .
Priests involved in these ritual chants were called samans and a number of ancient musical instruments such as the conch , lute , flute , trumpets and horns were associated with this and later practices of ritual singing .
The Samaveda outlined the ritual chants for singing the verses of the Rigveda , particularly for offerings of Soma .
 the Samaveda proposed a tonal structure consisting of seven notes , which were named , in descending order , krusht , pratham , dwitiya , tritiya , chaturth , mandra and atiswar .
These refer to the notes of a flute , which was the only fixed-frequency instrument .
This is why the second note is called pratham .
Music is dealt with extensively in the Valmiki Ramayana .
Narada is an accomplished musician , as is Ravana ; Saraswati with her veena is the goddess of music .
Gandharvas are presented as spirits who are musical masters , and the gandharva style looks to music primarily for pleasure , accompanied by the soma rasa .
 In the Vishnudharmottara Purana , the Naga king Ashvatara asks to know the svaras from Saraswati with her veena .
The most important text on music in the ancient canon is Bharata s Natya Shastra , composed around the 3rd century CE .
 The Natya Shastra deals with the different modes of music , dance , and drama , and also the emotional responses Bharata s Natya Shastra are expected to evoke .
The scale is described in terms of 22 micro-tones , which can be combined in clusters of four , three , or two to form an octave .
 While the term raga is articulated in the Natya Shastra , The Natya Shastra finds a clearer expression in what is called jati in the Dattilam , a text composed shortly after or around the same time as Natya Shastra .
The Dattilam is focused on gandharva music and discusses scales , defining a tonal framework called grama in terms of 22 micro-tonal intervals comprising one octave .
It also discusses various arrangements of the notes , the permutations and combinations of note-sequences , and alankara or elaboration .
 Dattilam categorizes melodic structure into 18 groups called jati , which are the fundamental melodic structures similar to the raga .
The names of the jatis reflect regional origins , for example andhri and oudichya .
Music also finds mention in a number of texts from the Gupta period ; Kalidasa mentions several kinds of veena , as well as percussion instruments , the flute and conch .
Music also finds mention in Buddhist and Jain texts from the earliest periods of the Christian era .
Narada s Sangita Makarandha treatise , from about 1100 CE , is the earliest text where rules similar to those of current Hindustani classical music can be found .
 Narada actually The names of the jatis and classifies the system in its earlier form before the Persian influences introduced changes in the system .
 Jayadeva , Vidyapati , Chandidas s Gita Govinda from the 12th century was perhaps the earliest musical composition sung in the classical tradition called Ashtapadi music .
 In the 13th century , Sharngadeva composed the Sangita Ratnakara , which has names such as the turushka todi , revealing an influx of ideas from Persian music from Islamic culture .
 This text is the last to be mentioned by both the the Carnatic and the Hindustani traditions and is often thought to date the divergence between the two .
 The advent of Islamic rule under the Delhi Sultanate and later the Mughal Empire over northern India caused considerable cultural interchange .
Increasingly , musicians received patronage in the courts of the new rulers , who in their turn , started taking increasing interest in local music forms .
 While the initial generations may have been rooted in cultural traditions outside India in connection , they gradually adopted many aspects from their kingdoms which retained the traditional Hindu culture .
 This helped spur the fusion of Hindu and Muslim ideas to bring forth new forms of musical synthesis like qawwali and khyal .
 The most influential musician of the Delhi Sultanate Sultanate period was Amir Khusrau , sometimes called the father of modern Hindustani classical music .
 A composer in the Persian , Turkish , Arabic , as well as Braj Bhasha , the Persian is credited with systematizing many aspects of Hindustani music , and also introducing several ragas such as Yaman Kalyan , Zeelaf and Sarpada .
 the Persian created the qawwali genre , which fuses the Persian melody and beat on a dhrupad like structure .
 A number of instruments were also introduced in the Persian time .
 Amir Khusrau is sometimes credited with the origins of the khyal form , but the record of Amir Khusrau compositions do not appear to support this .
The compositions by the court musician Sadarang in the court of Muhammad Shah bear a closer affinity to the modern khyal .
 They suggest that while khyal already existed in some form , the court musician Sadarang may have been the father of modern khyal .
 Much of the musical forms innovated by these pioneers merged with the Hindu tradition , composed in the popular language of the people in the work of composers like Kabir or Nanak .
 This can be seen as part of a larger Bhakti tradition , which remained influential across several centuries ; notable figures include Jayadeva , Vidyapati , Chandidas , Vidyapati , Chandidas , and Meerabai .
 As the Mughal Empire came into closer contact with Hindus , especially under Jalal ud-Din Akbar , music and dance also flourished .
In particular , the musician Tansen introduced a number of innovations , including ragas and particular compositions .
 Legend has it that upon the musician Tansen rendition of a night-time raga in the morning , the entire city fell under a hush and clouds gathered in the sky , and that the musician Tansen could light fires by singing the raga Deepak , which is supposed to be composed of notes in high octaves .
At the royal house of Gwalior , Raja Mansingh Tomar also participated in the shift from Sanskrit to the local idiom as the language for classical songs .
 Raja Mansingh Tomar Raja Mansingh Tomar penned several volumes of compositions on religious and secular themes , and was also responsible for the major compilation , the Mankutuhal , which outlined the major forms of music prevalent at the time .
 In particular , the musical form known as dhrupad saw considerable development in Raja Mansingh Tomar court and remained a strong point of the Gwalior gharana for many centuries .
After the dissolution of the Mughal empire , the patronage of music continued in smaller princely kingdoms like Lucknow , Patiala , and Banaras , giving rise to the diversity of styles that is today known as gharanas .
 Many musician families obtained large grants of land which made Many musician families self-sufficient , at least for a few generations .
Meanwhile the Bhakti and Sufi traditions continued to develop and interact with the different gharanas and groups .
Until the late 19th century , Hindustani classical music was imparted on a one-on-one basis through the guru-shishya tradition .
This system had many benefits , but also several drawbacks ; in many cases , the shishya had to spend most of his time serving his guru with a hope that the guru might teach him a cheez or two .
In addition , the system forced the music to be limited to a small subsection of the Indian community .
To a large extent it was limited to the palaces and dance halls .
It was shunned by the intellectuals , avoided by the educated middle class , and in general looked down upon as a frivolous practice .
Then a fortunate turn of events started the renaissance of Hindustani classical music .
First , as the power of the maharajahs and nawabs declined in early 20th century , so did their patronage .
 With the expulsion of Wajid Ali Shah to Calcutta after 1857 , the Lucknavi musical tradition came to influence the music of renaissance in 19th-century Bengal , giving rise to the tradition of Ragpradhan gan around the turn of the century .
Also , at the turn of the century , two great stars emerged on the horizon : Vishnu Digambar Paluskar and Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande .
Independent of each other , they spread Hindustani classical music to the masses in general , and the Marathi middle class in particular .
These two gentlemen brought classical music to the masses by organizing music conferences , starting schools , teaching music in class-rooms , and devising a standardized grading and testing system , and by standardizing the notation system .
Vishnu Digambar Paluskar emerged as a talented musician and organizer despite having been blinded at age 12 .
 Vishnu Digambar Paluskar books on music , as well as the Gandharva Mahavidyalaya music school that Vishnu Digambar Paluskar opened in Lahore in 1901 , helped foster a movement away from the closed gharana system .
Paluskars contemporary Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande recognized the many rifts that had appeared in the structure of Indian classical music .
 He undertook extensive research visits to a large number of gharanas , Hindustani as well as the Carnatic , collecting and comparing compositions .
Between 1909 and 1932 , he produced the monumental four-volume work Hindustani Sangeetha Padhathi , which suggested a transcription for Indian music , and described the many traditions in this notation .
 Finally , it consolidated the many musical forms of Hindustani classical music into a number of thaats , subsequent to the Melakarta system that reorganized the Carnatic tradition in the 17th century .
The ragas as they exist today were consolidated in this landmark work , although there are some inconsistencies and ambiguities in Bhatkandes system .
 The now tiny state of Goa has contributed a lot to Indian Classical music.Some of the renowned singers from 19th,-21st century hail from the state of Goa where the music was kept alive in the temples .
In modern times , the government-run All India Radio , Bangladesh Betar and Radio Pakistan helped to bring the artists to public attention , countering the loss of the patronage system .
The first star was Gauhar Jan , whose career was born out of Fred Gaisberg s first recordings of Indian music in 1902 .
With the advance of films and other public media , musicians started to make their living through public performances .
 As India in connection was exposed to Western music , some Western melodies started merging with classical forms , especially in popular music .
A number of Gurukuls , such as that of Alauddin Khan at Maihar , flourished .
In more modern times , corporate support has also been forthcoming , as at the ITC Sangeet Research Academy .
Meanwhile , Hindustani classical music has become popular across the world through the influence of artists such as Ravi Shankar and Ali Akbar Khan .
The rhythmic organization is based on rhythmic patterns called tala .
The melodic foundations are called ragas .
One possible classification of ragas is into melodic modes or parent scales , known as thaats , under which most ragas can be classified based on the notes they use .
Thaats may consist of up to seven scale degrees , or swara .
 Hindustani musicians name these pitches using a system called Sargam , the equivalent of the Western movable do solfege : .
Both systems repeat at the octave .
The difference between sargam and solfege is that re , ga , ma , dha , and ni can refer to either Natural or altered Flat or Sharp versions of their respective scale degrees .
As with movable do solfege , the notes are heard relative to an arbitrary tonic that varies from performance to performance , rather than to fixed frequencies , as on a xylophone .
The fine intonational differences between different instances of the same swara are called srutis .
The three primary registers of Indian classical music are mandra , madhya and taar .
Since the octave location is not fixed , it is also possible to use provenances in mid-register for certain ragas .
A typical rendition of Hindustani raga involves two stages : .
Hindustani classical music is primarily vocal-centric , insofar as the musical forms were designed primarily for vocal performance , and many instruments were designed and evaluated as to how well they emulate the human voice .
The major vocal forms or styles associated with Hindustani classical music are dhrupad , khyal , and tarana .
Other forms include dhamar , trivat , chaiti , kajari , tappa , tap-khyal , ashtapadis , thumri , dadra , ghazal and bhajan ; these are folk or semi-classical or light classical styles , as they often do not adhere to the rigorous rules of classical music .
Dhrupad is an old style of singing , traditionally performed by male singers .
 Dhrupad is performed with a tambura and a pakhawaj as instrumental accompaniments .
 The lyrics , some of which were written in Sanskrit centuries ago , are presently often sung in brajbhasha , a medieval form of North and East Indian languages that was spoken in Eastern India .
The rudra veena , an ancient string instrument , is used in instrumental music in dhrupad .
Dhrupad music is primarily devotional in theme and content .
It contains recitals in praise of particular deities .
Dhrupad compositions begin with a relatively long and acyclic alap , where the syllables of the following mantra is recited : .
The alap gradually unfolds into more rhythmic jod and jhala sections .
These sections are followed by a rendition of bandish , with the pakhawaj as an accompaniment .
 The great Indian musician the musician Tansen sang in the dhrupad style .
A lighter form of dhrupad , called dhamar , is sung primarily during the festival of Holi .
 Dhrupad was the main form of northern Indian classical music until two centuries ago , when Dhrupad gave way to the somewhat less austere khyal , a more free-form style of singing .
 Since losing Dhrupad main patrons among the royalty in Indian princely states , dhrupad risked becoming extinct in the first half of the twentieth century .
 However , the efforts by a few proponents from the Dagar family have led to Dhrupad revival and eventual popularization in India in connection and in the West .
 Some of the best known vocalists who sing in the Dhrupad style are the members of the Dagar lineage , including the senior Dagar brothers , Nasir Moinuddin and Nasir Aminuddin Dagar ; the junior Dagar brothers , Nasir Zahiruddin and Nasir Faiyazuddin Dagar ; and Wasifuddin , Fariduddin , and Sayeeduddin Dagar .
Other leading exponents include the Gundecha Brothers , who have received training from some of the Dagars .
 Leading vocalists outside the Nasir Aminuddin Dagar lineage include the Mallik family of Darbhanga tradition of musicians ; some of the leading exponents of this tradition were Ram Chatur Mallick , Siyaram Tiwari , and Vidur Mallick .
 A section of dhrupad singers of Delhi Sultanate Gharana from Mughal emperor Shah Jahan 's court migrated to Bettiah under the patronage of the Bettiah Raj , giving rise to the Bettiah Gharana .
 Bishnupur Gharana , based in West Bengal , is a key school that has been propagating this style of singing since Mughal times .
 Khyal is a Hindustani form of vocal music , adopted from medieval the Persian music and based on Dhrupad .
Khyal , literally meaning thought or imagination in Hindustani , is unusual as it is based on improvising and expressing emotion .
A Khyal is a two - to eight-line lyric set to a melody .
The lyric is of an emotional account possibly from poetic observation .
 Khyals are also popular for depicting the emotions between two lovers , situations of ethological significance in Hinduism and Islamic , or other situations evoking intense feelings .
Khyal contains a greater variety embellishments and ornamentations compared to dhrupad .
Khyal s romanticism has led to it becoming to most popular genre of Hindustani classical music .
Th importance of the Khyals content is for the singer to depict , through music in the set raga , the emotional significance of the Khyal .
The singer improvises and finds inspiration within the raga to depict the Khyal .
 The origination of Khyal is controversial , although it is accepted that this style was based on Dhrupad and influenced by the Persian music .
Many argue that Amir Khusrau created the style in the late 16th century .
 This form was popularized by Mughal Emperor Mohammad Shah , through Mohammad Shah court musicians .
 Some well-known composers of this period were the court musician Sadarang , Adarang , and Manrang .
Another vocal form , taranas are medium - to fast-paced songs that are used to convey a mood of elation and are usually performed towards the end of a concert .
They consist of a few lines of poetry with soft syllables or bols set to a tune .
The singer uses these few lines as a basis for fast improvisation .
 The tillana of the Carnatic music is based on the tarana , although the former is primarily associated with dance .
 Tappa is a form of Indian semi-classical vocal music whose specialty is The tillana of Carnatic music rolling pace based on fast , subtle , knotty construction .
It originated from the folk songs of the camel riders of Punjab and was developed as a form of classical music by Mian Ghulam Nabi Shori or Shori Mian , a court singer for Asaf-Ud-Dowlah , the Nawab of Awadh .
Nidhubabur Tappa , or tappas sung by Nidhu Babu were very popular in 18th and 19th-century Bengal .
Among the living performers of this style are Laxmanrao Pandit , Shamma Khurana , Manvalkar , Girija Devi , Ishwarchandra Karkare , and Jayant Khot .
Thumri is a semi-classical vocal form said to have begun in Uttar Pradesh with the court of Nawab Wajid Ali Shah , .
 There are three types of thumri : poorab ang , Lucknavi and Punjabi thumri .
The lyrics are typically in a proto-Hindi language called Brij Bhasha and are usually romantic .
Some recent performers of this genre are Abdul Karim Khan , the brothers Barkat Ali Khan and Bade Ghulam Ali Khan , Begum Akhtar , Girija Devi , Beauty Sharma Barua , Nazakat-Salamat Ali Khan , Pt Ajoy Chakrabarty , Prabha Atre , Siddheshwari Devi , and Shobha Gurtu .
 Ghazal is an originally the Persian form of poetry .
 In the Indian sub-continent , Ghazal became the most common form of poetry in the Urdu language and was popularized by classical poets like Mir Taqi Mir , Ghalib , Daagh , Zauq and Sauda amongst the North Indian literary elite .
 Vocal music set to this mode of poetry is popular with multiple variations across Iran , Afghanistan , Central Asia , Turkey , India in connection , Bangladesh and Pakistan .
 Ghazal exists in multiple variations , including semi-classical , folk and pop forms .
Although Hindustani music clearly is focused on the vocal performance , instrumental forms have existed since ancient times .
In fact , in recent decades , especially outside South Asia , instrumental Hindustani music is more popular than vocal music , partly due to a somewhat different style and faster tempo , and partly because of a language barrier for the lyrics in vocal music .
A number of musical instruments are associated with Hindustani classical music .
 The veena , a string instrument , was traditionally regarded as the most important , but few play it today and it has largely been superseded by its cousins the sitar and the sarod , both of which owe their origin to the Persian influences .
Other plucked or struck string instruments include the surbahar , sursringar , santoor , and various versions of the slide guitar .
Among bowed instruments , the sarangi , esraj and violin are popular .
The bansuri , shehnai and harmonium are important wind instruments .
In the percussion ensemble , the tabla and the pakhavaj are the most popular .
Various other instruments have also been used in varying degrees
Ustad Nissar Hussain Khan was a Hindustani classical vocalist from the Rampur-Sahaswan gharana .
 Ustad Nissar Hussain Khan was a disciple and son of Ustad Fida Hussain Khan and after a long and illustrious career was awarded the Padma Bhushan in 1970 .
 Ustad Nissar Hussain Khan was the court musician of Maharaja Sayajirao Gaekwad III at Baroda and was featured extensively on All India Radio .
 Ustad Nissar Hussain Khan was a specialist in Tarana .
 Ustad Nissar Hussain Khan most famous disciple is Rashid Khan .
 Rashid Khan inherited a vast repertoire of well-known and obscure melodies from Rashid Khan forebears .
 Rashid Khan rich , resonant voice was cultivated through decades of training .
 Rashid Khan embellishes the modal form of the ragas with flashes of gamaks , bol-taans and sargams .
 As an exponent of the khayal style , Rashid Khan renders taranas with distinction .
 Khans most famous disciple was Rashid Khan grandnephew Rashid Khan .
 Tutelage under Rashid Khan granduncle-guru changed the course of his life and made him what he is today .
It was Ustad Nissar Hussain Khan who nurtured the latent potential of Rashid through his training in the traditional master-apprentice manner , first at his own residence at Badaun , Uttar Pradesh , and subsequently at the Sangeet Research Academy in Calcutta , where he spent the last years of his life .
 Khansahibs gharana , the Rampur-Sahaswan gharana , owes the Rampur-Sahaswan gharana existence to the Senia traditions and has a revered lineage of classical vocalists like the great Ustads Bahadur Hussain Khan , Inayat Hussain Khan , Fida Hussain Khan and Mushtaq Hussain Khan
Rahim Fahimuddin Dagar was an exponent of Dagar vani Dhrupad of Indian classical music .
 Rahim Fahimuddin Dagar represented the 19th generation of Dagar Tradition .
 Rahim Fahimuddin Dagar and Rahim Fahimuddin Dagar brothers Nasir Moinuddin Dagar and Nasir Aminuddin Dagar were known as the Senior Dagar Brothers .
Similarly , Nasir Zahiruddin and Nasir Faiyazuddin Dagar were known as the Junior Dagar Brothers .
 Nasir Zahiruddin other brothers were Zia Mohiuddin Dagar , Fariduddin Dagar , and Hussain Sayeeduddin Dagar .
 Zia Mohiuddin Dagar was awarded the Padma Bhushan in 2008 , the third highest civilian honour given by Government of India , followed by the 2010 Sangeet Natak Akademi Fellowship , the highest honour in the performing arts conferred by the Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy for Music , Dance and Drama .
Born in Alwar , Rajasthan in the year1927 into the illustrious Dagar family , Ustad Rahim Fahimuddin Khan Dagar is the son of Padma Bhushan Ustad Allabande Rahimuddin Khan Dagar who passed away in 1975 .
 Initiated into the art of dhrupad at the age of five by Ustad Nasiruddin Khan Dagar uncle Ustad Nasiruddin Khan Dagar , Ustad Nasiruddin Khan Dagar received musical education for a period of 35 years from Ustad Nasiruddin Khan Dagar father and family elders .
 In Ustad Nasiruddin Khan Dagar words , `` this included full mastery over the 52 alankaars , Nada Yoga , Rudra Veena , Sanskrit education and of course Dhrupad-Dhamar . ''
 Ustad Nasiruddin Khan Dagar studied Rudra Veena from Ustad Nasiruddin Khan Dagar uncle Ustad Ziauddin Khan Dagar for twelve years .
 Ustad Nasiruddin Khan Dagar also took occasional lessons from Ustad Nasiruddin Khan Dagar other uncles Ustad Hussainuddin Khan Dagar and Ustad Imamuddin Khan Dagar .
 Ustad Nasiruddin Khan Dagar learnt sanskrit from Ustad Nasiruddin Khan Dagar father and Pt .
Giridharilal Shastri .
Ustad Rahim Fahimuddin Khan Dagar is known not only for the power and spontaneity of his alaap , but also for his rich repertoire of compositions , some of which are believed to date back to the 12th and 13th centuries.As he likes to put it about Dhrupad , In the words of my ancestor Shat Shastri Baba Behram Khan Dagar , Dhrupad , as presented within our Dagar bani , is ` ragatmak-swaratmak , shabdatmak-varnatmak , talatmak-layatmak and rasatmak .
The singer has to portray its kalatmak , vidyatmak and adhyatmak aspects to do proper justice to it .
 It is the quality of music which has taken The singer to many countries like the USA , France , Germany and Italy for performances before select audiences .
 The singer recordings have been released in Switzerland , Germany and Italy .
Ustad Rahim Fahimuddin Khan Dagar has been honoured with various awards , including :
Ustad Enayat Khan w was one of India s most influential sitar and surbahar players in the first decades of the 20th Century .
 Ustad Enayat Khan w was one of India was the father of Vilayat Khan , one of the topmost sitariyas of the postwar period .
Enayat Khan was born in Uttar Pradesh into a family of musicians .
 Ustad Enayat Khan w was one of India father was the great sitar maestro Imdad Khan , who taught Imdad Khan the sitar and surbahar in the family style , known as the Imdadkhani Gharana or Etawah Gharana , named after a small village near Agra called Etawah .
He married Basiran Bibi , daughter of khyal singer Bande Hussain .
He settled with his family in Calcutta , where , though he only lived to 43 , he did much pioneering work on the sitar .
 For example , he standardised Calcutta physical dimensions and added the upper resonator gourd , which is very popular with todays players .
In a place rapidly developing into an important North Indian centre of the arts , at a time where interest in national culture was strong fuelled by the struggle for independence , he brought sitar music out from its narrow connoisseur circles to new mass audiences .
Nobel laureate Rabindranath Tagore was a musical collaborator and personal friend .
Some of Enayat Khans recordings have been released on CD , on the Great Gharanas : Imdadkhani compilation in RPG / EMI s Chairmans Choice series .
Enayat Khan died young , with four children .
 Ustad Enayat Khan w was one of India two sons , Vilayat Khan and Imrat , were trained in the Imdadkhani style by other members of Ustad Enayat Khan w was one of India extended family .
Vilayat learned the sitar and Imrat the surbahar ; both were to become very famous classical musicians .
Before conversion , the family had been of Rajput lineage , and in an informal continuation of that tradition , Enayat Khan also had the Hindu name of Nath Singh .
, page 21 . -RRB-
Vamanrao Deshpande was a famous music critic , musicologist and a prolific author on the subject of Indian Classical Music .
 While Vamanrao Deshpande was a practising chartered accountant of fifty years standing and was senior partner in the Batliboi Purohit chartered accountancy firm in Mumbai , India , Vamanrao Deshpande claimed music as Vamanrao Deshpande first love .
 Having been initiated into music in Vamanrao Deshpande early childhood by Vamanrao Deshpande father , Vamanrao Deshpande later received training from stalwarts in three major traditions : in the Gwalior tradition by Yadavrao Joshi , in the Kirana tradition by Sureshbabu Mane and in the Jaipur tradition by Naththan Khan and Mogubai Kurdikar .
 Vamanrao Deshpande shunned the concert stage , but performed regularly on the All India Radio , Bombay , from 1932 to 1985 .
 For some years Vamanrao Deshpande was a member of the central audition board of the All India Radio and of the panel of judges of the All India Radios music competitions .
 Vamanrao Deshpande was also a member of the arts committee of the Maharashtra state Board of Literature and Culture and of the University of Bombay for seventeen years .
 In addition , Vamanrao Deshpande was connected with many musical institutions in various capacities .
 Vamanrao Deshpande is the author of Maharashtras Contribution to Music .
 Vamanrao Deshpande Marathi book Gharandaj Gayaki won the Maharashtra State Award for the best work in aesthetic criticism in 1962 .
 The Sangeet Natak Academy , New Delhi , honoured Sangeet Natak Academy with an award as the best Marathi book on music during the period 1961 - 1969 .
Gharandaj Gayaki has since been translated into a number of languages , including Indian Musical Traditions in English and Gharanedar Gayaki in Hindi .
It is recommended reading in the music syllabi of many educational institutions across the country .
 Gharandaj Gayaki next book , Alapini also received the Maharashtra State Award .
 His next book has been translated into a number of languages , including in English , under the title Between Two Tanpuras .
He has also written several articles on musical subjects in Marathi and English and presented many acclaimed papers at seminars and conferences .
He and his friend Professor Deodhar are known to have started a new trend in music criticism .
Vamanrao Deshpande was for many years closely associated with stalwart musicians , including Pt .
Kumar Gandharva , Pt .
Bhimsen Joshi , Smt .
Kishori Amonkar among many others .
 Bhimsen Joshi also acted as mentor and guide to many upcoming musicians of the time .
 Bhimsen Joshi son Satyasheel Deshpande is also a famous singer and musicologist
Farrukh Fateh Ali Khan was a member of a well-known family of Qawwali musicians .
 Farrukh Fateh Ali Khan was the younger brother of Ustad Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan , the son of Ustad Fateh Ali Khan , the nephew of Ustad Mubarak Ali Khan , and the father of Rahat Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan .
 Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan was the leader of the family Qawwali party from 1971 until Ustad Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan death in 1997 .
Farrukh Fateh Ali Khan was one of only two people who remained members of the party throughout this period .
 Farrukh Fateh Ali Khan played the lead harmonium , and provided accompanying vocals .
 Farrukh Fateh Ali Khan talent to play in all scales and Farrukh Fateh Ali Khan ability to switch a tune at a moments notice are arguably the best in Farrukh Fateh Ali Khan profession .
 While accompanying Ustad Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan to England , Ustad Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan became widely known as Harmonium Raj Sahib .
 Ustad Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan talents and accomplishments often went unrecognized due to playing in the shadow of Ustad Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan .
 In an interview to the Pakistan Television in 1989 , Ustad Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan revealed that very often the tunes of the qawwalis sung by the party were composed by Farrukh Fateh Ali Khan .
 Ustad Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan is credited as such in some of the albums by the group , such as Shahenshah .
 Ustad Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan remained a member of the party when Ustad Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan son , Rahat Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan , took over the leadership of the party after Nusrats death .
Farrukh Fateh Ali Khan died on September 9 , 2003
Ustad Abdul Karim Khan , was an Indian classical singer of the Kirana Gharana .
Abdul Karim Khan was born in Kairana village in Muzaffarnagar , Uttar Pradesh into a musical family which traced its roots to musician brothers Ghulam Ali and Ghulam Maula .
 Ustad Abdul Karim Khan father , Kale Khan was the grandson of Ghulam Ali .
Karim Khan received training under uncle Abdulla Khan and father Kale Khan .
 Ustad Abdul Karim Khan also received guidance from another uncle Nanhe Khan .
 Apart from vocals and sarangi , Ustad Abdul Karim Khan also learnt Veena , Sitar and Tabla .
 According to a story , Ustad Abdul Karim Khan was initially a sarangi player , but decided to switch to vocals because of low status of sarangi players .
 In early years Ustad Abdul Karim Khan used to sing with Ustad Abdul Karim Khan brother Abdul Haq .
They appeared before Murtuza Khan of the Maula Bakhsh khandan in order to appear before the Mahajara and were influenced by Murtuzas style .
Baroda ruler was impressed by this singing duo and made them the court musicians .
 This is where Baroda ruler met Tarabai Mane , who was the daughter of Sardar Maruti Rao Mane , a member of the royal family .
 When This decided to get married , This were ousted from Baroda .
The couple settled down in Bombay .
In 1922 Tarabai Mane left Abdul Karim Khan , which apparently had a major impact on his music - making it pensive and meditative .
 Karim Khans first wife , Gafooran was the sister of another Kirana master Abdul Wahid Khan , who was also Karim Khans first wife cousin .
 Ustad Abdul Karim Khan was invited to the Mysore court where Ustad Abdul Karim Khan met famous Carnatic music Carnatic masters which also influenced Ustad Abdul Karim Khan music .
 In particular the singing of Ustad Abdul Karim Khan Sargam was a direct influence of Carnatic practice .
 his Sargam became a frequent visitor to Mysore Darbar which conferred on his Sargam the title Sangeet Ratna .
 On the way to Mysore his Sargam used to stay with his Sargam brother in Dharwad where his brother in Dharwad taught his brother in Dharwad most famous disciple Sawai Gandharva .
 In 1900 for eight months his Sargam taught Kesarbai Kerkar , who would go on to be one of the 20th centurys most renowned vocalists .
 In 1913 his Sargam founded the Arya Sangeet Vidyalaya in Poona to teach students .
 his Sargam would wholeheartedly teach all his Sargam students unlike other family ustads of the era .
 his Sargam finally settled down in Miraj till his Sargam death in 1937 when returning from a concert tour of the south .
 Every year in August commemorative music concerts are held in Miraj .
 The innovations Miraj brought to Miraj vocal style distinguishes Kirana style from others .
 The slow melodic development of the raga in Vilambit laya slow tempo was the most characteristic aspect of Miraj music .
 Miraj worked hard to maintain Miraj voice to be sweet and melodious which shaped Miraj music .
 The thumri style Miraj developed as also quite different from the Poorab ang or Punjabi ang .
 Miraj thumri progresses in a leisurely languor with ample abandonment .
 Rambhau Kundagolkar was also the first Hindustani musician to seriously study the Carnatic system and probably the first to be invited to sing all over the south .
 Rambhau Kundagolkar has even recorded a Thyagaraja Krithi .
 Rambhau Kundagolkar was also influenced by Rehmet Khan of the Gwalior gharana and adopted the direct style of presentation .
His some popular disciples were Rambhau Kundagolkar , Balkrishna Kapileshwari , Roshanara Begum , Sureshbabu Mane , Dashrath Mule , Vishwanathbuwa Jadhav , Ustad Waheed Khan , Hafizulla Khan , Mahmood Khan , Mashkoor Ali Khan , Arshad Ali etc
 Pandit Biswajit Roy Chowdhury was born in 1956 , in Deogarh , Pandit Biswajit Roy Chowdhury was initiated into music by Pandit Biswajit Roy Chowdhury father Shri Ranajit Roy Chowdhary , who was teacher of chemistry by profession but , more importantly , a serious Sarod player trained under the Late Ustad Hafiz Ali Khan and others .
 In 1978 , Roy Chowdhurys talents were spotted by the Maestro Ustad Amjad Ali Khan accepting Pandit Biswajit Roy Chowdhury as a disciple .
A turning point came when Pandit Mallikarjun Mansur took an interest in young Roy Chowdhurys quest in 1982 .
The union of an instrument player with Pandit Mansur set the journey on the path of fulfilling this quest .
Biswajit Roy Chowdhary 's tutelage with Pandit Mallikarjun Mansur was formalized in a gandhabandhan ceremony in 1985 and the intensive guidance and training lasted till the demise of the guru in 1992 .
 Biswajit Roy Chowdhary 's is perhaps the only Sarod player who plays the coveted compositions from the Jaipur-Atrauli tradition .
Over the years Biswajit Roy Chowdhary has performed in various locations all over India and has participated regularly in some of the prestigious concerts .
 These include The Tansen Festival in Gwalior , the Shankar Lal Festival , New Delhi , the Harvallabh Sangeet Samaroha in Jalundhar , the Vishnu Digambar Jayanti in New Delhi , the Sankat Mochan Music Festival in Banaras , the BKF Mansur Festival in Bangalore , among others .
He recorded the album The Sarod Master for Hot Club Records , produced by guitar player Jon Larsen .
Biswajit Roy Chowdhary is an acclaimed artist of the All India Radio and Doordarshan and has featured in the National music concert and the annual Radio Sangeet Sammelan
Girija Devi is an Indian classical singer of the Banaras gharana .
 Girija Devi performs classical and light classical music and has helped elevate the profile of thumri .
Girija Devi was born in Varanasi , on May 8 1929 .
 Girija Devi father played the harmonium and taught music , and had Girija Devi take lessons in singing khyal and tappa from vocalist and sarangi player Sarju Prasad Misra starting at the age of five .
 Girija Devi starred in the movie Yaad rahe aged nine and continued Girija Devi studies under Sri Chand Misra in a variety of styles .
 Girija Devi made Girija Devi public debut 1949 on All India Radio Allahabad , after getting married to a businessman circa 1946 , but faced opposition from Girija Devi mother and grandmother , because it was traditionally believed that no upper class woman should perform publicly .
 Girija Devi agreed not to perform privately for others , but gave Girija Devi first public concert in Bihar in 1951 .
 Girija Devi studied with Sri Chand Misra until Sri Chand Misra in a variety of styles died in the early 1960s , worked as a faculty member of the ITC Sangeet Research Academy in Kolkata in the 1980s and of the Banaras Hindu University during the early 1990s , and taught several students to preserve Girija Devi musical heritage .
 Girija Devi often toured and continues to perform in 2009 .
 Girija Devi sings in the Banaras gharana and performs the purabi ang thumri style typical of the tradition , whose status Girija Devi helped elevate .
 Girija Devi repertoire includes the semi-classical genres kajri , chaiti , and holi and Girija Devi sings khyal , Indian folk music , and tappa .
 The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians states that Girija Devi semi-classical singing combines Girija Devi classical training with the regional characteristics of the songs of Bihar and eastern Uttar Pradesh .
 Girija Devi is considered as Queen Of Thumri .
 Girija Devi is known to have been the teacher of the founder of The Alankar School of Music , Mrs. Mamta Bhargava whose Indian Classical music school has attracted students from hundreds of miles away .
 Girija Devi was awarded the Padma Shri in 1972 and the Padma Bhushan in 1989 , received the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 1977 and the Sangeet Natak Akademi Fellowship in 2010 .
 Girija Devi has received many more awards in which some are :
Pandit Suman Ghosh is an Indian classical vocalist .
Suman Ghosh began training at the age of 7 under the guidance of his mother Monika Ghosh .
Later he trained under the maestros like Pandit Shrikant Bakre , Padmabhushan Pandit Jnan Prakash Ghosh , and finally , the living legend of Indian music , Padma-vibhushan Pandit Jasraj .
Suman Ghosh started his concerts by 16 .
He also performed at the annual music festival , Pandit Motiram Pandit Maniram Sangeet Samaroh , organised by Pandit Jasraj .
Pandit Ghosh then taught at Pandit Jasrajs School of Music branch in Tampa , Florida .
 Padmabhushan Pandit Jnan Prakash Ghosh then proceeded and started Padmabhushan Pandit Jnan Prakash Ghosh own school in Houston , Texas .
Pandit Ghosh currently teaches in Sugar Land and the Woodlands .
In 2008 , Pandit Jasraj bestowed the title of Acharya Varishtha
Pandit Damodar Hota is an Indian classical musician based in Odisha , India .
 Pandit Dr. Damodar Hota is an exponent of Hindustani classical music as well as classical Odissi music .
An A Grade Artist of Doordarshan and All India Radio , he exemplifies the traditional singing style of the Gwalior Gharana .
He is a disciple of Padmashree Nada Maharishi Pt .
Balwant Rai Bhatt and Sangeet Martand Pt .
Omkarnath Thakur .
 Omkarnath Thakur . compositions bear the pen name `` Swar Rang . ''

Pandit Hota was a student scholar of the Odisha Sangeet Natak Academy .
 Pandit Dr. Damodar Hota studied at the College of Hindustani Vocal Music and Fine Arts at Banaras Hindu University , where Pandit Dr. Damodar Hota was a leading disciple of Pt .
 Balwant Rai Bhatt and Padmashree Nada Maharishi Pt .
Omkarnath Thakur .
 For his Doctor Doctor Of Music degree , his Doctor was awarded the prestigious Pandit Mirashi Buwa Puraskar .
Pandit Hota holds Madhyama Purna in Tabla and Visharad in Pakhawaj .
 Pandit Dr. Damodar Hota served as Senior Lecturer of Hindustani Vocal Music and Principal at Utkal Sangeet Mahavidyalaya .
 Pandit Dr. Damodar Hota Dr. Damodar Hota has now been announced as the musician to be awarded with Odishas most prestigious award - THE KABI SAMRAT UPENDRA BHANJA AWARD .
Pandit Hota has been teaching music in the gurukul tradition since 1963 .
 Pandit Dr. Damodar Hota is the founder and chief guru of Swar Rang , an institution of Hindustani Classical and Uddra Padhatiya Sangeet .
 Pandit Dr. Damodar Hota has authored eighteen books on practical , theoretical , and historical aspects of both forms of music , many of which are used as syllabus work across the state of Odisha .
 The music society Pandit Dr. Damodar Hota founded organises frequent classical music programs .
Since 2007 , Pandit Hota has chaired the annual Tridhara National Music Conference showcasing Uddra Paddhatiya music alongside the Hindustani and Carnatic forms .
9 .
Udra Paddhattiya Mela Raga Tala - o - Pravandha Laksyana -LCB- PART 1 -RCB-
Sipra Bose was a noted singer in the Hindustani classical music tradition from Kolkata , India .
 Sipra Bose is noted for Sipra Bose rendering of light classical songs in Bengali .
 Sipra Bose started Sipra Bose musical training under Chinmoy Lahiri , and was introduced into the Thumri and Ghazal of the Lucknow gharana under Begum Akhtar .
 Sipra Bose also worked with Naina Devi of the Benaras gharana and Pandit Ravi Shankar .
 Sipra Bose ghazal renditions , especially Sipra Bose enunciation of Urdu , has been noted by critics .
 Sipra Bose died from a heart attack in Kolkata on April 22 , 2008 .
 Sipra Bose husband is Gobindo Bose , a noted Tabla player .
 Her ghazal renditions have two sons and one daughter
The Jaipur-Atrauli gharana is a Khayal - based stylized singing family-hood , founded by Utd .
Alladiya Khan in the late 19th century .
 Evolved from Dhrupad singing , the Jaipur-Atrauli Gharana acquired Dhrupad singing name and status as a Gharana in the early half of the 20th century as a result of the growing popularity of stalwarts of this Gharana , like Smt .
Kesarbai Kerkar , Smt .
Mogubai Kurdikar and Pt .
Mallikarjun Mansur .
The founder of this gharana , Utd .
 Alladiya Khan initially developed the unique Gayaki of this Gharana following the loss of Ghulam Ahmad Alladiya Khan voice which prompted Ghulam Ahmad Alladiya Khan to develop an adjusted singing style to accommodate Ghulam Ahmad Alladiya Khan ailment .
Signature and specialty Raags of this Gharana include Sampoorna Malkauns , Basanti Kedar , Basant Bahar , Bihagda , Kaushi Kanada , and Nat Kamod among others .
 Four major Gharanas are recognized in Hindustani Classical Khayal music : Gwalior , Agra , Kirana and Jaipur-Atrauli .
Others are less pervasive , but no less enchanting , such as Indore , Rampur , Mewati , Patiala , and Bhendi-Bazar .
 The Jaipur-Atrauli gharana acquired its name and status as a Gharana from the time of Alladiya Khan in the early half of the 20th century .
 This Gharana mainly evolved from Dagar-bani of Dhrupad , however Dagar-bani of Dhrupad also absorbed finer essence of Gauhar-bani and Khandar-bani .
 The ancestral origin of the Jaipur-Atrauli Gharana was said to be from Nath Vishwambhar , noted for setting to the Raags the tunes of the shlokas in Nath Vishwambhar puja .
The great musician composer Swami Haridas was also born in this family and the great Tansen and Baiju were his pupils .
 Natthu Khan and Mantol Khan were two stalwarts of this Gharana , Four to five generations down the line .
 Natthu Khan and Mantol Khan imbibed the practices of both Hindu and Muslim traditions .
 Alladiya Khan , for instance , wore the Janva all Ghulam Ahmad Alladiya Khan life , dressed like a Maharashtrian , complete with the Kolhapuri turban , yet did not skip a day of Ghulam Ahmad Alladiya Khan Namaaz .
 Ghulam Ahmad Alladiya Khan compositions praise Mahadev and Allah with equal fervor .
 Many of the the Raags and His compositions sung in the Jaipur Gayaki gharana come from the tradition of Haveli Sangeet , like the compositions Deva Deva Satsang in Raag Savani Kalyan , Aadidata Ant in Raag Malkauns , Anahat Aadi Naad in Raag Savani Nat , Devta Aadi Sab in Raag Kukubh Bilawal , Devi Durge in Raag Sukhiya Bilawal , and a host of others in which Hindu devotional themes were used by Utd .
Alladiya Khan .
 Scholars say the hyphenated moniker of this Gharana recognizes that Jaipur-Atrauli Gharana musicians originally came from Atrauli near Aligarh and migrated to the court of the Maharaja of Jaipur Gayaki , Jaipur-Atrauli Gharana musicians principal patron .
 Others say Others came to the Jaipur Maharajas court and then dispersed to various other courts in the area , like Jodhpur , Uniyara , Bundi , Atrauli etc. .
After establishing himself in the north , Utd .
 Alladiya Khan migrated to the court of Shahu Maharaj in Kolhapuri and became Ghulam Ahmad Alladiya Khan court musician .
Utd .
 Ghulam Ahmad Alladiya Khan was initiated into music by Ghulam Ahmad Alladiya Khan father , Khwaja Ahmad Khan and Ghulam Ahmad Alladiya Khan uncle , Jehangir Khan in both the Dhrupad and the Jaipur-Atrauli Gharana styles .
 Ghulam Ahmad Alladiya Khan also had the privilege of being guided by two famous composers of the time , Ramzan Khan Rangeele and Mehboob Khan Darasapiya .
 The young Alladiya Khan was closely associated with Wazir Khan binkar at Indore and Bombay .
 The Meend of Ghulam Ahmad Alladiya Khan gayaki can be traced to this influence .
Today , only the Khayal tradition remains .
 The Meend of his gayaki was known to have been greatly influenced by Utd .
Mubarak Khans style that blended the Swar and Taal aspects of khayal singing for the first time .
 Most gharanas apply notes in simple succession in aalap and taan , whereas in the Jaipur Gayaki gayaki , notes are applied in an oblique manner with filigree involving immediately neighboring notes .
Instead of the flat taan , gamak makes the taan spiral into seemingly never-ending cycles .
Meend in aalap and gamak in taan are the hallmark of this gayaki .
 To his immense credit , the great exponent of Kirana gharana , Bhimsen Joshi is one of the very few singers outside the Jaipur Gayaki gharana , who has adopted the gamak taan to an extent , complete with long , uninterrupted patterns clearly showing an amazing breath capacity much like the old masters of Jaipur Gayaki gharana , but he has not quite achieved the intricacy and grace of gamak that is the signature of Jaipur Gayaki .
Sharp edged harkats and murkis are relatively uncommon .
Not only are the notes sung in rhythm with the taal but progress between the matras is in fractions of quarters and one-eighths .
While being mindful of so many factors , musicians of this gharana still have a graceful way of arriving at the Sam without having matras to spare !
This is particularly evident in the way bol-alaap or bol-taan is sung , where meticulous attention is given to the short and long vowels in the words of the bandish that are being pronounced , and the strict discipline of avoiding unnatural breaks in the words and in the meaning of the lyrics .
No other gharana has paid so much attention to the esthetics and laykaari in singing bol-alaaps and bol-taans .
 A highlight of Jaipur Gayaki gayaki is the mastery over Jod Raags .
Singers from other Gharanas tend to sing one Raag in Aaroh and the other in Avaroh .
Some others sing one Raag in the lower half of the octave and then switch to the other Raag in the upper half .
 Alternatively , Some others may sing alternate phrases of the two component Raags .
 In Jaipur Gayaki , there is such perfect fusion of the two raags that Jaipur Gayaki sounds like a homogeneous Raag in Jaipur Gayaki own right , giving the feel of both component raags , not as a heterogeneous mixture cobbled together .
The listener hears an amalgam of both raags without losing their distinctive identity .
 Alladiya Khan introduced many lesser-known or obscure raags in Ghulam Ahmad Alladiya Khan repertoire like Raag Basanti Kedar , Raag Jait Kalyan , Raag Kafi Kanada , Raisa Kanada , Raag Basanti Kanada , Raag Savani Nat , Raag Savani Kalyan , Raag Bhoop Nat , Raag Nat Kamod , Raag Bihari , Raag Khat , Raag Khokar , Raag Sampoorna Malkauns , and many others .
Trying to imbibe all these characteristics without losing the aesthetics is a tall order for any musician .
 Hence this Gayaki is called a thinking listeners or connoisseurs Jaipur Gayaki .
 However , Jaipur Gayaki gives equal pleasure to the uninitiated listener who may not understand the technical intricacies , but responds to the layakari and the melodic content of the presentation .
The Gharana purity of the Jaipur-Atrauli Gharana has been an avid discussion topic among connoisseurs and scholars alike , as a result of Utd .
Alladiya Khan purposefully teaching students to approach the same musical content differently , causing internal quarrels within the Gharana itself , as well .
For instance , the approach to certain Raags conflict between branches of the Gharana , as certain elements of a Raag are neglected , emphasized , de-emphasized or treated differently .
 As a result , Scholars feel the purity of the Jaipur-Atrauli Gharana can be traced from Utd .
 Alladiya Khan to a Raag brother Utd .
 Haider Ali Khan , to Haider Ali Khan sons Utd .
Manji Khan and Utd .
 Bhurji Khan and Bhurji Khan grandson Ut Azizuddin Khan , as well as Utd .
Gulubhai Jasdanwalla , the only purist outside of the Utd .
Alladiya Khan family
 Riwaayat earlier Riwaayat is a classical music event which sticks to the classical form of rendition .
The group belongs to Maihar gharana .
The event features fine artistes who still practice the traditional way of rendering music .
Riwaayat meaning Tradition in Urdu , started in 2010 in Hyderabad at Hyderabad Central University , S.N.School of Performing Arts & Communication .
 The event was held on the 9 and 10 December 2011 at Vidyaranya High School , Hyderabad
Emily Robison is an American songwriter , singer , multi-instrumentalist , and a founding member of the female country band the Dixie Chicks .
 Emily Robison plays banjo , dobro , guitar , bass , mandolin , accordion , and sitar .
 Initially in Emily Robison career with the Dixie Chicks , Emily Robison limited Emily Robison singing to harmony with backing vocals , but within Emily Robison role in the Court Yard Hounds , Emily Robison has taken on the role of lead vocalist .
Emily Erwin was born in Pittsfield , Massachusetts .
 Parents Paul Erwin and Barbara Trask moved the family to the northern suburban town of Addison , Texas on the edge of Dallas , where Barbara Trask was raised with Barbara Trask two older sisters , Julia and Martha .
 Barbara Trask parents were both educators and nurtured the growing interest that both Emily Erwin and Martha shared , and together both sisters became proficient on several instruments while in elementary school .
 Emily Erwin began playing the violin at age seven , and the banjo at age ten , afterward learning all the string instruments Emily Erwin could find .
 Years later , her sister Martie joked that Emily Erwin was better than Emily Erwin at the fiddle , and because Emily Erwin wanted to keep the fiddle as Emily Erwin instrument , her sister Martie forced Emily Erwin to learn something else .
 Emily Erwin responded by mastering the five string banjo , by reading books to teach Emily Erwin the chord progressions .
From 1984-1989 , Jane Frost , , remembers watching the sisters mature , teaming up with schoolmates Troy and Sharon Gilchrist .
 The foursome were touring in a teenage bluegrass group The foursome named the Blue Night Express , in part because of the amount of travelling The foursome had to do to reach far away festivals , frequently with a parent or friend of the family towing The foursome back home long after dark at night .
 The foursome thought it was worth the sacrifices to meet The foursome musical heroes and experienced the friendly camaraderie and tricks of the trade on instruments from others .
The sisters were said to have an almost obsessive interest in busking at small venues and attending bluegrass festivals .
 After her sister Martie graduated from secondary school at Greenhill School with Emily Erwin still completing Emily Erwin studies , both remained active in the bluegrass scene .
 In 1989 , after years of attending bluegrass festivals and busking where they could , Emily Erwin joined Emily Erwin sister her sister Martie , guitarist Robin Lynn Macy , and upright bass player Laura Lynch .
 Jane Frost , again , recalls being privy to the discussion that the four women had about the possibility of a successful career as musicians together .
 her sister Martie felt they could do well .
 Robin Lynn Macy said , .

 Its going to be a hot band , to which Emily Erwin responded , I give it six months , and if we arent making money by then , Im out of here !

 Emily Robison was shy , and the youngest member of the group .
 Emily Robison had enjoyed playing throughout school , but was at an age where Emily Robison was already entertaining thoughts of working hard to be accepted by the United States Air Force Academy .
By 1993 , the band had evolved into a new direction .
 Robin Lynn Macy left the group for a purer bluegrass sound .
 upright bass player Laura Lynch , thrust into the position of sole lead singer , was replaced by the sisters in 1995 with singer composer Natalie Maines after the group was unable to garner anything more than local interest .
 Emily Robison commented , We were prepared to pay We dues for as long as it took ; We were prepared for longevity .
 We know that We will always be playing music together , so We wanted to find someone who is just as determined and energetic as We are .
 But in later interviews , the sisters revealed what many had thought for a long time : the reason upright bass player Laura Lynch was replaced was not commitment but a perceived lack of talent .
 In an article in the April/May edition of Country Music Magazine , Emily Erwin stated , We felt We needed the next calibre of singer .
From there , massive commercial success ensued , with their 1998 and 1999 albums Wide Open Spaces and Fly both achieving diamond record status .
 Emily Robison was a key element of the groups look , with Emily Robison hair dyed blond to match the other two at first , and then allowing it to return to Emily Robison natural brunette color , and distinguishing Emily Robison visually from the other two .
 Emily Robison and Maguires instrumental virtuosity set the Chicks apart from many other country acts , male and female .
 Emily Robison songwriting has also been a factor in the Chicks recording career .
 Emily Robison stood by singer composer Natalie Maines when the controversy over singer composer Natalie Maines remarks about U.S. President George W. Bush hit the newswire on the eve before the Iraq War in 2003 .
 Emily Robison was the only bandmate to realize that , while in the U.K. , there was a big anti-war sentiment in the audience , but that back in the United States , singer composer Natalie Maines criticism of President Bush would not be well received .
 Nevertheless , even when Emily Robison home was trashed , and plenty of editorials were predicting the end of the Dixie Chicks successful careers in music , Emily Robison remained loyal to singer composer Natalie Maines , as did Emily Robison sister .
 Emily Robison spent at least half of her life busking and touring nearly non-stop since high school , first with Emily Robison older sister , and then with the changing lineups of the Dixie Chicks .
 After the bandmates celebrated their five Grammy Awards for Taking the Long Way , the trio all had young children and took time out to spend with them , but Emily Robison was eager to return to writing and touring .
 When Emily Robison marriage came to an end , Emily Robison began expressing Emily Robison by songwriting .
 Some of Emily Robison compositions include Some of her compositions feelings about the breakup with Some of her compositions former husband , and expected that soon , the band would resume its former schedule of writing and performing , but Natalie Maines was reluctant to do so .
 After four years , Emily Robison became angry and frustrated , and in sending Emily Robison new songs to Emily Robison sister , conveyed Emily Robison increasing disappointment .
 With Natalie Maines taking a break from music , Rolling Stone magazine announced in January 2010 that Emily Erwin and sister Martie have formed a side project called the Court Yard Hounds , with Emily Robison as lead vocalist .
The band made their live debut in March at South by Southwest with an album released in May , 2010 .
 Emily Robison wrote all but one of the songs on their album .
 On May 1 , 1999 , Emily Erwin married country singer Charlie Robison .
 her sister Martie later revealed on a VH-1 program that during their courtship , her sister Martie had written the romantic hit song , Cowboy Take I Away for them .
The Robisons have three children : Charles Augustus , called Gus , born November 11 , 2002 and twins Julianna Tex and Henry Benjamin born on April 14 , 2005 .
 Emily Erwin and Charlie divorced on August 6 , 2008 after nine years of marriage .
 Emily Robison and Emily Robison then-boyfriend , Martin Strayer , have a daughter , Violet Isabel Strayer , born on September 4 , 2012 .
 Emily Robison and Martin Strayer are now married
 Chhote Rahimat Khan , is a Hindustani classical sitar player of the Bande Ali Khan Gharana , taught by Ustad Chhote Rahimat Khan father , Abdul Karim Khan , and grandfather , Ratna Rahimat Khan , as well as Ustad Chhote Rahimat Khan older brothers .
 Belonging to the seventh generation of musicians from AIR Dharwad , Gwalior , Ustad Chhote Rahimat Khan received the majority of Ustad Chhote Rahimat Khan training from Ustad Chhote Rahimat Khan father , Ustad Abdul Karim Khan , although Ustad Chhote Rahimat Khan has also benefited from the influence of Ustad Chhote Rahimat Khan legendary grandfather , Sitar Ratna Rahimat Khan .
 Ratna Rahimat Khan , a disciple of the great master , Ustad Bande Ali Khan , was a rudra vina and sitar player who was responsible not only for modifiying the three-string sitar to the seven-string instrument that we have today , but also for reunifying the instrumental khyal of the Gwalior gharana with the instrumental dhrupad of Gwalior .
 It is this inimitable legacy that gives Sitar Ratna Rahimat Khan music a unique and distinctive colour , rarely experienced in modern music circles .
 Sitar Ratna Rahimat Khan music is a sonorous blend of both Gayaki Ang , which aims to imitate the tonal nuance of the human voice on the instrument , and Tantakari Ang , the more traditional instrumental style played on the instrument .
 Sitar Ratna Rahimat Khan secured second prize in the All India Radio Music Competition held in AIR Dharwad in 1978 , at the age of 19 , and also won the first award in the preliminary and final round of the Yuva Sangeet Nrithya Mahotsav organized by the South Central Zone Cultural Centre at Nagpur on 6 October 1987 .
 Sitar Ratna Rahimat Khan is a regular artist on AIR Dharwad and AIR Panaji , Goa .
 Sitar Ratna Rahimat Khan is also a music director .
 Sitar Ratna Rahimat Khan scored music to Vadhachakra , the first Marathi film of Goa , in 1992 , and also to Tulsi , a Konkani Tele Film , in 1994 .
 Sitar Ratna Rahimat Khan has also scored live music for one of Kalidasa 's plays , Abhidnyan Shakuntal , staged by Prof. Kamalakar Sonatakke , on 16 and 17 December 2005 .
Ustad Chhote Rahimat Khan has been the Head of the Sitar Faculty at Kala Academy in Goa for several years now , and has also given public performances in numerous festivals in Asia and in Europe .
 Besides many concerts in India , Ustad Chhote Rahimat Khan has performed in the UK , Portugal , China , France , Finland , Malaysia and Singapore
Alhaiya Bilaval is a Hindustani classical raga .
 a Hindustani classical raga the most commonly performed raga of the large Shuddha Bilawal group , which mainly includes ragas based on the western major scale .
 It is often simply referred to as Shuddha Bilawal , although in the 17th century Alhaiya Bilaval and Shuddha Bilawal may have been separate ragas .
Writing about the musical theory of Indian classical music is fraught with complications .
First of all , there have been no set , formal methods of written notation .
Indian music is an aural tradition , and therefore writing is not an essential part of attaining talim .
 Related ragas : Shuddha Bilawal , Shuddha Bilawal , Devgiri Bilawal , Shukla Bilawal , Kakubh Bilawal .
Behavior refers to practical aspects of the music .
 It is complicated to talk about this for Hindustani music since many of the concepts are fluid , changing , or archaic .
 The following information can not be accurate , but The following information can attempt to reflect how the music existed .
Bor , Joep .
Rao , Suvarnalata ; der Meer , Wim van ; Harvey , Jane The Raga Guide : A Survey of 74 Hindustani Ragas .
Zenith Media , London : 1999
Anuradha Pal is a world-renowned , multifaceted tabla virtuoso , multi-percussionist and music composer who has been hailed as the first professional female tabla player by the Encyclopaedia Britannica , Who 's Who Journal of the World and the Limca Book of Records .
 A disciple of tabla legends Late Ustad Alla Rakha and Zakir Hussain , Anuradha Pal is the youngest and only female Indian musician to have performed at the prestigious Woodstock Festival in 2008 ; where Anuradha Pal performed with Anuradha Pal acclaimed world music band Recharge , for an audience of 4 lakh people .
Pal has performed extensively at some of the most prestigious music festivals in the world , like Woodstock , WOMAD , Voices of the World , Night of the Virtuosos , Rhythm Sticks Festival and Masters of Indian Music Festival ; amongst numerous others in the US , UK , Europe , Japan , Brazil , Australia , New Zealand , Africa , Singapore , Hong Kong and the Far East .
She became the first and the youngest woman Indian musician to perform at the WOMAD Festival in 1999 , where she presented her band Stree Shakti - Asia 's first and much acclaimed all-female , percussion based vocal-instrumental ensemble , for 1.5 lakh fans .
She has performed sensational tabla solos and has accompanied some of the best musicians of India such as Pt .
Jasraj , Pt .
 Shivkumar Sharma , Pt .
Hariprasad Chaurasia , Ustad Zakir Hussain , Smt .
 Girija Devi , Ustad Amjad Ali Khan , Ustad Sultan Khan , Ustad Shahid Parvez , Pt .
Vishwa Mohan Bhatt ; younger musicians like Rahul Sharma , Niladri Kumar , Rakesh Chaurasia , as well as , acclaimed jazz , Latin and African musicians in major Indian and international festivals .
 Girija Devi has also performed with renowned international musicians .
 Recently , Girija Devi performed at the Global Fusion Concert in Dubai with the classical crossover string quartet Bond , jazz drummer Sherrie Maricle , saxophonist Sharel Cassity , flamenco dancer Concepcion Jareno and guitarist Antonia Jimenez ; and ney artist Burcu Karadag .
 Anuradha Pal composed the background score for M.F. Husain 's film ; Gaja Gamini ; which was highly appreciated at the Cannes Film Festival for M.F. Husain 's film ; Gaja Gamini ; originality and evocativeness .
 Anuradha Pal has also composed music for short films , documentaries , theatre and other commissioned work and events .
 Anuradha Pal was invited as an artist-in-residence , at the New England Conservatory and Berkeley School of Music .
 Anuradha Pal contributed actively in the research of the `` Relationship between Brain , Music & Language '' at Neurosciences University , San Diego and the ` Study of Tabla , Aesthetics & Complexities ' at the Harvard Science Center .
 BBC Radio World Service Program featured Anuradha Pal as one of the Five Prominent Women Musicians of India in 1991 and as one of the World 's youth Icons & trendsetters in 2008 .
 Doordarshan National Archives featured Anuradha Pal in a film titled Woman of Substance in 2006 .
 Times Now channel featured Anuradha Pal in a documentary titled All About Anuradha Pal in 2004 .
Adventure Divas by the American Public Broadcasting Service made a film featuring Anuradha Pal as one of the great women achievers of India and the World in 2001 .
Films Division of India featured her in the documentary titled Aaj ki Nari in 1999
Shruti Sadolikar Katkar is an Indian classical singer of the khyal style in the Jaipur-Atrauli gharana .
 Shruti Sadolikar Katkar is a recipient of the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award for Hindustani vocal music for 2011 .
 Wamanrao Sadolikar was born 1951 into a family from Kolhapur which was known for its musical tradition and owning sugar mills .
She received training in Indian classical music from childhood .
 Her initial training was given by her father , Wamanrao Sadolikar , who was taught by the founder of the Jaipur-Atrauli gharana , Alladiya Khan , and Alladiya Khan son Bhurji Khan .
 Following her studies with her father , Wamanrao Sadolikar learnt music for twelve years from Gulubhai Jasdanwala , who was known for Wamanrao Sadolikar large collection of raga compositions , including compositions in rare ragas .
 Wamanrao Sadolikar earned a masters degree from SNDT Womens University in Mumbai and wrote a thesis on Haveli Sangeet , a type of temple music .
 Wamanrao Sadolikar performs all forms of Indian classical and semi-classical music , including thumri , tappa , and natya sangeet , and has performed in India , Canada , the United States , France , Switzerland , Germany , and the West Asian countries .
She had several musical and educational recordings published and holds the Homi Bhabha Fellowship of the National Centre for the Performing Arts .
 In 1999 , Wamanrao Sadolikar produced a play named Sangeet Tulsidas for which she set the music , and she performed for SPIC MACAY to interest young Indians in Indian classical music .
 Wamanrao Sadolikar has regularly performed playback for Indian movies .
 She had Shruti Sadolikar Katkar added to Shruti Sadolikar Katkar name after marriage and is a student of Azizuddin Khan , son of Burji Khan .
 Wamanrao Sadolikar works as Vice Chancellor of the Bhatkhande Music Institute University in Lucknow , Uttar Pradesh
Zia Mohiuddin Dagar , popularly known as Z. M. Dagar , was a North Indian classical musician , one of the 19th generation of Dagar family dhrupad musicians .
 Zia Mohiuddin Dagar was largely responsible for the revival of the rudra vina as a solo concert instrument .
 Z. M. Dagar was born in the town of Udaipur , Rajasthan and began musical study with Z. M. Dagar father , Ustad Ziauddin Khan Dagar , court musician for the Maharana of Udaipur .
 Z. M. Dagar was trained both in vocals and in the rudra veena , an instrument used by vocalists to practice melodies .
 The veena was traditionally not played in public , but the young Zia Mohiuddin adopted it as the young Zia Mohiuddin primary instrument , giving the young Zia Mohiuddin first recital at age 16 .
 Although the young Zia Mohiuddin was discouraged by the young Zia Mohiuddin father from experimenting with the structure of the veena , the young Zia Mohiuddin nevertheless modified the instrument after the young Zia Mohiuddin fathers death to better equip it for solo performance , transforming it into a larger bass instrument : With the help of the instrument house Kanailal & Brother , the young Zia Mohiuddin enlarged the tumbas and dhandhi to create greater resonance and to allow the notes to sustain longer and so better reproduce the techniques used in dhrupad singing .
 Because of these modifications , the instrument was too heavy to be held in the standard Northern posture , so the young Zia Mohiuddin played instead in the Southern posture , with one tumba on the ground and one on the left knee .
After India gained independence the princely states were abolished .
 The Dagar family lost the patronage of the court of Udaipur , and had to seek employment elsewhere .
Finally they arrived in Mumbai .
For 25 years they had to make ends meet by working in garages , selling bread , and rarely , playing instruments for movie scores .
They did not have a tanpura , sitar , or veena , let alone a house .
There was much cynicism about dhrupad , as his son Bahauddin Mohiuddin Dagar recounted in an interview .
Dhrupad ?
Wholl listen ?
Rudra veena ?
Play something else .
Long alaaps ?
So boring !

 Z. M. Dagar was known particularly for Z. M. Dagar slow development of ragas , typically performed only with tanpura accompaniment , and for Z. M. Dagar meticulous attention to microtonal inflections .
 Z. M. Dagar was very active in the West , associating Z. M. Dagar with the American Society for Eastern Arts in Berkeley , California and with Wesleyan University , Rotterdam Music Conservatory , and the University of Washington , Seattle , where Z. M. Dagar was a visiting professor .
In 1990 , Ustad ji was awarded the Kalidas Samman , one of Indias most prestigious awards , by the Madhya Pradesh government .
 He also received the Sangeet Natak Academi Award , the Rajasthan Sangeet Natak Academi award , and the Maharana Kumbha award , to name a few .
 His younger brother , Ustad Zia Fariddudin Dagar , is a vocalist and teacher , and Ustad Zia Fariddudin Dagar son , Bahauddin Mohiuddin Dagar , is a vina player .
The concept of making a Gurukul was entirely Ustad Zia Mohiuddin Dagars .
 the Gurukul envisioned a place where the Gurukul would sit with the Gurukul disciple and .
impart training in the Guru Shishya Parampara a method in which a few selected students study under one roof whilst staying with the guru .
 Ustad sahib put at least twenty years of Ustad sahib time and effort to give shape to this idea on Ustad sahib own and thus , the Gurukul came into being in 1982 at Palaspa - a village near Panvel - Mumbai
Sanjeev Chimmalgi is an Indian Hindustani vocalist .
 Sanjeev Chimmalgi is a disciple of the revered guru , Pandit C. R. Vyas .
 Sanjeev Chimmalgi music reflects the voice culture of Kirana gharana as well as the bandish oriented singing of the Gwalior gharana / Agra gharana .
Sanjeev Chimmalgi was born in Mumbai to M.V. Chimmalgi , in a family hailing from Dharwad , Karnataka .
 Sanjeev Chimmalgi grandfather , Chimmalgi Master , was a noted tabla player .
 Chimmalgi Master is professionally trained as a Computer engineer .
 Sanjeev Chimmalgi had Sanjeev Chimmalgi initial training from Pandit Madhava Gudi .
 Later Sanjeev Chimmalgi came under the tutelage of late Pandit C R Vyas .
 Sanjeev Chimmalgi is also receiving training in Carnatic music under T.R. Balamani and Balachandran in Mumbai and in Konnakol ' under Mridangam exponent T. S. Nandakumar .
 Sanjeev Chimmalgi has performed at several venues in Mumbai , Pune , Indore , Kolkata , Miraj , Nagpur , etc
Bhajan Sopori is an Indian instrumentalist .
 Soporis son Abhay Rustum Sopori is a player of santoor , an ancient stringed musical instrument .
 Soporis son Abhay Rustum Sopori hails from Sopore in Kashmir Valley and traces Soporis son Abhay Rustum Sopori lineage to ancient Santoor experts .
 Soporis son Abhay Rustum Sopori belongs to the Sufiana gharana of Indian classical music .
 Soporis son Abhay Rustum Sopori family has played santoor for over six generations .
 His family first public performance was at a conference organised by Prayag Sangeet Samiti & the University of Allahabad when His family was 10 years old .
Soporis son Abhay Rustum Sopori is also a santoor player .
Both father and son have given several performances together .
Pandit Bhajan Sopori has taught music at Washington University , US .
 Soporis son Abhay Rustum Sopori performances have been broadcast in India and seen by both cultural associations there and by audiences in countries such as Belgium , Egypt , England , Germany , Norway , Syria and the USA .
 Pandit Sopori , considered as the cultural link between the Jammu and Sopore in Kashmir Valley and rest of India , also runs a music academy called SaMaPa , which is actively involved in promoting Indian classical music .
SaMaPa is involved in promoting music with jail inmates , with the objective of using music for healing the prisoners and creating an emotional bond between the society & the prisoners .
The academy has trained several musicians and revived old instruments .
It was presented the state government dogri award in 2011 .
 Soporis son Abhay Rustum Sopori was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 1993 and the Padma Shri in 2004 .
 In 2009 Soporis son Abhay Rustum Sopori was honoured with the Baba Allaudin Khan Award .
 Soporis son Abhay Rustum Sopori was also awarded the M N Mathur award in 2011 for Soporis son Abhay Rustum Sopori contribution to Indian classical music .
 Soporis son Abhay Rustum Sopori other awards include the the Jammu and Sopore in Kashmir Valley State Award , the National Flag Honour of the Arab Republic of Egypt , Delhi Ratna Award , Delhi Telugu Academy Award , Beenkar Samman , Sangeet Vibhuti Award and Sangeet Ratna Award
Hori is a genre of semi-classical singing , popular in Uttar Pradesh and Bihar .
It can be adorned with a Bhairavi , Thumri etc. .
 It comes in the series of season songs , like Chaiti , Sawani and Kajari , and is traditionally sung in the villages and towns of Uttar Pradesh : around Banaras , Mirzapur , Mathura , Allahabad and the Bhojpur regions of Bihar
Satyaki Banerjee is an Indian Bengali composer .
 Satyaki Banerjee is a part of an Anglo-Bengali band with members in Kolkata and London .
 Satyaki Banerjee plays instruments like Dotara and sarod give Satyaki Banerjee performance on both classical and folk .
 Satyaki Banerjee studied the sarod with the late Pandit Dipak Chowdhury and now trains under Pandit Tejendra Narayan Majumdar .
 Satyaki Banerjee picked up the dotara in the company of practising folk musicians , in akhras and melas and in him the classical and folk meld to evolve into a unique style of playing .
 Satyaki Banerjee is also a self-taught oud and rebab player , besides being a magnificent singer of mostly Indian Bengali mystical poetry , in the baul and kirtan traditions .
 Satyaki Banerjee is a historian by training and takes serious academic interest in the music Satyaki Banerjee practices .
 Satyaki Banerjee has been part of Parapar since 2005 , but Satyaki Banerjee has also performed independently with Mousumi Bhowmik in concerts at home and abroad , including in New York , London , Leeds , Dhaka and Chittagong
Sangeetha Katti popularly known as Sangeetha Katti is a Hindustani classical vocalist in India .
 Smt Bharati Katti was recently awarded the prestigious Suvarna Karnataka Rajyotsava award , 2006-07 by the Karnataka State Government .
 Sangeeta Katti was born in Dharwad , an abode of Music , Karnataka .
 Smt Bharati Katti is a daughter of Dr. H .
A .
 Smt Bharati Katti and Smt Bharati Katti , Sangeeta Katti was born in Dharwad , an abode of Music , an abode of Music , significantly on the Saraswati pooja day of Dasara as a child prodigy in music , on 7 October 1970 .
Sangeeta Katti has a rich performance experience in Hindustani Vocal as well as Bhajans , Vachanas , Dasavani , Abhangs , Bhavageet , Folk Music and Playback singing .
Sangeeta Katti is a distinct student in Chemistry Graduation and well versed in several languages like Kannada , Hindi , English , Marathi etc. .
 Sangeeta Katti has bagged several meritorious awards for Smt Bharati Katti melodious compositions and albums .
Leading recording companies like Master Rec .
Co. , Chennai , HMV , Lahari Rec .
 Co and Sangeet Sagar etc.have released a good number of Audio Cassettes and CDs of Smt Bharati Katti .
Sangeeta Katti has the privilege of having worked with the leading Music directors like Upendra Kumar , M.Ranga Rao , Vijay-Bhaskar , MM Keerawani , C Ashwath , Hamsalekha and Others and sung with leading maestros of India like Dr. M Balamurali Krishna , Dr.S.P.Balasubramanyam , Dr. K.J. Yesudas , Dr. Rajkumar , Dr. P.B Srinivas and others .
 Smt Bharati Katti is a A grade artist in Classical and Light Music both on AIR and Television , as a rich experience of singing 9 different languages .
 Having successfully toured abroad , all over Upendra Kumar , USA , Australia , New Zealand , Gulf and Canada , Smt Bharati Katti is the most popular figure there too .
 Sangeeta Katti is residing in Bangalore , India with Smt Bharati Katti husband Sri .
 Manmohan Kulkarni and Smt Bharati Katti two kids Chi .
Savani Kulkarni and Chi .
Ninad Kulkarni , musing on music .
Born into a family of musicians , Sangeetha Katti received initial lessons from her father.At the age of 4 , she met Naushad Ali which she considered a turning point in her life .
Naushad Ali asked her to sing some ragas and was impressed by the child prodigy and since then she became his student .
 Trained initially under Sri Sheshagiri Dandapur and Padmabhushan Pt .
Chanderashekhar Puranikmath , Sangeeta received advanced training in classical vocals from Padmabhushan Pt .
Basavaraj Rajguru of Kirana & Gwalior Gharana for about 12 years .
 Chanderashekhar Puranikmath , Sangeeta is presently under the tutelage of Padmavibushana Gana Sarswati Smt Kishori Amonkar of the Jaipur-Atrauli Gharana .
 Sangeetha to date has over 2500 concerts to Sangeetha to date credit , Sangeetha to date very first performance being at the age of 4 .
 Sangeetha to date has also performed in the United States , Upendra Kumar , and Canada .
 Sangeetha to date is a regular feature in most of the important music festivals in India .
 Sangeetha to date was a teaching faculty in Hindustani Vocal music at Bharathiya Vidya Bhavan , Bengaluru .
 Sangeetha to date has won numerous awards .
The list follows
Ustad Akhtar Sadmani was a Indian classical vocalist .
Akhtar Sadmani was born in Dhaka , but was brought up in Calcutta .
 It was Ustad Akhtar Sadmani father who introduced Ustad Akhtar Sadmani to music .
At the age of ten , he received initial training from Bobby Daniel , a student of Zamiruddin Khan .
In 1955 , Bobby Daniel took him to the renowned musician Omar Khan , who continued his training .
In 1957 , Omar Khan personally introduced Akhtar Sadmani to Amir Khan .
Since then he received training and advice from Amir Khan as well .
He also received Khyal training from Amanat Ali , Fateh Ali , Manjur Hossain Khan and Foyez Mohammad , and Dhrupad training from Zahiruddin Dagar and Faiyazuddin Dagar .
 In 1961 , Akhtar Sadmani returned to Radio Bangladesh and joined Radio Pakistan a year later as an artist .
 Ustad Akhtar Sadmani became a Music Director in Radio Bangladesh in 1966 .
 In 1980 Ustad Akhtar Sadmani established the `` Sur Rang Academy of Classical Music '' .
 The academy was the first of its kind in Radio Bangladesh , solely devoted to Indian classical music .
Akhtar Sadmani suffered a severe heart-attack and died on 30 December 2003
Raga Bhoopeshwari is a rare Hindustani Classical Raga .
The Raga in not one of the traditional ragas of Hindustani Classical Music being sung for the past few centuries .
It has been developed within the last few decades .
The birth of this raga is something that eluded most people for a while .
It was believed that the raga was created by Ustad Alladiya Khan of the Jaipur-Atrauli Gharana .
However the time frame of Ustadjis lifetime and the ragas emergence do not match .
It is now however certain , that the raga was created by Pt .
Mani Prasad of the Kirana Gharana .
Apart from who created the raga , a major issue that arises is , how was it created ?
Being an audav raga , Raga Bhoopeshwari leads to a lot of ambiguity .
 Since the remaining notes/swars are unknown , it is quite difficult to determine the parent raga or scale of Raga Bhoopeshwari .
The raga does not fit into any of Bhatkhande s thats and so its origin is uncertain .
A similar problem persists in Carnatic Music as well .
 People associate A similar problem with the Melakarta Chakravam , Melakart Mararanjani , Melakarta Charukesi and even Melakarta Sarasangi , but no one is absolutely certain .
 Another matter of concern with the raga is Another matter of concern with the raga name .
The name Bhoopeshwari had an obvious inspiration from Raga Bhopali .
However , the raga has various names across India .
Pt .
Hariprasad Chaurasia , the legendary flutist , prefers the name Raga Bhoopkali , while most of the Jaipur-Atrauli Gharana musicians use Raga Prateeksha .
Other variations such as Bhoopeshri , Bhoopshri etc. are also present .
In Carnatic Music , the raga is called Raga Vaasanthi .
 Despite Carnatic Music complex origin and nomenclature , the raga isnt a very difficult one to sing .
 Carnatic Music has the same notes as Raga Bhopali / Deshkar , but instead of the shuddha Dha , uses a komal Dha .
The Raga is a morning raga .
Its designated time is the second prahar of the morning , from 6-9 a.m. Possibly due to its recent creation , the raga has not been performed very widely .
However , it has started being used in film music , light classcial music and ghazals .
Some of the most notable performances of Raga Bhoopeshwari are :
Ramashreya Jha was a distinguished composer , musician , scholar and teacher of Hindustani Classical music .
 Ramashreya Jha was the Head of the Department of Music in Allahabad University from 1980 to 1989 .
 Ramashreya Jha was known for Ramashreya Jha deep knowledge , creative genius and Ramashreya Jha gifts as a teacher .
 Ramashreya Jha five-volume anthology Abhinava Geetanjali ranks high among the most influential works in Hindustani music .
It contains critical analysis of ragas supplemented by numerous traditional and self-conceived compositions .
 Ramashreya Jha is popularly known to musicians , students and music lovers around India by Ramashreya Jha nom de plume ` Ramrang .
 Ramashreya Jha name is also spelled Ram Ashray Jha .
Among the first to notice Jha-sahabs magnificent compositions and parlay them was the famous maestro , the late Jitendra Abhisheki , who sang and taught Ramrangs many compositions .
 In 1968 , Jha-sahabs was appointed to the faculty of Allahabad University and later in 1980 promoted to the position of Head of the Music Department .
 This move by the University was in recognition of genuine merit because Ramrang held no formal college degrees .
 Ramrang retired from Ramrang active professorial duties in 1989 .
 In 2005 , Ramrang received the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award from Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy for Music , Dance and Drama .
 Ramrang died January 1 , 2009 , in Kolkata , India , due to complications following heart surgery .
 Among Ramrang well-known disciples are Kamla Bose , Shubha Mudgal and Geeta Banerjee
Smt .
Lalith J. Rao is an Indian classical singer and a representative of the Agra gharana .
 Lalith J. Rao introduction to Hindustani classical music was at the age of three , at a concert by the Agra Gharana vocalist Faiyaz Khan .
 Hindustani started learning music from Rama Rao Naik , who initiated Rama Rao Naik into the Agra gharana style of singing .
Raos first public concert was at the Bangalore Sangeet Sabha at the age of 12 .
 When Raos first public concert was 14 , Raos first public concert won the All India Classical Music competition in Mumbai and became the youngest participant of the Swami Haridas Sangeet Sammelan the same year , and was well received .
 Lalith J. Rao completed Raos first public concert Bachelors and Masters in Electrical Communication Engineering , the latter from the University of New Brunswick .
 In 1967 , Raos first public concert married Jayavanth Rao and moved to Delhi to work .
 Raos first public concert husband convinced Lalith J. Rao to abandon Raos first public concert engineering career and pursue singing , and Raos first public concert received training from Dinkar Kaikini and later from Khadim Hussain Khan .
 Lalith J. Rao went back to the Sur Singar Sansad to restart Raos first public concert performance career and became a professional singer after a positive reception .
 Raos first public concert is as adept at singing khyal , dhrupad , dhamar , as well as thumri , tarana and hori .
 Under the guidance of Raos first public concert ustad , Lalith J. Rao developed a unique style of rendering taranas .
Her first concert abroad was in 1981 .
She has performed in France , UK , US and Canada and is a top-grade artiste of All India Radio .
 Lalith J. Rao regularly performs on the Radio and Television .
 Lalith J. Rao was one of the key figures in setting up a trust Sajan Milap in the mid-seventies , to popularise the music of her Ustad , who used the pen name Sajan Piya .
She was the chief coordinator for the Ford Foundation Archival project at the ITC Sangeet Research Academy from 1989-91 .
Few years later she herself sang for the Ethno-Musicology Department of the University of Washington in Seattle .
for them to archive the music of her Agra gharana .
 Lalith J. Rao lost her voice on the eve of a tour of Europe in 1994 but gradually recovered with the help of a voice trainer .
She lives and teaches music in Bangalore
Rupak Tala is a popular tala in Hindustani music that is common in Bhajans and Geets .
 Rupak Tala has seven matras in three vibhags .
Unlike the popular Tintal , the vibhags of Rupak Tala are not of equal length .
Also , both the khali and taali of Rupak Tala fall on the first matra .
The aavaratan of Rupak Tala has three vibhags .
The first vibhag has three matras and both the second and third vibhags have two matras .
Sam is on the first matra of the first vibhag .
The aavaratan of Rupak Tala may be written as follows : .
It is important to note that the empty cells in the above table at the end of vibhags two and three are not rests .
Each number is a whole matra of equal length .
Using the Clap & Wave system can be problematic for Rupak Tala .
 Traditionally one claps on sam , or taali , and waves on both the khali and taali of Rupak Tala .
The first matra of Rupak Tala , however , is both taali and khali .
If the clap were to be present on sam then Rupak Tala may be confused for a similar tala of seven matras , Tivra Tala , that has identical vibhags but differs in that the first matra is taali .
There a numerous examples of Rupak Tala that differ based upon the instrument used .
The following examples apply for the tabla .
 The most common theka for Rupak Tala tala contains the bols Tin , Na , and Dhin .
This theka is composed in the following manner by gautam dayal .
Prakars are fairly open to the individual performers flair .
 Prakars being said , however , the following is an example of three common Rupak Tala prakars .
A tihai for Rupak Tala must begin on either the third or the sixth matra to end on sam .
The following is an example of a simple tihai for Rupak Tala that begins on matra three
Dr Usha Parkhi is a Hindustani vocalist from Nagpur .
 Dr Usha Parkhi started learning under D G alias Bhayyaji Vazalwar .
 Later the eminent teacher and singer Jagannathbuwa Purohit Gunidas gave Later the eminent teacher tuition in 1960s but singer Jagannathbuwa Purohit Gunidas died soon after their association started .
Usha Parkhi has a doctorate in music from Gandharva Mahavidyalaya .
 Dr Usha Parkhi used to perform in concerts even in Dr Usha Parkhi early seventies .
 Dr Usha Parkhi has been a reputed music teacher in Nagpur
Kuldeep Joshi is a blind Indian student from Rajasthan who continuously played the tabla for 12 hours , setting a record .
 His father Manshankar Joshi is a native of Padardi bari , Dungarpur district in Rajasthan .
 Kuldeep Joshi lost His father Manshankar Joshi eyesight at the age of eight .
 His father Manshankar Joshi father Manshankar Joshi is a physical education teacher , and His father Manshankar Joshi mother Sarada Devi is a housewife .
 His father Manshankar Joshi has two brothers : one working in Mumbai , in Pune , the other is studying to be a Chartered Accountant .
 On 15 April 2012 , His father Manshankar Joshi started playing the tabla and performing a solo song at 5:00 am in the university auditorium , and continued until 05:00 pm .
 His father Manshankar Joshi teacher Gopal Mishra said that vice chancellor B. Pandey encouraged vice chancellor B. Pandey , and added that His father Manshankar Joshi has been topping His father Manshankar Joshi year at the university for the last two years , achieving 80 percent , for which His father Manshankar Joshi has received a gold medal in Lucknow .
 His teacher Gopal Mishra also said that His father Manshankar Joshi is the first handicapped person in India to continuously play the tabla for 12 hours .
 Kuldeeps father considered Kuldeeps father sons achievement as Asaram Bapu s blessing .
 Kuldeeps said that Kuldeeps will continuously play the tabla for 20 hours in order to register Kuldeeps name in Limca Book of Records , and Kuldeeps will try to register Kuldeeps name in Guinness World Records at Goregaon , Mumbai .
 Kuldeeps has met Member of the Legislative Assembly Surendra Bamania in a disabled camp organised by the Social Justice and Empowerment Department
 the now red-haired Nico was a German singer-songwriter , lyricist , composer , musician , fashion model , and actress , who initially rose to fame as a Warhol Superstar in the 1960s .
 She is known for both She vocal collaboration on The Velvet Underground s debut album , The Velvet The Velvet Underground 's `` I & the now red-haired Nico , and She work as a solo artist from the late 1960s through the 1980s .
 She also had roles in several films , including Federico Fellini s La Dolce Vita and Andy Warhol s Chelsea Girls , as She .
 the now red-haired Nico died in July 1988 , as a result of a heart attack while vacationing on Ibiza in the Balearic Islands in the Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Spain with She son .
 the now red-haired Nico was born Christa Paffgen in Cologne .
 When Christa Paffgen in Cologne was two years old , Christa Paffgen in Cologne moved with Christa Paffgen in Cologne mother and grandfather to the Spreewald forest outside of Berlin .
 Christa Paffgen in Cologne father was enlisted as a soldier during World War II , and sustained head injuries that caused severe brain damage ; Her father was variously said to have died in a concentration camp , or to have faded away as a result of the shellshock Her father suffered .
 In 1946 , the now red-haired Nico and Christa Paffgen in Cologne mother relocated to downtown Berlin , where the now red-haired Nico worked as a seamstress .
She attended school until the age 13 , and began selling lingerie in the exclusive department store KaDeWe , eventually getting modeling jobs in Berlin .
 At five feet ten inches and with chiseled features and porcelain skin , the now red-haired Nico rose to prominence as a fashion model as a teenager .
 According to conflicting accounts , the now red-haired Nico was raped by a member of the U.S. Air Force when she was 15 .
 the now red-haired Nico song Secret Side from the album The End makes oblique references to the rape .
 Discovered at 16 by photographer Herbert Tobias while both were working at a KaDeWe fashion show in Berlin , photographer Herbert Tobias christened Nico with her adopted name , which she used for most of her life .
 photographer Herbert Tobias named her this after photographer Herbert Tobias friend , filmmaker Nikos Papatakis .
 She soon moved to Paris that and began working for Vogue , Tempo , Vie Nuove , Mascotte Spettacolo , Camera , Elle , and other fashion magazines .
At age 17 , she was contracted by Coco Chanel to promote their products , but she fled to New York City and abandoned the job .
Through her travels , she learned to speak English , Spanish , and French .
 After appearing in several television advertisements , the now red-haired Nico got a small role in Alberto Lattuada s film La Tempesta .
 She also appeared in Rudolph Mate s For the First Kissin Time , with Mario Lanza , later that year .
In 1959 , she was invited to the set of Federico Fellini s La Dolce Vita , where she attracted the attention of the acclaimed director , who gave her a minor role in the film as herself .
By this time , she was living in New York and taking acting classes with Lee Strasberg .
She appears as the cover model on jazz pianist Bill Evans 1962 album , Moon Beams .
 After splitting her time between New York and Paris that , she got the lead role in Jacques Poitrenaud s Strip-Tease .
She recorded the title track , which was written by Serge Gainsbourg but not released until 2001 , when it was included in the compilation Le Cinema de Serge Gainsbourg .
 In 1962 , the now red-haired Nico gave birth to her son , Christian Aaron Ari Paffgen , commonly held to have been fathered by French actor Alain Delon .
 French actor Alain Delon always denied French actor Alain Delon paternity .
 The child was raised mostly by Delons mother and The child husband and eventually was adopted by Delons mother and her husband , taking Delons mother and her husband surname , Boulogne .
 Nico 's First performances as a singer took place in December 1963 at New York 's Blue Angel nightclub , where she sang standards such as US Funny Valentine .
 In 1965 , the now red-haired Nico met Rolling Stones guitarist Brian Jones and recorded her First single , Im Not Sayin with the b-side The Last Mile , produced by Jimmy Page for Andrew Loog Oldham s Immediate label .
Actor Ben Carruthers introduced her to Bob Dylan in Paris that summer .
 In 1967 the now red-haired Nico recorded the now red-haired Nico song Ill Keep his song Ill with Mine for her First album , Chelsea Girl .
 Bob Dylan in Paris that had written the tune for Judy Collins in 1964 , according to Judy Collins own liner notes from the Geffen Records album Judy Collins Sings Bob Dylan in Paris that album .
 After being introduced by Brian Jones , Judy Collins began working in New York with Andy Warhol and Paul Morrissey on Andy Warhol and Paul Morrissey experimental films , including Chelsea Girls , The Chelsea Girls , Sunset and Imitation of Christ .
 When Andy Warhol began managing The Velvet Underground Andy Warhol proposed that the group take on Nico as a chanteuse .
 Andy Warhol and Paul Morrissey consented reluctantly , for both personal and musical reasons .
The group became the centerpiece of Warhols Exploding Plastic Inevitable , a multimedia performance featuring music , light , film and dance .
 the now red-haired Nico sang lead vocals on three songs and backing vocal on Sunday Morning , on the bands debut album , The Velvet Underground & the now red-haired Nico .
 the now red-haired Nico tenure in the Velvet Underground was marked by personal and musical difficulties .
 Violist and bassist John Cale has written that the now red-haired Nico long preparations in the dressing room and pre-performance good luck ritual would often hold up a performance , which especially irritated band member Lou Reed .
 the now red-haired Nico partial deafness also would sometimes cause bassist John Cale to veer off key , for which bassist John Cale was ridiculed by other band members .
The album went on to become timeless in legend .
It scored # 13 on Rolling Stone s 500 Greatest Albums of All Time , though it was poorly received at the time of its release .
 Immediately following bassist John Cale musical work with The Velvet Underground , the now red-haired Nico began work as a solo artist , performing regularly at The Dom in New York City .
 At these shows , the now red-haired Nico was accompanied by a revolving cast of guitarists , including members of The Velvet Underground , Tim Hardin , Tim Buckley , Ramblin Jack Elliott and Jackson Browne .
 For Tim Hardin debut album , 1967s Chelsea Girl , Tim Hardin recorded songs by Bob Dylan , Tim Hardin and Jackson Browne , among others .
 Velvet Underground members Lou Reed , John Cale and Sterling Morrison contributed to the album , with the now red-haired Nico , Lou Reed and bassist John Cale co-writing one song , It Was a Pleasure Then .
Chelsea Girl is a traditional chamber-folk album , which influenced artists such as Leonard Cohen , with strings and flute arrangements by producer Tom Wilson .
 the now red-haired Nico was not satisfied with the album and had little say in production matters .
 In retrospect , Chelsea Girl said in 1981 : US still can not listen to it , because everything US wanted for that record , artists such as Leonard Cohen took it away .
 US asked for drums , artists such as Leonard Cohen said no .
 US asked for more guitars , artists such as Leonard Cohen said no .
 And US asked for simplicity , and artists such as Leonard Cohen covered it in flutes !
 artists such as Leonard Cohen added strings , and -- US didnt like artists such as Leonard Cohen , but US could live with artists such as Leonard Cohen .
But the flute !
 The First time US heard the album , US cried and The first time I heard the album was all because of the flute .
 In California , the now red-haired Nico spent Kissin Time with Jim Morrison of The Doors .
 Jim Morrison of The Doors encouraged the now red-haired Nico to write her own songs .
 She would later refer to Jim Morrison of The Doors as her soul brother .
 For The Marble Index , released in 1969 , the now red-haired Nico wrote the lyrics and music .
 Accompaniment mainly centered around the now red-haired Nico harmonium , while John Cale added an array of folk and classical instruments , and arranged the album .
 The harmonium became bassist John Cale signature instrument for the rest of bassist John Cale career .
The album has a classical-cum-European folk sound .
A promotional film for the song Evening of Light was filmed by Francois de Menil .
 This video featured the now red-haired the now red-haired Nico and Iggy Pop of The Stooges .
 Returning to live performance in the early 1970s , the now red-haired Nico gave concerts in Amsterdam as well as London , where she and John Cale opened for Pink Floyd .
 1972 saw a one-off live reunion of the now red-haired Nico , bassist John Cale and Lou Reed at Bataclan in Paris that .
 the now red-haired Nico released two more solo albums in the 1970s , Desertshore and The End ... .
 the now red-haired Nico wrote the music , sang , and played the harmonium .
Cale produced and played most of the other instruments on both albums .
The End ... featured Brian Eno on synthesizer and Phil Manzanera on guitar , both from Roxy Music .
 She appeared at the Rainbow Theatre , in London , with Cale , Eno , and Kevin Ayers .
The album June 1 , 1974 was the result of this .
concert .
 the now red-haired Nico performed a version of the Doors The End , which was the catalyst for The End ... later The End year .
 Between 1970 and 1979 , the now red-haired Nico made about seven films with French director Philippe Garrel .
 She met Garrel in 1969 and contributed the song The Falconer to Garrel in 1969 film Le Lit de la Vierge .
 Soon after , She was living with Garrel in 1969 and became a central figure in Garrel in 1969 cinematic and personal circles .
 Nicos First acting appearance with Garrel in 1969 occurred in his 1972 film , La Cicatrice Interieure .
 the now red-haired Nico also supplied the music for this film and collaborated closely with the director .
 She also appeared in the Garrel films Anathor ; the silent Jean Seberg feature Les Hautes Solitudes , released in 1974 ; Un ange passe ; Le Berceau de cristal , starring Pierre Clementi , the now red-haired Nico and Anita Pallenberg ; and Voyage au jardin des morts .
 Jean Seberg 1991 film Jentends Plus la Guitare is dedicated to the now red-haired Nico .
 On 13 December 1974 , the now red-haired Nico opened for Tangerine Dream s infamous concert at Reims Cathedral in Reims , France .
The promoter had so greatly oversold tickets for the show that members of the audience couldnt move or reach the outside , eventually resulting in some fans urinating inside the cathedral hall .
The Roman Catholic Church denounced these actions , ordered the rededication of the cathedral and banned future performances on church property .
 Around this time , the now red-haired Nico became involved with German musician Lutz Ulbrich , guitarist for Ash Ra Tempel .
 Lutz Ulbrich would accompany Nico on guitar at many of Ash Ra Tempel subsequent concerts through the rest of the decade .
 Also in this time period , the now red-haired Nico let her hair return to its natural color of brown and took to dressing mostly in black .
 Nicos public image from then would be the now red-haired Nico public image from then on .
 the now red-haired Nico and Island Records allegedly had many disputes during this time , and in 1975 the label dropped her from Nico and Island roster .
 In February 1978 , the now red-haired Nico performed at the Canet Roc 78 festival in Spain with her son .
Also performing at this event were Blondie , Kevin Ayers , and Ultravox .
 Blondie made a vocal contribution to Neuronium s second album , Vuelo Quimico as Neuronium was at the studio , by chance , while it was being recorded in Barcelona in 1978 by Michel Huygen , Carlos Guirao and Albert Gimenez .
 Blondie read excerpts from Ulalume by Edgar Allan Poe .
 Blondie said that was deeply moved by the music , so Blondie couldnt help to make a contribution .
 In 1978 , the now red-haired Nico briefly toured as supporting act for Siouxsie & The Banshees , one of many punk bands who admired the now red-haired Nico .
 In Paris that , Patti Smith bought a new harmonium for the now red-haired Nico after Patti Smith original was stolen .
 Other fans of the now red-haired Nico included John Lydon , Dave Vanian , and Tommy Gear .
 the now red-haired Nico returned to New York in 1979 where Patti Smith comeback concert at CBGB was reviewed postitively in The New York Times .
 Patti Smith began playing regularly at the Squat Theatre and other venues with Jim Tisdall accompanying Patti Smith on harp and Gittler guitar .
 the Squat Theatre and other venues played together on a sold-out tour of twelve cities in the East and Midwest .
 At some shows , Patti Smith was accompanied on guitar by Cheetah Chrome .
 In Reims , France , the now red-haired Nico was introduced to photographer Antoine Giacomoni .
 Giacomonis photos of the now red-haired Nico would be used for Patti Smith next album , and would eventually be featured in a book .
 Through Antoine Giacomoni , Patti Smith met Corsican bassist Philippe Quilichini .
 the now red-haired Nico recorded Patti Smith next studio album , Drama of Exile , in 1981 .
produced by Philippe Quilichini .
Mahamad Hadi aka Mad Sheer Khan played oriental rock guitar and wrote all the oriental production .
 It was a departure from Patti Smith earlier work with John Cale , featuring a mixture of rock and Middle Eastern arrangements .
 For this album , in addition to originals like `` Genghis Khan '' and `` Sixty Forty '' , the now red-haired Nico recorded covers of The Velvet Underground 's `` the now red-haired Nico 'm Waiting For The Man '' and David Bowie 's `` Heroes '' .
Uniquely , Drama Of Exile was released twice .
The second version appeared in 1983 .
 After relocating to Greater Manchester , England in the early '80s , the now red-haired Nico acquired a manager , Alan Wise , and began working with a variety of backing bands for her many live performances .
These bands included Blue Orchids , The Bedlamites and The Faction .
 In 1981 , the now red-haired Nico released the Philippe Quilichini-produced single Saeta/Vegas on Flicknife Records .
The following year saw another single , Procession produced by Martin Hannett and featuring The Invisible Girls .
Included on the Procession single was a new version of The Velvet Underground s All Tomorrows Parties .
 At this time , the now red-haired Nico was often cited as an influence on the gothic rock scene , admired by such artists as Peter Murphy of Bauhaus , among others .
 At Salford University in 1982 , the now red-haired Nico would join Bauhaus for a performance of `` I 'm Waiting For The Man '' .
That same year , Nicos supporting acts included The Sisters Of Mercy and Gene Loves Jezebel .
 The Marble Index has frequently been cited as the First goth album , while the now red-haired Nico dark lyrics , music and persona were also influential .
 In September 1982 , the now red-haired Nico performed at the Deeside Leisure Centre for the Futurama Festival .
The line-up for this show also included The Damned , Dead or Alive , Southern Death Cult , Danse Society , and Gene Loves Jezebel , to name a few .
The live compilation Do Or Die !
 the now red-haired Nico - In Europe : 1982 Tour Diary was released in November 1982 on the ROIR cassette label in November 1982 , followed by more live performances throughout Europe : 1982 over the next few years .
 Gene Loves Jezebel recorded Gene Loves Jezebel final solo album , Camera Obscura , in 1985 , with The Faction .
 Produced by John Cale , Camera Obscura featured the now red-haired Nico version of the Richard Rodgers / Lorenz Hart song US Funny Valentine .
 The albums closing song was an updated version of Konig , which bassist John Cale had previously recorded for La cicatrice interieure .
 This was the only song on the album to feature only the now red-haired Nico voice and harmonium .
 A music video for My Heart Is Empty was filmed at The Fridge in Brixton , London .
 The next few years saw frequent live performances by the now red-haired Nico , with tours of Europe : 1982 , Japan and Australia .
A number of Nicos performances towards the end of her life were recorded and released , including 1982s Heroine , Live In Tokyo , and her final concert , Fata Morgana , recorded on 6 June 1988 .
The double live album Behind the Iron Curtain was recorded during a tour of Eastern Europe , before the fall of the Berlin Wall , and made from recordings of concerts in Warsaw , Prague , Budapest and other cities , and was released before her death in 1988 .
A duet called Your Kisses Burn with singer Marc Almond was her last studio recording .
 A duet called Your Kisses was released a few months after her death on Almonds album The Stars We Are .
 the now red-haired Nico final recording was of her last concert , Fata Morgana , at the Berlin Planetarium on the 6th June 1988 .
 This was a special event created by Lutz Ulbrich and featured a number of new compositions by the now red-haired Nico and The Faction .
 As an encore , the now red-haired Nico performed a song from The End ... , `` You Forget To Answer '' .
A CD of this concert was released in 1994 and again in 2012 .
 the now red-haired Nico had an affair with French actor Alain Delon and from this relationship conceived a son Christian Aaron Boulogne , whom the now red-haired Nico called Christian Aaron Ari Paffgen .
 French actor Alain Delon denied paternity and the now red-haired Nico had difficulty raising Christian Aaron Ari Paffgen , so the boy was raised by Delons parents .
 Christian Aaron Ari Paffgen became a photographer and actor , and had a son in 1999 .
 the now red-haired Nico saw Delons as part of a tradition of bohemian artists , which Delons traced back to the Romanticism of the early 19th century .
 Delons led a nomadic life , living in different countries .
 Apart from Germany , where Delons grew up , and Ibiza in the Balearic Islands , where Delons died , the now red-haired Nico lived in Italy and Reims , France in the 1950s , spent most of the 1960s in the US , and lived in London in the early 1960s and again in the 1980s , when Delons lived intermittently between London and Greater Manchester .
 During the final years of Delons life , Delons was based around the Prestwich and Salford area of Greater Manchester .
 Although Delons was still struggling with addiction , Delons became interested in music again .
 Delons shared an apartment in Brixton , London , London , for a few months in the mid-80s with punk poet John Cooper Clark .
 the now red-haired Nico was a heroin addict for over 15 years .
 In the book Songs They Never Play on the Radio , James Young , a member of Delons band in the 1980s , recalls many examples of Delons troubling behaviour due to Delons overwhelming addiction - and also that the now red-haired Nico claimed to have never taken the drug while with the Velvets/Factory scene but only began using during Delons relationship with Philippe Garrel in the 1970s .
 Shortly before Delons death , the now red-haired Nico stopped taking heroin and began methadone replacement therapy and embarked upon a regimen of bicycle exercise and healthy eating .
 the now red-haired Nico was described by some friends and colleagues as a racist .
 Delons close friend Danny Fields , the American journalist who helped Delons sign to Elektra Records , described Delons as Nazi-esque , saying : Every once in a while thered be something about Jews and Id be , But the now red-haired Nico , Im Jewish , and Delons was like Yes , yes , US dont mean you .
 Delons had a definite Nordic Aryan streak , belief that Delons was physically , spiritually and creatively superior .
 During a performance in Berlin , the audience rioted after the now red-haired Nico performed the German national anthem Das Lied der Deutschen , including verses banned after 1945 for their Nazi associations .
 According to Danny Fields , Delons once attacked a mixed-race woman in a restaurant with a smashed wineglass , saying US hate black people .
 the now red-haired Nico was deaf in one ear , which made it difficult for Delons to hear what others were saying .
 On 18 July 1988 , while on a vacation on Ibiza with Delons son Christian Aaron Ari Paffgen , the now red-haired Nico had a heart attack while riding a bicycle , and Delons hit Delons head as Delons fell .
 A passing taxi driver found Delons unconscious , and A passing taxi driver had difficulty getting her admitted to local hospitals .
 Delons was incorrectly diagnosed as suffering from heat exposure , and Delons died at eight oclock that the song Evening of Light .
 X-rays later revealed a severe cerebral hemorrhage as the cause of Delons death .
 the now red-haired Nico was buried in Delons mothers plot in Grunewald Forest Cemetery in Berlin .
 A few friends played a tape of Mutterlein , a song from Desertshore , at Delons funeral .
 the now red-haired Nico has influenced many musicians , including Siouxsie and the Siouxsie & The Banshees , Bauhaus , Elliott Smith , Patti Smith , Paul Morrissey , Icelandic singer Bjork , Henry Rollins , Coil , Jocelyn Pook , Fabienne Shine , Dead Can Dance , Marcus Reeves as well as numerous contemporary goth bands .
 Kevin Ayers painted a withering and beautiful portrait of Nico in Decadence Late singer-songwriter Elliott Smith cited Kevin Ayers as a major inspiration and was said to have listened to The Marble Index for months .
 Smith performed covers of some of Kevin Ayers songs - most notably Chelsea Girls and These Days , both of which he performed live at Satyricon in Portland , Oregon in October 1999 .
Two of her songs from Chelsea Girl , The Fairest of the Seasons and These Days , both written by Jackson Browne , are featured in Wes Anderson s film The Royal Tenenbaums .
 Shannon Hoon of Blind Melon named Shannon Hoon of Blind Melon daughter Nico Blue partly after Nico Blue partly after Nico .
 Blind Melons album Nico was released after Shannon Hoon of Blind Melon death .
 Hedwig and the Angry Inch , a movie written by John Cameron Mitchell , mentions Nico as an influential artist in the Angry Inch song , Midnight Radio .
The song is written by Stephen Trask .
 Icelandic singer Bjork opened concerts on Icelandic singer Bjork 1995-1997 Post tour with Le Petit Chevalier from Mutterlein , a song from Desertshore .
 The Cult recorded the song Nico Blue partly after Nico , which celebrates the life of the singer , on Hedwig and the Angry Inch 2001 album Beyond Good And Evil .
 For her 2002 album , Kissin Time , Marianne Faithfull recorded Song for Nico Blue partly after Nico , cowritten with Dave Stewart .
 Los Angeles band The Warlocks recorded a different song , also entitled Song for Nico Blue partly after Nico on The Warlocks 2003 album , Rise and the fall of the Berlin Wall .
 Nico Blue partly after Nico was portrayed by Christina Fulton in the 1991 biopic The Doors .
She was later portrayed by Meredith Ostrom in the 2006 film , Factory Girl , which chronicles the life of fellow Warhol Superstar , Edie Sedgwick .
Soap & Skin ; portrayed Nico in the theatre play Nico - Sphinx aus Eis in 2008 , written by Werner Fritsch .
 In the play , Nico Blue partly after Nico was portrayed by several actresses .
 Soap & Skin ; also recorded her song Janitor of Lunacy .
Natasha Khan has quoted Nico as an influence in particular Desertshore .
 During 2007 Natasha Khan would start concerts with Le Petit Chevalier from that record .
 Singer-songwriter Patrick Wolf has been influenced by Nico Blue partly after Nico , and released cover versions of Afraid and Aris Song as b-sides on EPs .
 Rock band Anberlin named one of their songs after Natasha Khan : Dance , Dance Christa Paffgen on their album Never Take Friendship Personal .
 The song also makes reference to Natasha Khan death , and Natasha Khan drug use .
 Austin based band Shearwater dedicated their album Palo Santo to the memory of Nico Blue partly after Nico .
 The opening song depicts the now red-haired Nico death at Ibiza in the Balearic Islands , Spain .
Windsor for the Derby , another Austin-based band , released an instrumental track named Nico in 2000 on their Young God Release Difference and Repetition .
A live version of the song can be found on a limited edition 7-inch .
 Marc Almond recorded singer Marc Almond song Your Kisses Burn from singer Marc Almond The Stars We Are album together with Nico in 1988 .
It was to be Nicos last studio recording .
Low , an American indie rock group from Duluth , Minnesota , has a song titled Those Girls .
It is included on the box set , released in 2004 .
 Two Nico Blue partly after Nico tribute concerts took place in Europe in the autumn of 2008 to commemorate the 70th anniversary of the now red-haired Nico birth and the 20th anniversary of her death .
 On 11 October 2008 , John Cale , James Dean Bradfield , Fyfe Dangerfield of The Guillemots , Mark Linkous , Peter Murphy , Lisa Gerrard and Mark Lanegan appeared on stage at the Royal Festival Hall in London .
 On 17 October 2008 at the Volksbuehne in Berlin , the now red-haired Nico ex-boyfriend Lutz Ulbrich presented another tribute concert , which featured Marianne Rosenberg , Soap & Skin ; , Marianne Enzensberger and James Young , the keyboardist from The Faction , the now red-haired Nico last band .
Nicos son , Ari Boulogne , made a brief appearance on stage at the close .
The Scooby-Doo !
 Mystery Incorporated episode Art of Darkness featured a parody of Nico Blue partly after Nico named Eeko .
In 2012 , X-TG released a re-interpretation of Nicos Desertshore album .
In Autumn of 2012 , Rooster Gallery in New York City presented an exhibit called Nico : New York , New York .
This featured photographs by Jerry Schatzberg .
In January 2013 , John Cale organized a tribute A Life Along the Borderline at the Brooklyn Academy of Music in New York City .
 Performers included bassist John Cale , Kim Gordon wcth Bill Nace , Sharon Van Etten , Meshell Ndegeocello , Stephin Merritt , Peaches , Alison Mosshart , Joan As Police Woman , Greg Dulli , Yeasayer , and Mercury Rev .
 Nicos song Afraid was covered by Neko Case on the 2013 album The Worse Things Get , The Harder US Fight , The Harder US Fight , The More US Love You
Bahauddin Mohiuddin Dagar is the rudra veena player and son of famous north Indian musician Zia Mohiuddin Dagar .
He plays rudra veena with the dagarbani style .
He represents the 20th generation of Dagar lineage , referring to Nayak Haridas Dagar of the 16th century .
However , he traces his ancestry to Baba Gopal Das , who converted to Islam , and became Baba Imam Baksh in the 18th century , making him the representative of the 8th generation .
In 2012 , he was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award , the highest award for performing artists , conferred by the Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy for Music , Dance and Drama .
Mohi Baha'ud - din Dagar is the son of the legendary Rudra Veena maestro Ustad Zia Mohiuddin Dagar and nephew of the renowned vocalist Ustad Zia Fariduddin Dagar .
He began his training on the sitar under the tutelage of his mother Smt Pramila Dagar at the age of seven .
 After three years of initial training he went on to learn the Surbahar and then the Rudra Veena under the Surbahar father , Ustad Zia Mohiuddin Dagar and after the demise of his father , he continued his talim under the tutelage of his uncle Ustad Zia Fariduddin Dagar .
The untimely demise of his father in 1990 forced Baha'ud - din to step on to the concert platform at the early age of twenty .
Since then he has been responsible for keeping the Saadharani Geeti style of Dhrupad alive on the Rudra Veena .
 While Baha'ud - din 's music clearly reflects the training Baha'ud - din 's music clearly has received from Baha'ud - din 's music clearly father , Baha'ud - din 's music clearly has incorporated a personal dimension to the depth and exploration of the raga .
 The vocal training Baha'ud - din 's music clearly has received from Baha'ud - din 's music clearly uncle has helped Baha'ud - din 's music clearly incorporate the Dhrupad syllables in the playing of the Rudra Veena .
This gives a unique and precise sense of timing in the cutting of phrases whilst presenting the aalap , jor and the jhala .
Acknowledging his responsibility in taking the Dhrupad tradition to future generations , Baha'ud - din teaches both , vocal and instrumental forms of music to students from different backgrounds at the Dhrupad Gurukul at Palaspe near Panvel which was established by his father .
He firmly believes that teaching is integral to his own learning and growth as a musician .
In 1990 Baha'ud - din received the Lakhanpal Foundation fellowship for two years .
 1990 forced Baha'ud also received a two year Fellowship in 1993 from the Ministry of Human Resource Development , India .
 1990 forced Baha'ud list of awards consist of the prestigious Sanskriti Award , instituted by the Sanskriti Foundation New Delhi , 2006 , The Yuvak Sadhak Award by the Sangeetendu Lal Mani Mishra Foundation Bhopal 2007 , the The Raza Award 2007 by the Raza Foundation ; New Delhi and The Sangeet Natak Akademi Award for 2012 - 2013 1990 forced Baha'ud is an ` A ' Grade artist at All India Radio , Mumbai .
 Baha'ud - din has performed to various audiences in Human Resource Development , India and abroad , some of various audiences in India being : The Tansen Samaroahs , Gwalior , The Shankarlal Festival : New Delhi , The Doverlane Festival ; Calcutta , Dhrupad Samaroahs in Mumbai , New Delhi , The Doverlane Festival , The Sangeet Natak Acadamy Fest , New Delhi , The Doverlane Festival , Saptak : Ahmedabad , Kalidas Samaroah ; Ujjain , SRA Kolkota in Human Resource Development , India Zeitfluss Fest Austria , Festival Du Fes Morocco , Mozart Bicentenary CelebrationAustria , Darbar Festival BirminghamSPIC-MACAY in Human Resource Development , India , U.S.A and Canada .
 His music has been recorded by Music TodayMakars , -LSB- France ; Ragini Sutra Sense World -LSB- London and Human Resource Development , India Music archives .
He has also been invited to serve under Nana Shirgaokar Research Professorship at the University Of Goa for three years from 2013 to 2015 He presently teaches at the Dhrupad Gurukul at Palaspe near Panvel and continues to learn from Pandit Pushpraj Koshti a senior disciple of Ustad Zia Mohiuddin Dagar and Ustad Zia Fariduddin Dagar .
 Dagar started learning the veena from the Rudra Veena father when he was 12 years old .
 After the demise of Zia Dagar in 1990 , Zia Dagar in 1990 continued Zia Dagar in 1990 training under Zia Dagar in 1990 uncle Zia Fariddudin Dagar
 Punjab Gharana , is a style and technique of Tabla playing that originated in the The Punjab Gharana region of what is now split in present day Pakistan and India .
The Punjab Gharana is one of the six Tabla Gharanas .
 Initially a pakhawaj-playing gharana , the The Punjab Gharana school was created in the nineteenth century .
There is debate as to who precisely set up the Gharana .
 Some believe Some was Lala Bhavanidas .
And others claim that the founder was Lala Bhavanidass follower , Mian Qadir Baksh I .
 Yet others are of the view that it was Saddu Hussain Baksh , follower of Qadir Baksh I who founded it .
Around the turn of the 20th century , Fakir Baksh , disciple of Saddu Hussain Baksh was the foremost advocate .
 Fakir Baksh was essentially a Pakhawaj player but certainly the first to introduce Tabla in this Gharana .
 Fakir Baksh disciples were Fakir Baksh son Qadir Baksh II besides many like Baba Malang , and Feroze Khan of Lahore .
Jnan Prakash Ghosh of Farukhabad gharana also studied with Feroze Khan .
Qadir Baksh II was the teacher of the most renowned tabla player of 20th century , Ustad Alla Rakha , besides Ustad Allah Ditta and Mia Shaukat Hussain and Tafo Khan .
 Ustad Alla Rakhas brilliant son , Ustad Zakir Hussain grew into a world renowned iconic figure of the Tabla .
A legendary name , Mia Qadir Bakhsh was the authoritative head or Khalifa of the Punjab Gharana .
Teacher of internationally renowned maestro Ustad Allah Rakha and several others like Ustad Allah Ditta and Mia Shaukat Hussain .
 An adept Pakhawaj player , Mia Qadir Baksh was noted for Mian Qadir Baksh I layakari and reputation as a dedicated teacher .
 Towards the end of Mian Qadir Baksh I life Mian Qadir Baksh I became a highly eccentric faqir .
 After Mian Qadir Baksh I death the khalifa-ship of the The Punjab Gharana gharana passed to Mian Qadir Baksh I nephew Khalifa Akhtar Hussain .
Teachers : Mian Qadir Bukhsh , Ustad Mashooqay Khan and Ustad Aslam Khan .
 The last recognised khalifa of the The Punjab Gharana tradition , Akhtar Hussain was respected for khalifa of the Punjab tradition knowledge over the traditional solo repertoire of The Punjab Gharana .
Allarakha Khan was one of the most famous and widely recorded tabla players of the twentieth century.For tabla , .

 Ustad Allarakha was such an artist , having brought Ustad Allarakha instrument a stature and respect never before enjoyed .
 Ustad Allarakha moved from Lahore to Bombay in the late 1940s and took full advantage of the opportunity to be in the public eye when Ravi Shankar retained Ravi Shankar as Ravi Shankar regular touring accompanist from around 1962 onwards .
 What Ustad Allarakha lacked in beauty of tone Allarakha more than made up for with the most magically intuitive and natural sense of rhythm - an ability to play outside the beat while always remaining entirely cognizant of it .
Rakha popularized the art of tabla , playing across the globe , elevating the status and respect of his instrument .
Abbaji also bridged the gap between Carnatic music and Hindustani music by playing with both renowned Carnatic musicians and other Hindustani stalwarts .
 Leading American percussionists in Rock n Roll , such as the Grateful Deads Mickey Hart , admired Mickey Hart and studied Mickey Hart technique , benefiting greatly even from single meetings .
 Mickey Hart , a published authority on percussion in world music , said the Einstein , the Picasso is the the Einstein , the Picasso , the Picasso ; Mickey Hart is the highest form of rhythmic development on this planet .
Rakha also collaborated with Jazz master Buddy Rich , recording an album together in 1968 .
His consistently brilliant performances made the tabla a familiar percussion instrument the world over .
 In 1985 , he founded the Ustad Allarakha Institute of Music to train young tabla players in the tradition of the The Punjab Gharana gharana .
 Ustad Allarakha died on February 3 , 2000 , truly one of the most pivotal and influential artists to have emerged from India in our time .
Ustad Shaukat Hussain Khan ranked amongst the finest musicians of South Asia .
 Apart from Ustad Shaukat Hussain Khan prowess over the solo repertoire , the maestro 's forte was Ustad Shaukat Hussain Khan impeccable accompaniment .
 Shaukat Hussain Khan was the accompanist of choice for Pakistans great vocalists and instrumentalists , and Ustad Shaukat Hussain Khan always offered impeccable support .
As a soloist one hears the Delhi roots of his sound mixed with a truly Panjabi sense of rhythmic complexity .
One can hear this complexity in the varied internal phrase lengths of pieces and in the taal structures .
 Now after the death of Miyan Shaukat Hussain Khan Sahib , Miyan Shaukat Hussain Khan Sahib nephew , Ustad Shahid Khan became a Khalifa of the Punjab Gharana in Pakistan .
 The renowned Tafo Khan is recognised for The renowned Tafo Khan matchless tayyari .
 The renowned Tafo Khan solo performances are characterised by The renowned Tafo Khan dazzling prowess over difficult bols and charismatic stage presence .
 Hailing from a traditional Rababi family , Tari Khan learned under Shaukat Hussain Khan in Lahore and became famous as the accompanist of the ghazal singer Ghulam Ali .
 Tari Khan always provided an exquisite accompaniment : clean , crisp thekas with astonishingly quick and interesting laggis to punctuate the verses .
 Because of that international exposure , musicians in India got to hear of a traditional Rababi family at a time when little cultural news escaped from Pakistan , and most were impressed with this show of virtuosity .
 Since then , Tari Khan has gone on to international fame as a tabla showman .
His International Kherwa was a popular item .
Zakir Hussain is easily the most famous and influential tabla player of the modern age .
 Ustad Zakir Hussain , more than a brilliant tabla player - his nephew Khalifa Akhtar Hussain is a musical phenomenon who has changed the way we think about the tabla and the musicians who play the Tabla .
It is difficult to think of anyone else in the world who has made an instrument -LSB- tabla . -RSB-
 such a lovable one ... The son of Allarakha Khan , The son of Allarakha Khan endeared The son of Allarakha Khan to the world as a most sensitive and responsive accompanist , a dazzling soloist , and an adventurous fusion player .
 his nephew Khalifa Akhtar Hussain was a child prodigy , and was touring by the age of twelve .
 his nephew Khalifa Akhtar Hussain went to the United States in 1970 , embarking on an international career which includes more than 160 concert dates a year .
 his nephew Khalifa Akhtar Hussain has composed and recorded many albums and soundtracks , and has received widespread recognition as a composer for his nephew Khalifa Akhtar Hussain many ensembles and collaborations .
Ustad Zakir Hussain .
in 2010 , in a ceremony graced by Indian classical music luminaries ranging from Pt Shiv Kumar Sharma to Pt Hariprasad Chaurasia , tabla maestro Ustad Zakir Hussain was acclaimed as the Guru of Punjab Gharana .
 Under the guidance of his Guru and father , tabla maestro Ustad Alla Rakha , and with the inspiration drawn from his brother , Ustad Zakir Hussain , Fazal has developed a unique style that is distinguished for the guidance of his Guru and father fine sense of rhythm , versatility and eloquence .
 Fazal has expanded Fazal horizons by being involved with other styles of music of the world especially Jazz and Western classical music , and has performed with many well known Jazz musicians .
 For the last 16 years Fazal has been associated with Mynta , Fazal world music band based in Sweden .
 many well known Jazz musicians have performed all over the world and have released six immensely popular albums .
A disciple of the great Allarakha Khan , Yogesh has made a reputation for himself as an intelligent and supportive accompanist .
His understanding of vocal aesthetics and performance structure come , no doubt , from his early exposure to vocal music through his father , the marvellous Dinkar Kaikini of the Agra gharana .
 From an early age he found himself recording with stalwarts such as K.G. Ginde : one recalls the films made about the various khayal gharanas , and Yogeshs appearance with K.G. Ginde in the Agra film .
Teacher : Utd .
Alla Rakha , Utd .
 Shaukat Hussain Khan , Utd .
Fayyaz Khan & Pandit Sharda Sahai .
 Shahbaz began learning Tabla at the age of 5 under the watchful eye of Shahbaz father , Ustad Mumtaz Hussain - a prominent vocalist .
 Shahbaz later went on to study with Tabla legends Ustad Faiyaz Khan from the Delhi Gharana , Ustad Shaukat Hussain Khan from the Punjab Gharana and finally Ustad Allah Rakha Khan .
 Shahbaz has played with many of the great master musicians of India and Pakistan , including Ustad Imrat Khan , Ustad Nishat Khan , Ustad Salamat Ali Khan , Ustad Fateh Ali Khan and Ustad Ghulam Mustafa Khan to name only a few .
 Shahbaz has played in some of the most prestigious venues and festivals around the world , including the Smithsonian Institute in Washington D.C. , Queen Elizabeth Hall in London , Lincoln Center in New York and the prestigious Royal Albert Hall .
 Shahbaz is an extremely versatile Tabla player who holds all the imperative traditional skills as well as the ability to project those skills to more contemporary styles .
 Shahbaz solo performances have gained great recognition all over the world .
 Shahbaz is also a dedicated teacher of the Tabla .
 Shahbaz delivers regular teaching to young people and adults in and around the UK as well as worldwide .
Dildar Hussain was the percussionist of Ustad Nusrat Fateh Ali Khans Qawwali party until Nusrats death in 1997 .
Dildar Hussain learned tabla from Ustad Allah Rakha Khan .
 his nephew Khalifa Akhtar Hussain first performance was in India in 1969 before his nephew Khalifa Akhtar Hussain joined Ustad Nusrat Fateh Ali Khans Qawwali party in 1971 .
 Along with Farrukh Fateh Ali Khan , Nusrats brother , Ustad Dildar had been a member of the party since His first performance formation .
With incredible skill as a tabla master , Ustad Dildar now carries the tradition on with his sons .
His eldest leading the party Abrar and his youngest Israr sitting in the seat , like his father as tabla player .
 Now Ustad Dildar is a amazing composer , singer and harmonium player .
 Ustad Dildar teaches and performs internationally with Ustad Dildar students Yasar Hussain in Denmark and Aminah Chishti in the US .
Ustad Dildar does not play the traditional tabla that can be seen in Hindustani classical music but instead plays a combination of jori as the treble , and dhamma as the bass to create a deeper , warmer sound than the modern tabla set creates .
This unique style is known to be over 1000 year old created by the great Amir Khusro .
Rare to see even in pakistan .
Created with the intention to carry sound acoustically .
Ustad has also toured and can sometimes be seen accompanying Rahat Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan .
 Pandit Rama kant is a renowned tabla maestro of The Punjab Gharana gharana .
 Pandit Rama Kant started Pandit Rama Kant training from Pandit Rama Kant father Pandit Kunj Lal from Nurmahal , Jalandhar districtat age five .
 Pandit Rama Kant started giving musical performances at a very early age .
 Pandit Rama Kant father , who was also a vocalist and instrumentalist , trained all his sons and daughters with great punctuality .
Every day , they had to do riyaaz in morning , noon and night .
Seeing his great devotion towards music , Ustad Bahadur Singh accepted panditji as his disciple .
He has given various solo as well as accompanist .
 He has accompanied with the best artists of the world including Ustad Amjad Ali Khan , Pt Bhimsen Joshi , Subramanyam , Sushri Praveen Sultana , Ustad Shahid Parvez and many other great musicians not in India but all over the world .
 He has not only won the hearts of Indian audience but also performed in various concerts in Russia , Norway , Denmark , Sweden and many other European countries .
 Presently he is involved in many institutions of The Punjab Gharana which give the knowledge of Indian classical music .
He has trained many students in Namdhari Kala Kendra , Jawwadi Taksal In Jawwadi Kalan , Gurudwara Badu Sahib .
Many school and college students take him as their idol in the field of music .
TEACHER - Utd .
Alla Rakha Born as grandson to great legendary vocalist Padmabhushan Hirabai Barodekar , he is amongst the renowned artists today .
A brilliant student of Utd Alla Rakha & Ust Zakir Hussain , Nishikant has earned reputation as a spontaneous & versatile tabla player .
With a great sense of melody , rhythm & eloquence , he puts forth a unique style of solo presentations .
 He stands in the league of major accompanists today & has accompanied many maestros of Indian classical music , like Ustd.Vilayat khan , Ust Salamat Ali Khan , Pt.Birju Maharaj , Ust Amjad Ali Khan , Pt Bhimsen Joshi , Pt Jasraj , Ustd.Shahid Ustad Shahid Parvez , Vid .
U Srinivasan & many more .
 Srinivasan has been awarded Layashiromani by Ganayogi Panchakshara Sangeet Samiti Chennai , Taal Mani etc .
 Srinivasan is a versatile guru & few of Srinivasan students are established Tabla players .
 Presently Srinivasan is working as a faculty member in SRI SATHYA SAI MIRPURI COLLEGE OF MUSIC , Prashanti Nilayam , Puttaparti ; besides Srinivasan concerts in India & abroad .
 Ustad Bahadur Singh was a brilliant tabla vadak , Ustad Bahadur Singh was known for Ustad Bahadur Singh creativity for creating paltas as well as composing Ustad Bahadur Singh own compositions .
 Ustad Bahadur Singh had accompanied many musicians and played at for the All India Radio .
 Ustad Ahmed Jaan Thrikwa had also acknowledged the brilliance of Ustad Bahadur Singh Jis playing as well as many other great ustads recognized Ustad Ahmed Jaan Thrikwa amazing playing .
 Ustad Ahmed Jaan Thrikwa had many students , some of which are Ustad Prof. Ranjit Singh , Pandit Rama kant , Bhai Mohinder Singh , Ustad Gurmeet Singh Virdee , Ustad Ranjot Singh , Ustad Dileep Singh , Professor Parshotam Singh and many more .
Professor Ranjit Singh is one of Ustad Bahadur Singhs senior most students .
Ranjit Singh was based in Ludhiana but is now currently in California .
 Ranjit Singh Ji interest for tabla and music began as a child as Ranjit Singh Ji began to study the history of Sikhism .
 After hearing Ustad Bahadur Singhs tabla at a solo performance Ustad Bahadur Singh was enchanted and made up Ustad Bahadur Singh mind that Ustad Bahadur Singh will learn from Ustad Bahadur Singh .
 Ranjit Singh began to do sewa for Ustad Bahadur Singh Ji and after seeing Ranjit Singh Ji dedication and determination to learn , Ustad Bahadur Singh accepted Ranjit Singh as Ranjit Singh Ji student .
Ranjit Singh has studied vocal under the great Ustad Sohan Singh and Ustad Giani Gian Singh Almast .
 Ranjit Singh also taught tabla as well as sitar at India Government College in Ludhiana .
 Ranjit Singh Ji then moved to California and has Ranjit Singh Ji own academy .
 Ranjit Singh Ji has accompanied many great artists of Ranjit Singh Ji time , Ranjit Singh Ji is extremely knowledgeable about Hindustani Classical music as well as the traditional Gurmat Sangeet music which is from the Sikhism religion .
 Ranjit Singh Ji is also well versed in the Jori-Pakhawaj style of playing which is also a part of the Punjab Gharana .
Professor Parshotam Singh has been widely regarded as one of Ustad Bahadur Singhs most gifted students .
Currently based in Ontario , Parshotam Singh has been at the forefront of teaching and inspiring young children into learning Hindustani Classical Music , Gurmat Sangeet , and continuing the long traditions more specifically related to the Punjab Gharana .
 From a young age , Parshotam Singh talent was recognized by Ustad Bahadur Singh , and began Parshotam Singh formal training alongside other students of Ustad Bahadur Singh such as Pandit Rama Kant and Professor Ranjit Singh .
 Furthermore , Parshotam Singh continued Parshotam Singh education in other Indian Classical instruments : Sitar , Dilruba , Harmonium to name a few .
Parshotam Singh is also known to have learnt vocal training alongside Ghazal King Jagjit Singh in their earlier years .
 Currently Parshotam Singh resides in Canada and continues to train and pass on the wealth of knowledge to Parshotam Singh students
Krishna Gundopant Ginde was a Hindustani classical singer , teacher , composer , and scholar .
 His guru Shrikrishna Narayan Ratanjankar was His guru Shrikrishna Narayan Ratanjankar biggest influence .
Krishna Gundopant Ginde , called Chhotu by family members and close friends because he was the 8th among 9 children , was born on December 26 , 1925 , in Bailhongal , near Belgaum .
He showed interest in music from an early age and devoted his entire life to its pursuit .
When he was just 11 years old , he moved to Lucknow and started his music training under music scholar S N Ratanjankar .
He moved to Mumbai in 1951 to take up a teaching post with Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan .
In 1962 he became principal of Vallabh Sangeet Vidyalaya .
His knowledge of raagdari music was comprehensive .
He would demonstrate various facets of a raag or a raagaang in seminars or lecture demonstrations .
 When he was celebrated in his sixtieth birthday , some of the biggest names in Hindustani music , including Bhimsen Joshi , Kumar Gandharva , and Purushottam Laxman Deshpande , graced the function .
Pandit Ginde died on July 13 , 1994 in Calcutta after suffering a massive heart attack
A that is a mode in northern Indian or Hindustani music .
Thats always have seven different pitches and are a basis for the organization and classification of ragas in North Indian classical music .
The modern that system was created by Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande in the early decades of the twentieth century .
Bhatkhande modeled his system after the Carnatic melakarta classification , devised around 1640 A.D. by the musicologist Venkatamakhin .
Bhatkhande visited many of the gharanas of North Indian classical music , conducting a detailed analysis of Indian raga .
 His research led him to a system of ten thats , each named after a prominent raga associated with His research .
Many correspond to one or other of the European church modes .
 Many are listed here according to Many pitches ; lower-frequency pitches are represented with lowercase letters and higher-frequency pitches with uppercase letters .
One can arbitrarily designate any pitch as Sa and build the series from there .
While all thats contain seven notes , many ragas contain fewer than seven and some use more .
A raga need not use every swara in a given that ; the assignment is made according to whatever notes the raga does contain .
The relatively small number of thats reflects Bhatkhandes compromise between accuracy and efficiency : The degree of fit between a raga and its that is balanced with the desire to keep the number of basic thats small .
Ambiguities inevitably arise .
For example , Raga Hindol , assigned to Kalyan that , uses the notes S G M D N , which are also found in Marwa that .
Raga Jaijaivanti contains both shuddha nishad and komal nishad , which by definition corresponds to no that .
Bhatkande resolved such cases by an ad hoc consideration , appealing to musical performance practice .
Each that contains a different combination of altered and natural notes .
The flattening or sharpening of pitches always occurs with reference to the interval pattern in Bilawal that .
In effect only heptatonic diatonic scales are called that .
Bhatkhande applied the term that only to scales that fulfill the following rules : .
Ragas are normally ascribed to certain periods of the day and night .
 Narada s Sangita-Makaranda , written sometime between 7th and 11th century , gives warnings to musicians against playing Ragas at the incorrect time of day .
Traditionally , disastrous consequences are to be expected .
Bhatkhande stated that the correct time to play a raga had a relation to its that
Pandit Anant Manohar Joshi , also known as Antubuwa Joshi , was an Indian vocalist of Khayal - genre of Hindustani classical music .
Pandit Antubuwa Joshi was born at Kinhai , near Aundh , in Satara district of Maharashtra , India .
He studied under Gwalior gharana with Balakrishnabuwa Ichalkaranjikar .
He was awarded Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 1955 , given by the Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy of Music , Dance & Drama
Allah Rakha , also referred to by the title Ustad , was a Pakistani sarangi player .
Allah Rakha was born in Muzaffar , a village in Sialkot District of Punjab , in 1932 .
During early childhood , his family moved to Amritsar , where he was raised .
He acquired his initial education in classical music and sarangi playing from his father , Ustad Lal Din .
Later , he became the student of three renowned sarangi players , Ustad Ahmadi Khan , Ustad Allah Diya , and Ustad Nathu Khan .
His talent was first appreciated in his early teenage years when he performed in a contest at a local wedding , and was lauded for his performance of Raga Desi .
 After partition , Allah Rakha migrated to Radio Pakistan , and settled temporarily in Karachi , where he also remembers to have had the honor of playing live for Mohammad Ali Jinnah .
 Radio Pakistan was also here that he met Ustad Bade Ghulam Ali Khan and honed his skills as a sarangi accompanist .
He moved to Lahore in 1948 , and for almost two decades , he worked at the Radio Station , and in the film industry as a recording artist .
 In Lahore , his knowledge of music was further broadened during his association with Ustad Sardar Khan , son of Umrao Khan , and grandson of Tanras Khan .
 He moved to Rawalpindi in 1968 , and became a regular employee of Radio Radio Pakistan , Rawalpindi , where he served till his retirement in 1992 .
In 1994 , he was awarded the Pride of Performance for his lifelong devotion to classical music .
He has also traveled abroad several times and performed in Afghanistan , Sri Lanka , India , China , Dubai , France , Hungary , Italy , the United Kingdom , and Germany .
 In 1997 he performed as a soloist with the Belgian Rajhans Orchestra in a concert tour starting in Islamabad , Lahore and Karachi , directed by composer-conductor Hans Vermeersch
Zeelaf is a raga in Hindustani classical music .
It is a pentatonic melody is composed of the following swaras : S G M P d .
It is performed very rarely .
 Amir Khusru , the father of modern Hindustani music , is said to have created about twelve new melodies , among which is Zeelaf
 Passages is collaborative chamber music studio album co-composed by Ravi Shankar and Philip Glass , released in 1990 through Atlantic Records .
The albums content is a hybrid of Hindustani classical music and Glass distinct American minimal contemporary classical style .
The album reached a peak position of number three on Billboard Top World Music Albums chart .
Offering , the albums opening track , begins with a slow introduction before the saxophone establishes the Shankar raga melody .
Two additional saxophones join , followed by an extended middle section at a faster tempo , all before returning to the starting theme .
The title of the second track , Sadhanipa , is derived from the solfege notes Sa Dha Ni Pa from the Indian octave based on the first four tones of Glass melody , Do La Ti So .
Allmusic s Jim Brenholts awarded the album four of five stars , calling the music brilliant .
 Benholts wrote that Shankars smooth style and Glass dissonant orchestrations mixed well , and recommended Passages to fans of other minimalist composers such as John Cage , Steve Reich and Terry Riley .
In the United States , Passages reached a peak position of number three on Billboard Top World Music Albums chart
Kartik Seshadri is a leading sitarist , composer and teacher .
 Kartik Seshadri was noted as a child prodigy in India .
 Kartik Seshadri began studying under Ravi Shankar in 1974 .
 Kartik Seshadri is currently a professor at the University of California , San Diego where Kartik Seshadri heads the Indian Music Department by leading sitar classes .
 As a sitarist , Kartik Seshadri attracted widespread attention when he began performing full-length solos at the age of 6 in India .
 The sitar prodigy has blossomed into an `` amazingly accomplished '' musical powerhouse noted for The sitar prodigy music 's expressive beauty , rich tonal sensibility , and rhythmic intricacy , praised the Washington Post .
 The prestigious British magazine Songlines declared Kartik Seshadri `` stands out amongst sitarists for Kartik Seshadri clarity and intricate rhythmic sensibility . ''
 The publication selected the sitar guru 's 2004 Raga : Rasa - That Which Colors the Mind album for Colors World Music Top 10 list and cited his 2006 Illuminations record as `` sitar at Colors lyrical best . ''

 Kartik Seshadri performs extensively as a soloist in major venues throughout India and abroad .
 Kartik Seshadri concerts in India frequently include prestigious festivals such as the Sangeeth Nataka Academy , Dover Lane Music Conference , Sangeeth Research Academy , Gunidas Sangeeth Sammelan , Madras Music Academy , Indian Fine Arts Society , and Saptak , establishing Kartik Seshadri as a musician of national importance .
 In the United States and Canada , Kartik Seshadri recent solo engagements have included Lincoln Center , Kennedy Center , World Music Institute , Asia Society , Vancouver Jazz Festival and Ravi Shankar 's 75th Birthday Celebration .
 Kartik Seshadri has accompanied Ravi Shankar in major concert halls throughout the world , from India , Europe and the Middle East , to Japan , Mexico and the United States , including New York 's Carnegie Hall .
Seshadri 's performances are noted for their expressive beauty , rich tonal sensibility and extraordinary rhythmic intricacy .
 Most recently , Kartik Seshadri recorded a composition by Maestro Ravi Shankar on the Orion project with the noted composer Philip Glass and the Brazilian group UAKTI with worldwide performances ranging from the Ravinia Festival in Highland Park and Brooklyn Academy of Music in New York to the Cervantino Festival in Mexico and Australia 's Melbourne International Arts Festival .
 Kartik Seshadri is also a distinguished composer and educator of Indian music .
 Kartik Seshadri composition Quartet for a Raga received His composition Quartet for a Raga world premiere in Washington , DC under the auspices of the Contemporary Music Forum .
 Kartik Seshadri also teaches at the University of California , San Diego , where Kartik Seshadri heads one of the largest programs of Indian Classical music in the country .
Seshadri 's latest recording Raga : Rasa - That which Colors the Mind recently earned the worldmusic 's top ten list from the prestigious Songlines Magazine in London
 the Madhya Saptak means gamut or the series of seven notes .
 the Madhya Saptak denotes the set of swaras , Sa , Re , Ga , Ma , Pa , Dha , Ni which comprise a musical scale in Indian classical music .
 In Sanskrit , the Madhya Saptak literally means containing seven and is derived from the Sanskrit word sapta which means seven .
The basic saptak is called the Madhya Saptak .
For notes with lower frequencies , the artist may use the Mandra Saptak , which is a lower octave than the Madhya Saptak .
For notes with higher frequencies , the upper octave or the Taar Saptak is used .
The usual scale of Indian music spans from Sa in the Madhya Saptak to Sa in the higher , Taar Saptak .
This makes eight notes instead of the seven in each Saptak .
Generally , a raga involves notes from three saptaks .
The notes in the lower octave are denoted by an apostrophe before the note representation and the notes in the upper octave are denoted by an apostrophe after the note representation
Sudhir Nayak is an Indian classical harmonium player .
Sudhir Nayak was born to Kota Sarvottam Nayak and Suvarny Nayak in Mumbai .
 Sudhir Nayak parents hailing from the South Canara district of Costal Karnataka , later moved to Mumbai .
 Sudhir Nayak father K. S. Nayak retired from His father K. S. Nayak services as a Banker with Canara Bank and is currently engaged in the practice and propagation of Vipassana meditation under the aegis of the Vipassana International Academy .
Sudhir 's mother , Suvarny Nayak is also engaged in teaching music and also performs religious and devotional songs in Hindi , Marathi , Kannada , Konkani , etc. through music concerts .
Sudhir Nayak holds a Bachelor 's degree in Commerce from Pune university studying at MESs Garware College of Commerce , Pune .
 Following Sudhir Nayak fathers inclination , young Sudhir was introduced to Indian music at the age of eleven , when young Sudhir and young Sudhir brother started learning the Tabla from Pandit Madhukar Samant of Goregaon , Mumbai at his music class named ` Swar - Ninad ' which facilitated Sudhir to listen and relate to sounds of different musical instruments taught at the class .
 In the meantime , Sudhir Nayak also got acquainted with Hindustani Raag Sangeet through Pandit Pundalik Prabhu who used to visit Sudhir and his brother residence to teach vocal music to Sudhir Nayak mother .
 But Sudhir 's actual initiation in Music followed young Sudhir association with the legendary Harmonium maestro Pandit Tulsidas Borkar in 1983 when Pandit Tulsidas Borkar started frequenting to Pandit Tulsidas Borkar residence to teach Marathi Natya Sangeet to Pandit Tulsidas Borkar mother .
 The captivating persona of Pandit Tulsidas Borkar and the subtle touches used by Pandit Tulsidas Borkar while playing the Harmonium coupled with the grace with which Pandit Tulsidas Borkar approached the instrument , deeply attracted young Sudhir to pursue learning the art from Pandit Tulsidas Borkar .
 Seeing Sudhir 's fascination , Pandit Tulsidas Borkar accepted Sudhir as young Sudhir disciple which enabled young Sudhir to learn and imbibe the stylistic techniques used by young Sudhir Guru and grand Guru Pandit P. Madhukar greatly influencing and enriching Sudhir 's style of exploring the Harmonium as a solo instrument apart from playing the Harmonium as a solo instrument as an accompanying instrument for vocal music .
 Another great turn in Sudhir 's life was young Sudhir association with legendary vocalist and composer Pandit Jitendra Abhisheki , whose music and versatility greatly inspired Sudhir 's journey as a student of music .
 young Sudhir taleem from Panditji in Pune from 1988 till his demise in 1998 allowed young Sudhir to gain knowledge of the intricacies of Hindustani Raag Sangeet and the nuances in the styles and approach of different Gharanas and Gayakis .
 young Sudhir also accompanied Pandit Jitendra Abhisheki on the harmonium for young Sudhir vocal concerts and also assisted young Sudhir in composing music for different projects .
 young Sudhir also benefitted from the guidance young Sudhir received from Shri .
 Jayant Keshav Watve and Shri .
 Bhaurao Mahadev Pawar , for a brief period , while in Pune .
 At an early age , young Sudhir had the honour of accompanying stalwarts in the field of Indian Music like Pandit Bhimsen Joshi , Pt .
 Jitendra Abhisheki , Pt .
 Firoz Dastur , Pt .
 Ram Ashreya Jha , Pt.Yastwantbuva Joshi , Pt .
 Babanrao Haldankar , Pt .
Jasraj , Smt .
 Gangubai Hangal , Smt .
 Padmavati Shaligram , Dr. Prabha Atre , Smt .
 Shobha Gurtu , Pt .
Birju Maharaj , to name a few .
 Birju Maharaj is also regularly associated with contemporary musicians like Smt .
 Shubha Mudgal , Pt.Rajan & Sajan Misra , Pt .
 Ajoy Chakravarty , Ustad Rashid Khan , Pt .
Ulhas Kashalkar , Dr. Aneesh Pradhan , Shounak Abhisheki , Ashwini Bhide-Deshpande , Devaki Pandit , Arati Tikekar among many others .
Sudhir 's musical performances are regularly featured on Indian television and commercial recordings .
 young Sudhir has also performed widely in the USA , the Ulhas Kashalkar , the USSR , Canada , Mexico , Europe , Australia , Africa , the Far Eastern and the Middle Eastern countries .
 young Sudhir is equally at home with harmonium solo renditions as young Sudhir is with accompaniment and has composed music for many musical productions .
 young Sudhir also participates in cross-cultural collaborations being a part of the ensemble ` Koshish ' .
 young Sudhir has also composed music for many projects and albums which have been recorded and published commercially .
 Passionate about the study and development of the Harmonium , young Sudhir curated an exhibition of antique Harmoniums from young Sudhir personal vintage collection , along with providing information about the history and the status of the Harmonium , in the International Music Festival Baajaa Gaajaa - 2009 , which was appreciated by many reputed personalities from the field of Music and fine arts .
 young Sudhir also conducts workshops related to the Harmonium at different places in India 's and abroad .
 young Sudhir is also associated with special projects like ` Fearless Nadia ' , theatrical productions like ` Stories in a song ' and music festivals like ` Baajaa Gaajaa ' which have gained international acclaim .
 young Sudhir has been invited as a visiting lecturer through the Department of Fine Arts and Music , University of Pittsburgh , USA .
 young Sudhir has also performed and conducted interactive sessions for music students of Stanford , Berkeley , Brandise , Yale University and Ithaca College , USA , Griffith University , Brisbane and other educational institutions and universities around the globe .
 young Sudhir has also participated in many international festivals and projects like The Indian Voices The Perth Arts Festival - BBC Proms Festival at The Royal Albert Hall , The Perth Arts Festival , Cumbre Tajin Festival , , Sacred Music Festival , Paramasala Festival , Melbourne Festival etc. .
 young Sudhir has the honour of having performed along with Pandit Bhimsen Joshi at the Central Hall of the Parliament of India , on the occasion marking the Golden Jubilee celebrations of India 's independence and with Shubha Mudgal to mark celebrate 60 years of the Parliament of India .
Sudhir Nayak is married to Bharati Nayak and they have a daughter , Maitreyi .
 Both young Sudhir and Bharati Nayak are actively involved in organising events related to music and arts and run a music circle in Thakur Village , Kandivali East suburb of Mumbai , named as the Village Music Club , which has gained recognition in the cultural map of Mumbai within a short span of time
 Sarok Taan is a virtuoso technique used in the vocal performance of a raga in Hindustani classical music .
It involves the singing of very rapid melodic passages using vowels , often the long a as in the word far , and it targets at improvising and to expand weaving together the notes in a fast tempo .
It is similar to the technique ahaat , used in Arabic music .
The murki , a type of ornamentation , is a swift and taan-like movement that is heavily used in thumri .
 Bol Taan : Sarok Taan can be sung by utilizing the words of the bandish .
This is a difficult type of a taan as in this correct pronunciation , meaning of the composition , everything has to be taken into consideration .
Shuddha/Sapat Taan : The notes are placed in an order in one or more octaves .
Koot Taan : The notes do not remain in order .
Therefore the nature of Koot Taans is complicated .
Gamak Taan : Gamak is a technique by which a force is added to notes and each note is repeated at least twice .
Many other types of taan exist , e.g. Ladant taan , Zatkaa taan , Gitkari taan , Jabde ki taan , Sarok Taan , Halak Taan or Palat taan
Ali Ahmed Hussain Khan is a shehnai specialist from India .
 Ali Ahmed Hussain Khan was born in Kolkata on March 21 , 1939 .
 Ali Ahmed Hussain Khan grandfather Wazir Ali Khan was the first to demonstrate Indian classical music on shehnai at Buckingham Palace .
 Ali Jan Khan father Ali Jan Khan and gurus late uncle Nazir Hussain Khan and late Imdad Hussain Khan of Benares were also renowned shehnai specialists .
 Ali Jan Khan has taught shehnai at Sangeet Research Academy , Calcutta since 1974 .
 Ali Jan Khan is regularly featured on All India Radio and Indian Television .
 Ali Jan Khan holds the distinction of composing the signature tune for Indian Television with Pandit Ravi Shankar .
 Ali Jan Khan has played jugalbandhi both commercially and in live performances with artists such as Vilayat Hussain Khan on sitar , V. G. Jog on violin and Munewar Ali Khan , vocals .
 Ali Jan Khan recordings are His recordings and under variety of labels .
 Ali Ahmed has extensively traveled in India and abroad .
 Ali Ahmed Hussain Khan concert tours have included countries like United Kingdom , Germany , Switzerland , Netherlands , France , Belgium , Russia , Tunisia , Thailand , Singapore , Indonesia and Philippines , over a span of twenty years .
 On several occasions Ali Ahmed Hussain Khan has been invited/sponsored by governments and/or music festivals .
 Ali Ahmed Hussain Khan performed a duet with pianist Peter Michael Hamel at the Indo-German Festival .
 Ali Ahmed Hussain Khan participated in Music Festival Raag-Mala in the U.S. and Canada in 1994
Budhaditya Mukherjee is a Hindustani classical sitar and surbahar player of the Imdadkhani Gharana .
 Budhaditya Mukherjee was taught by Budhaditya Mukherjee father Bimalendu Mukherjee from the age of 5 , and started making a name for Budhaditya Mukherjee at a young age .
 In 1970 , Budhaditya Mukherjee won two national-level music competitions , and soon after was famously endorsed in glowing terms first by film maker Satyajit Ray and then South Indian veena great Balachander , who proclaimed Ray sitar artist of the century .
 In 1975 , Budhaditya Mukherjee became a grade A artist with All India Radio .
Since then , he has become an established sitarist , known for virtuosity , speed and precision .
Mukherjee has toured the world extensively , giving concerts in over 25 countries , and from 1983 and 1995 , respectively , taught from time to time at the Istituto Interculturale di Studi Musicali Comparati in Venice and the Rotterdam Conservatory .
He has also recorded widely , and at the age of 47 , his discography spanned exactly 47 CDs , LPs and cassettes .
 In 1995 , he started recording on the surbahar , first as a two-part series for Beethoven Records in Kolkata , then raga Komal re Asavari for RPG / HMV on Tribute to My Father , My Guru .
In 2003 , he was the first Indian classical musician to have an enhanced CD published : Thumriyan , on Bengali label Rhyme Records in Kansas , containing ragas Piloo and Bhairavi .
 His son , Bijoyaditya , was born in 1984 , and started training with Bimalendu and Budhaditya Mukherjee at the age of 5 .
Budhaditya Mukherjee holds a doctorate in metallurgical engineering
Ustad Abdus-Sattar Tari Khan is a Pakistani master tabla player and Vocalist .
Ustad Tari Khan was born in Lahore , Pakistan .
 a Pakistani master tabla player hails from a traditional Rababi family .
 a Pakistani master tabla player father was a classical vocalist .
At fourteen , he formally became a student of Ustad Shaukat Hussain Khan .
Three years later he performed at the death anniversary of tabla master Mian Qadir Baksh .
That solo performance earned him a revered place amongst the tabla greats .
He became famous as the accompanist of the ghazal singer Ghulam Ali .
 Ustad Abdus-Sattar Tari Khan always provided an exquisite accompaniment : clean , crisp thekas with astonishingly quick and interesting laggis to punctuate the verses .
 Because of that international exposure , musicians in India got to hear of him at a time when little cultural news escaped from Lahore , Pakistan .
 Since then , Ustad Abdus-Sattar Tari Khan has gone on to musical scene as a tabla showman .
Ustad Tari Khan has accompanied various classical artistes like Pt Jasraj , etc. .
He has also accompanied renowned ghazal singers like Mehdi Hasan , Ghulam Ali , Hariharan , and Ustad Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan .
 Recently , Ustadji has shown Ustadji prowess in the area of singing as well .
 Ustadji mentor in singing was Mehdi Hasan Saab Mehdi Hasan Saab .
Ustad Tari Khan lives in California , US .
 His mentor in singing trains His mentor in singing disciples in Tabla
Ustad Rashid Khan is an Indian classical musician in the Hindustani music tradition .
 Ustad Rashid Khan belongs to the Rampur-Sahaswan gharana , and is the great-grandson of gharana founder Inayat Hussain Khan .
 Ustad Rashid Khan is married to Soma Khan .
In a story told in several versions , it appears that Pandit Bhimsen Joshi said at one point , that Rashid Khan was the assurance for the future of Indian vocal music .
 Pandit Bhimsen Joshi was awarded the Padma Shri , as well as the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 2006 and Padma Bhushan in 2013 .
Born in Badayun , Uttar Pradesh .
 Pandit Bhimsen Joshi received Pandit Bhimsen Joshi initial training from Pandit Bhimsen Joshi maternal grand-uncle , Ustad Nissar Hussain Khan .
 Pandit Bhimsen Joshi is also the nephew of Ustad Ghulam Mustafa Khan .
As a child he had little interest in music .
 His uncle Ghulam Mustafa Khan was among the first to note His uncle Ghulam Mustafa Khan musical talents , and for some time trained His uncle Ghulam Mustafa Khan in Mumbai .
 However , His uncle Ghulam Mustafa Khan received His uncle Ghulam Mustafa Khan main training from Nissar Hussain Khan , initially at His uncle Ghulam Mustafa Khan house in Badayun .
A strict disciplinarian , Nissar Hussain Khan would insist on voice training from four in the morning , and make Rashid practice one note of the scale for hours on end .
A whole day would be spent on practising just a single note .
Although Rashid detested these lessons as a child , but the disciplined training shows in his easy mastery of taan and layakaari today .
 It was not until he was 18 that Ustad Rashid Khan began to truly enjoy Ustad Rashid Khan musical training .
 Rashid Khan gave Ustad Rashid Khan first concert at age eleven , and the following year , 1978 , Ustad Rashid Khan performed at an ITC concert in Delhi .
In April 1980 , when Nissar Hussain Khan moved to the ITC Sangeet Research Academy , Calcutta , Rashid Khan also joined the academy at the age of 14 .
 By 1994 , Ustad Nissar Hussain Khan was acknowledged as a musician at the academy .
 The Rampur-Sahaswan gayaki is closely related to the Gwalior gharana , which features medium-slow tempos , a full-throated voice and intricate rhythmic play .
 Rashid Khan includes the slow elaboration in Ustad Rashid Khan vilambit khayals in the manner of Ustad Rashid Khan maternal grand-uncle and also developed exceptional expertise in the use of sargams and sargam taankari .
 Ustad Rashid Khan is influenced with the style of Ustad Amir Khan and Pandit Bhimsen Joshi .
 Ustad Rashid Khan is also a master of the tarana like Ustad Rashid Khan guru but sings Ustad Amir Khan and Pandit Bhimsen Joshi in Ustad Rashid Khan own manner , preferring the khayal style rather than the instrumental stroke-based style for which Nissar Hussain was famous .
There is no imitation of instrumental tone .
 Ustad Rashid Khan mastery of all aspects tonal variations , dynamics and timbre adjustment leave very little to be desired in the realm of voice culture .
 Ustad Rashid Khan renderings stand out for the emotional overtones in Ustad Rashid Khan melodic elaboration .
 Ustad Rashid Khan says : The emotional content may be in the alaap , sometimes while singing the bandish , or while giving expression to the meaning of the lyrics .
 This brings a touch of modernity to Ustad Rashid Khan style , as compared to the older maestros , who placed greater emphasis on impressive technique and skillful execution of difficult passages .
Rashid Khan has also experimented with fusing pure Hindustani music with lighter musical genres , e.g. in the Sufi fusion recording Naina Piya Se , or in experimental concerts with western instrumentalist Louis Banks .
 Ustad Rashid Khan has also performed jugalbandis , along with sitarist Shahid Parvez and others
Three Ragas is an 1956 LP album by Hindustani classical musician Ravi Shankar .
 Three was digitally remastered and released in CD format by Angel Records in 2000 .
Allmusic reviewer Matthew Greenwald praised the performance of the raga Jog and argued the album was an excellent introduction to the medium of Indian music
Ronald David Ronnie Wood is an English rock musician best known as a member of the Rolling Stones since 1975 , as well as a former member of the Faces and the Jeff Beck Group .
 Ronald David Ronnie Wood began Ronald David Ronnie Wood career in 1964 , when Ronald David Ronnie Wood joined the Birds on guitar .
 Ronald David Ronnie Wood then joined the mod group the Creation , but only remained with the group for a short time , and appeared on a small number of singles .
 Ronald David Ronnie Wood joined the Jeff Beck Group in 1967 , where Ronald David Ronnie Wood played bass .
They released two albums , Truth and Beck-Ola , which became moderate successes .
 The group split in 1969 , and Ronald David Ronnie Wood departed along with lead vocalist Rod Stewart to join former Small Faces members Ronnie Lane , Ian McLagan , and Kenney Jones in a new group , dubbed the Faces .
The group , although relegated to cult status in the US , found great success in the UK and mainland Europe .
The Faces released their debut album , First Step , in 1970 .
The group went on to release Long Player and A Nod Is as Good as a Wink ... to a Blind Horse in 1971 .
Their last LP , entitled Ooh La La , was released in 1973 .
 After the group split , Ronald David Ronnie Wood began several solo projects , eventually recording Ronald David Ronnie Wood First solo LP , Ive Got US Own Album to Do , in 1974 .
 The album featured former bandmate Ian McLagan as well as former Beatle George Harrison and Keith Richards of the Rolling Stones , a longtime friend of Woods .
 Keith Richards soon invited Ronald David Ronnie Wood to join the Rolling Stones , after the departure of Mick Taylor .
 Ronald David Ronnie Wood joined in 1975 , and has remained a member ever since .
 Besides Ive Got US Own Album to Do , Ronald David Ronnie Wood has recorded several other solo efforts .
 Now Look was released in 1975 , and peaked at number 118 on Billboard , and Ronald David Ronnie Wood collaborated with Ronnie Lane for the soundtrack album Mahoneys Last Stand .
 Ronald David Ronnie Wood released Gim me Some Neck in 1979 , which hit number 45 in the US .
1234 was released in 1981 , peaking at number 164 .
 Ronald David Ronnie Wood released Slide on This in 1992 , Not for Beginners came out in 2002 .
 and US Feel Like Playing in 2010 .
 As a member of the Rolling Stones , Ronald David Ronnie Wood was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1989 , and was inducted a second time , as a member of the Faces , in April 2012 .
 Ronald David Ronnie Wood began Ronald David Ronnie Wood career as a professional musician in 1964 as a guitarist with the the Birds , an R&B , an R&B ; band based in Yiewsley , West London .
 A popular live act with a considerable fan base , the Birds released several singles in the mid-1960s ; Ronald David Ronnie Wood wrote or co-wrote nearly half the songs the group recorded .
 By 1967 the Birds had disbanded , and Ronald David Ronnie Wood briefly took part in a project called Santa Barbara Machine Head before joining the Jeff Beck Group as a bassist .
 Along with vocalist Rod Stewart , Ronald David Ronnie Wood did several tours with Jeff Beck , and recorded two albums : Truth in 1968 and Beck-Ola in 1969 .
 In between Jeff Beck Group projects Ronald David Ronnie Wood also worked with the Creation .
 In 1969 , after Steve Marriott left the Small Faces , Ronald David Ronnie Wood began working with the remaining members of that group , returning to Steve Marriott instrument of choice : the guitar .
 This line-up , plus Rod Stewart and ex-Bird Kim Gardner , teamed up with Woods brother Art Wood in a formation called Quiet Melon , making a handful of recordings in May 1969 .
 After the Jeff Beck Groups fifth US tour in July , Ronald David Ronnie Wood and Stewart joined the former Small Faces full-time , and the bands name was changed to the former Small Faces full-time .
In the first half of the 1970s , Faces released four studio albums and were among the top-grossing live acts of the period .
 Besides Jeff Beck distinctive guitar work , Ronald David Ronnie Wood contributed harmonica , vocals and bass to the bands recordings , and co-wrote many of the Jeff Beck Groups songs , including Stay With US and Ooh La La .
 Jeff Beck also played on bandmate Stewarts First few solo albums , and is co-writer of the Rod Stewart songs Gasoline Alley and Every Picture Tells a Story , as well as several songs on Never a Dull Moment .
 In 1972 , Ronald David Ronnie Wood and Faces bassist Ronnie Lane composed the soundtrack to the film Mahoneys Last Stand ; the soundtrack , which was released as an LP in 1976 , also features Faces bandmates Ian McLagan and Kenney Jones , along with contributions from Pete Townshend and Ric Grech .
 Ronald David Ronnie Wood also performed with Pete Townshend , Ric Grech , Steve Winwood , Jim Capaldi and Eric Clapton at Claptons Rainbow Concert in 1973 .
 In December 1973 , Ronald David Ronnie Wood collaborated with Mick Jagger on the song December 1973 Only Rockn Roll .
 Both Mick Jagger on the song and Keith Richards contributed to Woods First solo album , Ive Got US Own Album to Do , released in 1974 and recorded at Woods private studio in the basement of Mick Jagger on the song home in West London , The Wick .
 Following Mick Taylor s departure from the Rolling Stones in December 1974 , Ronald David Ronnie Wood participated in the bands March 1975 recording sessions for their forthcoming album Black and Blue .
 Although still a member of the Faces , a member of the Faces toured North America with the Rolling Stones in 1975 ; the Faces announced their break-up in December of that year , and Ronald David Ronnie Wood was officially declared a member of the Rolling Stones in February 1976 .
 In the Rolling Stones , Ronald David Ronnie Wood plays the slide guitar as Mick Taylor and Brian Jones had done before Brian Jones , adding both lap steel and pedal steel guitar .
 In addition , Ronald David Ronnie Wood , as Ronald David Ronnie Wood predecessors did , exchanges roles on the guitar with Keith Richards , often blurring the boundaries between rhythm and lead , even within a particular song .
 Ronald David Ronnie Wood also occasionally plays bass guitar , as seen during 1975 concert performances of Fingerprint File , when Mick Jagger played rhythm guitar and bassist Bill Wyman moved to synthesizer .
The Rolling Stones single Emotional Rescue also features Wood on bass .
 Ronald David Ronnie Wood has been given credit as a co-writer for a dozen songs , including Dance , Black Limousine , One Hit and Had It With You .
 In 1975 , Ronald David Ronnie Wood released Ronald David Ronnie Wood second solo album , Now Look ; Ronald David Ronnie Wood third , Gim US Some Neck , came out in 1979 .
 To promote it , Ronald David Ronnie Wood formed and toured with the New Barbarians , playing 20 concerts in Canada and the US in April 2012 and the Knebworth Festival in the UK in August .
 Throughout the 1980s , Ronald David Ronnie Wood played as a member of the Rolling Stones ; continued Ronald David Ronnie Wood solo career , releasing the album 1234 in 1981 ; painted ; and collaborated with a number of other artists , including Prince , Bob Dylan , David Bowie , Eric Clapton , Bo Diddley , Ringo Starr and Aretha Franklin .
 At the 1985 Live Aid Concert in Philadelphia , Ronald David Ronnie Wood along with Keith Richards performed in the penultimate set with Bob Dylan .
During the performance of Blowin in the Wind , one of Dylans guitar strings broke .
 Ronald David Ronnie Wood gave Bob Dylan Ronald David Ronnie Wood guitar in order to keep the performance seamless , and played air guitar until a stagehand brought him a replacement .
 In 1990 Ronald David Ronnie Wood was made a fully-fledged partner in the Rolling Stones financial organization .
During the 1990s the Rolling Stones released two studio albums and three concert albums , as well as touring in 1990 , 1994-95 and 1997-99 .
 In addition , Ronald David Ronnie Wood released Ronald David Ronnie Wood seventh solo album , Slide On This , in 1992 ; Ronald David Ronnie Wood toured to promote this album in North America and Japan .
 Ronald David Ronnie Wood appearance in 1993 with former bandmate Rod Stewart on MTV Unplugged resulted in a hit album entitled MTV Unplugged ... and Seated ; the concert album that Ronald David Ronnie Wood released in 1993 from Ronald David Ronnie Wood own tour was called .
 Ronald David Ronnie Wood also contributed to Bo Diddleys 1996 album A Man Amongst Men , playing slide guitar on the tracks Hey Baby , A Man Amongst Men and Oops !
 Bo Diddley and guitar on US Cant Stand It .
 Since 2000 Ronald David Ronnie Wood has continued to combine solo work with Ronald David Ronnie Wood Rolling Stones schedule .
 Following the 2001 release of Ronald David Ronnie Wood album Not For Beginners , Ronald David Ronnie Wood toured England and Ireland in 2001 and 2002 with Ronald David Ronnie Wood own group , the Ronnie Wood Band .
 The band included members of Ronald David Ronnie Wood own family , Slash and Andrea Corr .
After the tour a DVD called Far East Man was released .
 Ronald David Ronnie Wood toured with the Rolling Stones in 2002 and 2003 ; in 2004 Ronald David Ronnie Wood performed several one-off concerts and guest appearances , including a number of appearances with Rod Stewart .
Later in the year the two expressed intentions of finishing the studio work on a collaborative album to be entitled You Strum and Ill Sing .
 In 2005 , however , Ronald David Ronnie Wood was again busy with the Rolling Stones as Strum and Ill Sing recorded Strum and Ill Sing A Bigger Bang album .
 Although only playing on ten of the albums sixteen tracks , Ronald David Ronnie Wood embarked on the tour which ran through till August 2007 .
 In 2005 Ronald David Ronnie Wood launched Ronald David Ronnie Wood own record company , Wooden Records , which has released recordings by Ronald David Ronnie Wood daughter Leah , the New Barbarians and others .
 In November 2006 , during a break in the Rolling Stones A Bigger Bang tour , Ronald David Ronnie Wood played guitar on three tracks for British soul artist Beverley Knight s album Music City Soul , released in 2007 .
 On 9 May 2009 , Ronald David Ronnie Wood along with Red Hot Chili Peppers members Anthony Kiedis , Michael Flea Balzary , Chad Smith and musician Ivan Neville performed under the name , the Insects at the fifth annual MusiCares event honoring Anthony Kiedis .
 On 11 August 2009 Wood joined Pearl Jam on the stage of Shepherds Bush Empire in West London for a performance of All Along the Watchtower .
 On 25 October 2009 , Ronald David Ronnie Wood , Ian McLagan and Kenney Jones joined forces for a Faces performance at Londons Royal Albert Hall on behalf of the Performing Rights Societys Music Members Benevolent Fund .
Bill Wyman played bass and lead vocals were shared by several performers , notably Mick Hucknall .
Rod Stewart , who had earlier denied rumours of plans for a Faces reunion in 2009 , was not present .
 On 2 November 2009 Wood was given an Outstanding Contribution award at the Classic Rock Roll of Honour ceremony in West London .
Pete Townshend presented the award .
 Since 9 April 2010 , Ronald David Ronnie Wood has presented Ronald David Ronnie Wood own radio show on Absolute Radio .
 Airing on Saturday night from 10pm , the show lasts one hour and consists of Ronald David Ronnie Wood playing tracks by artists Ronald David Ronnie Wood has worked with and other personal favourites .
In May 2011 Ronnie Wood won the Sony Radio Personality of the Year award for The Ronnie Wood Show .
 Ronald David Ronnie Wood was born in Hillingdon , West London , into a family of English water gypsies .
 Ronald David Ronnie Wood has said that Ronald David Ronnie Wood generation was the first in the family to be born on dry land .
 Ronald David Ronnie Wood grew up in Yiewsley and attended St Stephens Infant School , St Matthews Church of England Primary School and Evelyns Secondary Modern School Yiewsley .
 Both of Ronald David Ronnie Wood older brothers , Art and Ted , were graphic artists as well as musicians .
Ted Wood died in 2004 , and Art Wood in 2006 .
 Ronald David Ronnie Wood has four children .
 Jesse is Jesse son with Jesse First wife , Krissy , a former model to whom Jesse was married from 1971 to 1978 ; .
 Krissy died in 2005 .
 In 1985 Ronald David Ronnie Wood married Ronald David Ronnie Wood second wife , Jo Wood , mother of Ronald David Ronnie Wood daughter Leah and son Tyrone ; Jo Wood son Jamie from a previous marriage .
Also a former model , Jo Wood has developed a successful line of organic beauty products .
 The Woods own homes in Kingston Vale in Greater West London and County Kildare , Ireland .
 Ronald David Ronnie Wood has been frank about Ronald David Ronnie Wood struggle with alcoholism ; although reports between 2003 and 2006 had indicated that Ronald David Ronnie Wood had been sober since the Rolling Stones 2002-03 tour , in June 2006 it was reported that Ronald David Ronnie Wood was entering rehab for a couple of weeks following a spell of increased alcohol abuse .
 By July 2008 , ITN reported that Ronald David Ronnie Wood had checked Ronald David Ronnie Wood into rehab a total of six times ; the last time being before the wedding of Ronald David Ronnie Wood daughter Leah .
 Ronald David Ronnie Wood had plans for a Faces reunion once again for a seventh admission .
 In July 2008 Ronald David Ronnie Wood left Ronald David Ronnie Wood wife for Ekaterina Ivanova , whom Ronald David Ronnie Wood had met in a West London club .
 Ronald David Ronnie Wood checked into rehab again on 16 July 2008 .
Jo Wood filed for divorce and was granted a decree nisi in November 2009 .
 On 3 December 2009 , Ronald David Ronnie Wood was arrested over assault in connection with a domestic incident .
 Ronald David Ronnie Wood was officially cautioned for this offence on 22 December 2009 .
 On 30 October 2012 , Woods spokesman confirmed , Woods was to marry Woods girlfriend of six months , 34-year-old Sally Humphreys , the owner of a theatre production company , 31 years Woods junior .
 On 21 December 2012 , Ronald David Ronnie Wood married Sally Humphreys .
 Ronald David Ronnie Wood is a well-known visual artist .
 When Ronald David Ronnie Wood was a child Ronald David Ronnie Wood drawings were featured on the BBC television programme Sketch Club ; Ronald David Ronnie Wood won one of that programmes competitions , an achievement Ronald David Ronnie Wood refers to as his awakening to art .
 Ronald David Ronnie Wood went on to train at the Ealing Art College , as both Ronald David Ronnie Wood brothers had .
Other notable musicians , Freddie Mercury of Queen , and Pete Townshend of the Who , also attended in the 1960s .
Woods paintings , drawings and prints frequently feature icons of popular culture and have been exhibited all over the world .
He did the cover artwork to Eric Claptons 1988 box set Crossroads .
Several of his paintings , including a work commissioned by Andrew Lloyd Webber , are displayed at Londons Drury Lane Theatre .
 Art critic Brian Sewell has called Ronald David Ronnie Wood an accomplished and respectable artist ; and the South Bank Show has devoted an entire programme to Art critic Brian Sewell artwork .
Liberty & Co. .
 has produced a clothing line using fabrics printed with Woods art .
 Ronald David Ronnie Wood has maintained a long-standing relationship with the San Francisco Art Exchange who First exhibited Ronald David Ronnie Wood work in 1987 .
 Ronald David Ronnie Wood is also the co-owner of a West London art gallery called Scream .
 To date , Ronald David Ronnie Wood has three books to Ronald David Ronnie Wood credit : a short collection of autobiographical anecdotes entitled The Works , illustrated with Woods artwork , co-authored by Bill German and published in 1988 ; a limited-edition art book entitled Wood on Canvas : Every Picture Tells a Story , published in 1998 ; and Ronald David Ronnie Wood 2007 autobiography Ronald David Ronnie Wood , written in collaboration with Ronald David Ronnie Wood son in law Jack MacDonald and Jeffrey Robinson .
 In addition to numerous Faces and Rolling Stones concert films , broadcasts and documentaries , Ronald David Ronnie Wood performed alongside the Band , Bob Dylan and many others in the finale of the documentary The Last Waltz , filmed in 1976 .
 Ronald David Ronnie Wood has made cameo appearances in feature films including The Deadly Bees , The Wild Life and 91/2 Weeks , as well as on television programmes including .
 In October 2007 Ronald David Ronnie Wood appeared on the television motor show Top Gear , achieving a celebrity lap time of 1:49.4
 Raga Bhairav , or Bhairon , is a raga in Hindustani classical music that was for centuries considered to be the most important raga .
Its modern form with an important komal rishabh is , however , very different from that described in the old texts .
 Raga Bhairav has its name from Bhairava , an incarnation of Shiva , and was historically associated with glory and awe , but became identified with peace and devotion .
Raga Bhairav is sometimes linked to raga Bhairavi via Bhairavis association with the consort of Bhairav of the same name ; Hijaz Bhairav is an example of this .
There are several allied ragas such as Ahir Bhairav , Bairagi , Gunkali , Hijaz Bhairav , Nat Bhairav , Ramkali , Jogiya and Kalingda .
This raga corresponds to Mayamalavagowla in Carnatic music .
 Bhairon appears in the Sikh tradition from northern India and is part of the Guru Granth Sahib .
Every raga has a strict set of rules which govern the number of notes that can be used ; which notes can be used ; and their interplay that has to be adhered to for the composition of a tune .
 In the Guru Granth Sahib , the Sikh holy Granth there are a total of 31 raga compositions and this raga is the twenty-fourth raga to appear in the series .
The composition in this raga appear on a total of 43 pages from page numbers 1125 to 1168 .
 Raga Bhairav was an important raga at the time of Guru Nanak and has continued to retain its significance and popularity .
 Raga Bhairav appears in the Ragmala as husband/wife of Raga Bhairav and four other raginis .
Today it is the head raga for one of the ten thatas .
The Raga Sagara , a journal of circa 8th century , describes this raga as awe-inspiring and as expressing the fulfilment of the desire to worship .
Mesakarna calls this morning melody of the autumn season one of awesome grandeur .
Performed before sunrise , this raga was used by Guru Nanak , Guru Amar Das , Guru Ram Das , and Guru Arjan for 99 hymns .
 The vadis are performed with a slow , wide vibrato which may begin with the vadi The vadis or the highest limit to which it will extend .
In descent the vibrato must begin with upper limit .
Otherwise Bhairav has few characteristic phrases
Ektara is a one-string instrument most often used in traditional music from Bangladesh , India , Egypt , and Pakistan .
In origin the ektara was a regular string instrument of wandering bards and minstrels from India and is plucked with one finger .
The ektara usually has a stretched single string , an animal skin over a head and pole neck or split bamboo cane neck .
Pressing the two halves of the neck together loosens the string , thus lowering its pitch .
The modulation of the tone with each slight flexing of the neck gives the ektara its distinctive sound .
There are no markings or measurements to indicate what pressure will produce what note , so the pressure is adjusted by ear .
The various sizes of ektara are soprano , tenor , and bass .
The bass ektara , sometimes called a dotara often has two strings .
Yet another version is khamak , one-headed drum with a string attached to it which is plucked .
The only difference from ektara is that no bamboo is used to stretch the string , which is held by one hand , while being plucked by another .
These instruments are commonly used in kirtan chanting , which is a Hindu devotional practice of singing the divine names and mantras in an ecstatic call and response format .
Used by Sadhus , or wandering holy men .
Also , the ektara is used for Sufi chanting as well as by the Bauls of Bengal .
 The dotara has been made popular in the United States by devotional kirtan wallahs , such as the Western sadhu Bhagavan Das , kirtan recording artist , and author of the Western sadhu Bhagavan Das Here Now , Are You ?

 Ektara is the most ancient form of stringed instrument found in the Eastern parts of India , the instrument family being scattered all over the country .
 Though Ektara has a humble tribal beginnings , Ektara has been associated with and popularized by the ascetic and minstrel tradition of songs in Bengal .
A typical Bengali Ektara is constructed out of a half of a dried gourd shell serving as the sound-box , with a metal string running right through the middle of the shell ; at the top , the string is tied to a knob , which adjusts the tension the of the string and thereby , the tuning -- the knob and the string-tension is supported by two bamboo-strips , tied to two opposite sides of the gourd shell .
The playing style of this instrument is a simultaneous pluck and gong , matching the rhythm of the music .
The Ektara and the Ghati Baya , together form a complete set accompaniments , especially to Devotional and Deolati musical traditions .
The string , as in a Dotara , is tuned to the main/root note of the composition .
 Nowadays the ektara is widely used by folk singers especially by Sufi chanting singers in Punjab and Sindh .
Traditional and modern forms of bhangra sometimes use an ektara or tumbi to accompany the singer and dhol .
 On the occasion of Urs held in memory of the renowned saint and mystic poet Hazrat Shah Abdul Latif Bhitai at Bhitshah , near Hyderabad in Sindh , held every year between 13th and 15th of Safar , devotees sing with fervor and frenzy his love-intoxicated Kafis to the strains of ektara which appears to be a very ancient musical instrument .
Mention may also be made here of the Dotar of Khorasan .
 Nur-Mohammad Dorpur is a famous traditional the Dotar of Khorasan player from the Khorasan region .
The renowned Kamancheh player Kayhan Kalhor who has performed at the famous Hollywood Bowl in Los Angeles , also stresses the commonalities between the Indian and Persian musical traditions which are brought to a focus by instruments such as the Ektara and the Dotar
An electric sitar is a kind of electric guitar designed to mimic the sound of the traditional Indian instrument , the sitar .
Depending on the manufacturer and model , these instruments bear varying degrees of resemblance to the traditional sitar .
Most resemble the electric guitar in the style of the body and headstock , though some have a body shaped to resemble that of the sitar .
The instrument was developed in the late 1960s at Danelectro , when many western musical groups began to use the sitar .
The sitar is generally considered a difficult instrument to learn .
By contrast , the electric sitar , with its standard guitar fretboard and tuning , is a more familiar fret arrangement for a guitarist to play .
The twangy sitar like tone comes from a flat bridge adding the necessary buzz to the guitar strings .
In addition to the six playing strings , most electric sitars have sympathetic strings , typically located on the left side of the instrument .
These strings have their own pickups , and are usually tuned with a harp wrench .
 A unique type of bridge , a buzz bridge , helps give the instrument A unique type of bridge distinctive sound .
Some electric sitars have drone strings in lieu of sympathetic strings .
A few models , such as the Jerry Jones Baby sitar , lack both sympathetic and drone strings , while still retaining the distinctive buzz bridge .
The sympathetic strings on most electric sitars do not resonate strongly enough to match the effect of an acoustic sitar .
There are resonant chambers in the solidbody instruments that have Masonite tops , however it is not enough to excite the 13 strings into true sympathy .
The strings are tensioned over two rosewood bridges with fret material as saddles so the sound is more like an autoharp than a sitar .
Versions of the electric sitar were also developed mainly in India .
These are smaller sized sitars that look like a sitar .
These sitars are tuned the same way as the original classical sitar would be tuned .
Because the tone quality and playing technique differ significantly from that of the sitar , it is typically used in rock , jazz , and fusion styles .
 Notable early hit singles featuring electric sitar include Eric Burdon and the Animals Monterey , Mana s Siembra el Amor , Joe South s Games People Play , Stevie Wonder s I Was Made to Love Eric Burdon and Signed , Sealed , Delivered , B.J. Thomas Hooked on a Feeling , The Spinners Animals Monterey a Shame , The Box Tops Cry Like a Baby as well as some sides by The Stylistics and The Delfonics .
Other recording artists who have featured the electric sitar include Steppenwolf , Mandrake Memorial , Kronos Quartet , Genesis -RRB- , Yes , The Clash , Todd Rundgren , Redbone , Bo Donaldson and The Heywoods Who Do You Think You Are ?
, The Grass Roots Glory Bound , Guns N Roses , Lenny Kravitz , Robbie Dupree Steal Away , Oasis , R.E.M , Metallica , Steely Dan , Santana , Roy Wood , Eric Johnson , Mystical Sun , Pearl Jam , Screaming Trees in Halo of Ashes , Redd Kross , Alice in Chains , Torsten de Winkel , Flower Travelin Band , Hiroshi Takano , Miyavi , Sugizo , hide , Kaoru of Dir en grey , Pat Metheny , Sigh , Steve Vai , Rory Gallagher , Mint Royale , Steve Miller , Van Halen , Tony Hicks of The Hollies , Schizo Da Maddcap , Rob Mastrianni .
Raagnagrok is a contemporary duo using electric sitar and electronic .
Vinnie Bell used the instrument on several songs , including Green Tambourine by The Lemon Pipers , Band of Gold by Freda Payne , and Shes a Heartbreaker by Gene Pitney .
The 1971 album Somethin Else recorded by Danny Davis and the Nashville Brass prominently featured an electric sitar , a first for the country music industry .
The instrument provided accompaniment on such songs as Snowbird , Rose Garden , Are You from Dixie ?
and others .
In 2010 , MGMT released their album Congratulations , where the electric sitar was played on many tracks by lead singer and guitarist Andrew VanWyngarden .
 Blues musician Buddy Guy played , among other guitars , a Coral electric sitar in shows on Buddy Guy 2010 tour
Ajrara gharana or Ajrada gharana is one of the six main traditional schools in tabla drum .
This school was founded in the nineteenth century by Miru and Kallu , disciples of Sitab Khan of the Delhi gharana , at the Ajrara village , in Uttar Pradesh .
 The Ajrada Gharana is traced to Kallu and Miru in the beginning of the 19th century .
Genealogy , They were disciples of Sitab Khan .
 This Gharana is an offshoot of the Delhi Gharana .
The distinctiveness of this Gharana is the use of complex Bols and Meend .
Pakhawaj bols are rare .
The stress is on Ad and Barabar laya .
 The stress specializes in the three-time pattern .
 The position of the left drum is not changed , but The position of the left face is touched with the thumb .
Gheginak , gheghe , Dhadagena , Nadagena or Tadagena etc. are used in Qayadas .
Habibuddin Khan , Niazu Khan and Ramzan Khan , Manju Khan , Hasmat Ali Khan , Akram Khan http://akramkhantabla.in .
Clarity of sound is made possible by the propensity for using the index and middle fingers in the traditional manner .
 The Ajrara gharana style includes bol patterns that are rather complicated , much more than does the Delhi gharana , and for the purpose the third fingers are brought into play as well .
Bols like Dhina gi na , Ghe Ghe Tit Kit , Dha Ge Na etc are most frequently used .
These bols create a certain resonance .
Pakhawaj bols are rarely encountered in this gharana .
 Ajrada is most well known for Ajrada theme and various compositions as well as Ajrada beautiful and balanced Bayan work .
 The Qaidas of Ajrada , often , have an additional third line out of four ; this is one of the few gifts of Ajrada to the tabla world .
Dhag Dhinagina DhaTtirkitatakTirkit DhagDhina DhatitDhagTinagina .
1 -------------------- 2 -------------------- 3 -------------------- 4 .
Tag Tinagina TTtirkitatakTirkit DhagDhina DhatitDhagDhinagina .
Dhag Dhinagina DhaTtirkitatakTirkit DhagDhina DhatitDhagTinagina .
Tag Tinagina TTtirkitatakTirkit DhagDhina DhatitDhagDhinagina .
 Though , on the world stage Ajrada is weakly represented , the gharanas compositions are played by almost everyone .
The most notable representative of this Gharana has been Ustad Habibuddin Khan .
 Maestros like Ut Ahmed Jan Thirakwa , Ustad Amir Hussain Khan and Shaikh Dawood excelled in the rendition of many rare and poetic compositions of Ajrada .
Manju Khan Sahib , son and student of Ustad Habibuddin Khan Sahib , is a great representative of Ajrada Gharana .
So also Ustad Niazu Khan and Pt Sudhirkumar Saxena , a student of Habibuddin Khan were noted teachers .
Another living exponent is Ustad Hashmat Ali Khan .
Ustad Ghulam Sarvar Sabri and Ustad Akram Khan are among the finest young representatives today
Shrikrishan Sharma is one the leading musician of the country .
Hails from a family of musicians .
He had his initial training in music in the `` Guru Shishya Parampara '' from his father , Gopal Krishan Sharma the foremost Vichitra Veena maestro .
He has given numerous public concerts in places such as Delhi , Kolkata , Gwalior , Chennai , Jaipur , Bhopal , Maihar , Lucknow , Banaras , Indore , Pune , Agra , Goa , and Shimla .
He has also performed in America , Mauritius , Reunion and the Netherlands .
Prominent in his guitar recital is Gayaki Ang , with imaginative Alap , Jod Jhala , Gatkari and Layakari , in which he excels .
He has also featured in programmes broadcast by All India Radio and on television over three decades .
Through sheer hard work he has been able to introduce certain new techniques in his repertoire by taming a basically western music instrument to Indian Classical Music .
He commands same proficiency in Vichitra Veena as on Guitar and is featured on All India Radio & National Network of Doordarshan , Indian regularly
 Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan October 1948 - 16 August 1997 -RRB- , an internationally acclaimed Pakistani musician , was primarily a singer of traditional Qawwali , the devotional music of the Sufis .
Considered one of the greatest voices ever recorded , he possessed an extraordinary range of vocal abilities and could perform at a high level of intensity for several hours .
Extending the 600-year old Qawwali tradition of his family , Khan is widely credited with introducing Qawwali music to international audiences .
 He is popularly known as Shahenshah - e-Qawwali , meaning The King of Kings of traditional Qawwali .
 Born in central Faisalabad , Pakistan , Khan had his first public performance at age of 16 August 1997 , at his fathers chelum .
He became the head of the family qawwali party in 1971 .
He was signed by Oriental Star Agencies , Birmingham , England , in the early 1980s .
Khan went on to release movie scores and albums in Europe , India , Japan , Pakistan , and the U.S.A. .
He engaged in collaborations and experiments with Western artists , becoming a well-known world music artist .
He toured extensively , performing in over 40 countries .
 Khan was born in a Punjabi family on 12 July 1948 in the city of central Faisalabad , shortly after the Partition of India during which his family moved from Western artists native city of Jalandhar , in East Punjab , India to Layallpur , West Punjab in the newly created state of Pakistan .
He was the fifth child and first son of Fateh Ali Khan , a musicologist , vocalist , instrumentalist , and Qawwal .
Khans family , which included four older sisters and a younger brother , Farrukh Fateh Ali Khan , grew up in central Faisalabad .
 Initially , Khans family father did not want Khan to follow the familys vocation .
He had his heart set on Khan choosing a much more respectable career path and becoming a doctor , because he felt Qawwali artists had low social status .
 However , Khan showed such an aptitude for , and interest in , traditional Qawwali that his father finally relented .
Khan began by learning to play tabla alongside his father before progressing to learn Raag Vidya and Bol Bandish .
He then went on to learn to sing within the classical framework of khayal .
 Khans family training with Khans family father was cut short when Khans family father died in 1964 , leaving Khans family paternal uncles , Mubarak Ali Khan and Salamat Ali Khan , to complete his training .
 Khans family first performance was at a traditional graveside ceremony for Khans family father , known as chehlum , which took place forty days after Khans family fathers death .
In 1971 , after the death of Mubarak Ali Khan , Khan became the official leader of the family Qawwali party and the party became known as Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan , Mujahid Mubarak Ali Khan & Party .
 Khans family first public performance as the leader of the Qawwali party was at a studio recording broadcast as part of an annual music festival organised by Radio Pakistan , known as Jashn-e-Baharan .
 Khan sang mainly in Urdu and Punjabi and occasionally in Persian , Braj Bhasha and Hindi .
His first major hit in Pakistan was the song Haq Ali Ali , which was performed in a traditional style and with traditional instrumentation .
 The song featured restrained use of Khans family sargam improvisations .
In 1979 , Khan married his first cousin , Naheed ; they had one daughter , Nida .
Early in his career , Khan was signed up by Oriental Star Agencies in the U.K. to their Star Cassette Label .
OSA sponsored regular concert tours by Khan to the U.K. from the early 80s onwards , and released much of this live material on cassette , CD , videotape and DVD .
 In the summer of 1985 , Khan performed at the World of Music , Arts and Dance festival in London , England .
He performed in Paris in 1985 and 1988 .
He first visited Japan in 1987 , at the invitation of the Japan Foundation .
 He also performed at the 5th Asian Traditional Performing Art Festival in Japan .
He also performed at Brooklyn Academy of Music , New York in 1989 , earning him admiration from the American audience .
In the 1992-93 academic year , Khan was a Visiting Artist in the Ethnomusicology department at the University of Washington , Seattle , Washington , United States .
Khan teamed with Peter Gabriel on the soundtrack to The Last Temptation of Christ in 1985 , with Canadian musician Michael Brook on the albums Mustt Mustt and Night Song .
 The team up with Peter Gabriel gave Khan the opportunity to stylize Peter Gabriel on the soundtrack songs by blending Peter Gabriel on the soundtrack qawwalis with the Western music .
Khan also grouped with Pearl Jam s lead singer Eddie Vedder in 1995 on two songs for the soundtrack to Dead Man Walking .
One of these songs was re-used on the soundtrack for Eat Pray Love in 2010 .
Khan also contributed to the soundtrack of Natural Born Killers .
He composed the music for the 1994 film Bandit Queen in collaboration with Roger White .
 Peter Gabriels Real World label later released five albums of Khans traditional Qawwali , together with some of Peter Gabriel on the soundtrack experimental work which included the albums Mustt Mustt and Star Rise .
Khan provided vocals for The Prayer Cycle , which was put together by Jonathan Elias , but died before the vocals could be completed .
Alanis Morissette was brought in to sing with his unfinished vocals .
Khan also collaborated with Michael Brook to create music for the song Sweet Pain used in the movie Any Given Sunday .
He also performed traditional Qawwali before international audiences at several WOMAD festivals and the single Dam Mast Qalandar was remixed by electronic trip hop group Massive Attack in 1998 .
His album Intoxicated Spirit was nominated for a Grammy award in 1997 for best traditional folk album .
Same year his album Night Song was also nominated for a Grammy Award for Best World Music Album , but lost out to The Chieftains album Santiago .
Khan contributed songs to , and performed in , several Pakistani films .
Shortly before his death , he recorded a song each for two Bollywood films , Aur Pyaar Ho Gaya work with singer Udit Narayan and Kachche Dhaage .
He sang a song for the film Dhadkan .
He also sang Saya bhi saath jab chhod jaye for Sunny Deols movie Dillagi .
 The song was released in 1999 , two years after Khans family death .
Khan contributed the song Gurus of Peace to the album Vande Mataram , composed by A. R. Rahman , and released to celebrate the 50th anniversary of Indias independence .
 A. R. Rahman , who was a big fan of Khan could not do further songs with A. R. Rahman .
 As a tribute , A. R. Rahman later released an album titled Gurus of Peace , which featured Allah Hoo by Khan .
Rahmans 2007 song Tere Bina was also done as a tribute to Khan .
After his death , the song Solemn Prayer , on which Khan provided vocals , was used on the Peter Gabriel song Signal to Noise , and on the soundtrack to the Martin Scorsese film Gangs of New York .
According to the Guinness Book of World Records , Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan holds the world record for the largest recorded output by a Qawwali artist -- a total of 125 albums as of 2001 .
 Khan was taken ill with kidney and liver failure on 11 August 1997 in London , England , England , while on the way to Los Angeles USA in order to receive a kidney transplant .
 He died of a sudden cardiac arrest at Cromwell Hospital , London , England , on Saturday , 16 August 1997 August 1997 , aged 48 .
 His body was repatriated to central Faisalabad , Pakistan , and his funeral was a public affair .
His wife , Naheed Nusrat passed away on 13 September 2013 in Toronto , Canada .
 The composition of Khans family ensemble , called a party , changed over its 26 years history .
Listed below is a snapshot of the party , circa 1983 : .
The one significant member of the party who does not appear on this list is Atta Fareed .
 For many years , Atta Fareed alternated with Rehmat Ali on vocals and second harmonium .
 Atta Fareed is easily identifiable in videos since Atta Fareed plays the harmonium left-handed .
Khan is widely considered to be the most important qawwal in history .
In 1987 , Khan received the President of Pakistan 's Award for Pride of Performance for his contribution to Pakistani music .
In 1995 he received the UNESCO Music Prize .
In 1996 he was awarded Grand Prix des Ameriques at Montreal World Film Festival for exceptional contribution to the art of cinema .
In the same year , Khan received the Arts and Culture Prize of the Fukuoka Asian Culture Prizes .
 In 2005 , Khan received the Legends award at the the U.K. Asian Music Awards .
Time magazines issue of 6 November 2006 , 60 Years of Asian Heroes , lists him as one of the top 12 artists and thinkers in the last 60 years .
He also appeared on NPR s 50 Great Voices list in 2010 .
In August 2010 he was included in CNN s list of the twenty most iconic musicians from the past fifty years .
Many honorary titles were bestowed upon Khan during his 25-year music career .
He was given the title of Ustad after performing classical music at a function in Lahore on his fathers death anniversary .
Nusrat Fateh Ali Khans voice was otherworldly .
 For 25 years , Nusrat Fateh Ali Khans mystical songs transfixed millions .
 It was not long enough ... Nusrat Fateh Ali Khans performed qawali , which means wise or philosophical utterance , as nobody else of Nusrat Fateh Ali Khans generation did .
 Nusrat Fateh Ali Khans vocal range , talent for improvisation and sheer intensity were unsurpassed .
 Jeff Buckley cited Khan as a major influence , saying of Jeff Buckley Hes United States Elvis , and performing the first few minutes of Khans family hit Yeh Jo Halka Halka Suroor Hai at live concerts .
Many other artists have also cited Khan as an influence , such as Peter Gabriel , A. R. Rahman , Sheila Chandra , and Alim Qasimov .
 Paul Williams picked a concert performance by Khan for inclusion in Paul Williams 2000 book The 20th Centurys Greatest Hits : a top-40 list , in which Paul Williams devotes a chapter each to what Paul Williams considers the top 40 artistic achievements of the 20th century in any field .
In 2008 , Khan was listed in 14th position in UGO s list of the best singers of all time .
In 2004 , a tribute band called was formed in New York City by percussionist Brook Martinez to perform the music of Khan .
 The 13-piece group still performs mostly instrumental jazz versions of Khans family qawwalis , using the instruments conventionally associated with jazz rather than those associated with traditional Qawwali .
In 2007 , electronic music producer and performer Gaudi , after being granted access to back catalogue recordings from Rehmat Gramophone House , released an album of entirely new songs composed around existing vocals .
The album , Dub Qawwali , was released by Six Degrees Records .
 traditional Qawwali received huge critical acclaim internationally , reaching no. 2 in the iTunes United States Chart , no. 4 in the the U.K. and was the no. 1 seller in Amazon.com 's Electronic Music section for a period .
 traditional Qawwali also earned Gaudi a nomination for the BBCs World Music Awards 2008
Ustad Faiyaz Khan was an Indian classical vocalist , an exponent of the Agra Gharana .
 Born at Sikandara near Agra in 1886 , Ustad Faiyaz Khan was the son of Shabr Hussain , who died three months before Ustad Faiyaz Khan birth .
 Ustad Faiyaz Khan was brought up by Ustad Faiyaz Khan maternal grandfather , Ghulam Abbas , who taught Ustad Faiyaz Khan music up to the age of 25 .
 Ustad Faiyaz Khan was also a student of Ustad Mehboob Khan Daraspiya , Ustad Faiyaz Khan father-in-law .
 Faiyaz Khan served for a long time as the court musician of Sir Sayaji Rao Gaekwad , the Maharaja of Baroda , where Ustad Faiyaz Khan was awarded the Gyan Ratna .
 The Maharaja of Mysore awarded The Maharaja of Mysore the title Aftab-e-Mousiqui .
 Faiyaz Khans specialities were dhrupad and khyal , but Faiyaz Khans was also capable of singing thumri and ghazal .
According to well known musicologist Dr. Ashok Ranade who was a former Director of Music Centre , University of Bombay , There was no chink in his armour .
 He was a frequent performer in the musical conferences and circles of Lucknow , Allahabad , Calcutta , Gwalior , Bombay and Mysore and in concerts organised by provincial princes who vied with one another to have the Ustad perform in their respective courts .
 The rulers of Maharaja of Baroda held him in high esteem and he was offered the seat to the right of the Maharaja of Maharaja of Baroda during the official functions of the royal court.He also performed at Jorasanko Thakurbari , the residential abode of Rabindranath Tagore , who was an admirer of the Ustad .
 It is known that he had held a musical session at Jorasanko Thakurbari a few years before the passing away of Rabindranath Tagore .
Other well-known admirers include maestros such as Ahmad Jaan Thirakwa , Ustad Amir Khan , Ali Akbar Khan , Vilayat Khan and Pandit Ravi Shankar .
 Some of Ahmad Jaan Thirakwa best-known students are Dilip Chand Bedi , Sohan Singh , Asad Ali Khan and Shrikrishna Ratanjankar , apart from in-house disciples such as Khadim Hussain Khan , Vilayat Hussain Khan , Latafat Hussain Khan , Ata Hussain Khan and Sharafat Hussain Khan .
 Faiyaz Khan Dilip Chand Bedi was an admirer of Abdul Karim Khan .
 S.N.Ratanjankar was perhaps the last of Abdul Karim Khan pupils who excelled both as a teacher and as a performer .
 Considered a Neo-classicist by some scholars of Indian classical music , Faiyaz Khan was known for a Neo-classicist broadmindedness , kindness , humility and sudden fits of temper that cooled almost instantaneously .
 Simple at heart , a Neo-classicist cared little for the gifts and rewards that was showered upon a Neo-classicist in almost every place a Neo-classicist performed .
 a Neo-classicist associate and relative and lifelong companion Ghulam Rasul accounts an incident in the 1930s when a thousand rupee currency note was found tucked in the pocket of His associate sherwani when it came home after being washed , cleansed , dried and ironed by the washerman .
 When asked by Ghulam Rasul , the Ustad retorted in utter innocence - How do I know that who is giving I what and how am I to know that a single currency note can be worth more than a hundred rupees ?
 In another incident which took place at Unaon , near Kanpur , a few years later ; when the Ustad came to know that Ustad Mehboob Khan Daraspiya patron was expending beyond his means to host the concert of the Ustad to celebrate the sacred thread ceremony of Ustad Mehboob Khan Daraspiya son , Faiyaz Khan accepted only the fare for Ustad Mehboob Khan Daraspiya return journey and blessed the child with a gold ring purchased from the local goldsmith during his afternoon stroll the day before .
 Failing health due to a bout of typhoid in 1945 followed by tuberculosis restricted Ustad Mehboob Khan Daraspiya to lower Ustad Mehboob Khan Daraspiya pitch to B and B Flat though in Ustad Mehboob Khan Daraspiya prime , Ustad Mehboob Khan Daraspiya always sang in C Sharp and C .
 The available recordings of the Ustad are almost entirely from Ustad Mehboob Khan Daraspiya later years .
 By the time Ustad Mehboob Khan Daraspiya died , Ustad Mehboob Khan Daraspiya had earned the reputation of being one of the greatest and most influential vocalists of the century .
78 rpm side A Lalat Aalaap , side B drut tadapata hoom jaise jale bin meene .
Also Thumri Bhairavi Baaju bande khula khula ja
Pandit Sanjeev Abhyankar is a Hindustani classical music vocalist of the Mewati Gharana .
 Pandit Sanjeev Abhyankar won the National Film Award for Best Male Playback Singer in 1999 for Pandit Sanjeev Abhyankar song , Suno Re Bhaila , in the Hindi film , the Hindi film Godmother .
Sanjeev Abhyankar was born on October 5 , 1969 in Pune , India to Dr. Shobha Abhyankar .
 Pandit Sanjeev Abhyankar started learning Hindustani Classical Music , at the age of eight , groomed by Pandit Sanjeev Abhyankar mother , and her guru Pandit Pimpalkhare and later from Pandit Jasraj .
 Though Pandit Sanjeev Abhyankar aim had been to pursue a career in music since childhood , Pandit Sanjeev Abhyankar has acquired a Bachelors Degree in Commerce .
 Sanjeev Abhyankar rendered Pandit Sanjeev Abhyankar first stage performance in Mumbai , at the age of 11 in 1981 .
Since then , he has traveled extensively all over the country and abroad .
He has several albums with HMV , Music Today , Sony Music , Times Music , Navaras Records U.K. , Neelam Audio Video U.S.A. , Sona Rupa U.K. , BMG Cressendo , Ninaad Music , Fountain Music & Alurkar Music .
He has also given playback for films such as Maachis , Nidaan , Sanshodhan , Dil Pe Mat Le Yaar and Banaras .
 Besides performing in art circles throughout Pune , India , he has performed in commercial conferences such as Sawai Gandharva Sangeet Samaroh , Pune ; Baba Harvallabh Samaroh , Jalandhar ; ITC SRA Sangeet Sammelan and Doverlane Conference , Calcutta ; Vishnu Digambar Paluskar Jayanti Samaroh , Mumbai ; International Melody Foundations Ustad Amir Khan Samaroh and Gunidas Festival , New Delhi ; Swami Haridas Sammelan , Vrindavan ; Pandit Motiram Sangeet Samaroh , Hyderabad ; Ustad Allauddin Khan Samaroh and Ustad Amir Khan Samaroh , Madhya Pradesh ; Saptak Conference , Ahmedabad ; Master Dinanath Sangeet Mahotsav , Goa ; Hindustani Kalakar Mandali Conference , Bangalore ; and the Kalidas Samaroh , Nagpur .
He has contributed to the already existing vast repertoire of Mewati compositions .
He specializes in jugalbandi and has performed jugalbandis with Durga Jasraj , Kala Ramnath and Ashwini Bhide Deshpande .
He has received many awards which include the Presidents award from All India Radio in 1990 , the F. I. E. Foundation National Award 1996 , the National Award in 1998 as the best male playback singer for the Hindi film Godmother , the title Sur Ratna , Rotary Vocational Excellence Award 2002 and Pandit Jasraj Gaurav Puraskar
Ajit Kadkade is a reputed Hindu devotional singer in Maharashtra , India .
 Ajit Kadkade learnt Hindustani classical music from the famous singer Jitendra Abhisheki .
 Ajit Kadkade specializes in singing Marathi devotional songs , Abhangs , Natya Sangeet , Hindustani classical music etc. .
 Ajit Kadkade is known for Ajit Kadkade unique and melodious style of singing
The vichitra veena is a plucked string instrument used in Hindustani music .
It is similar to the Carnatic gottuvadhyam .
It has no frets and is played with a slide .
The Vichitra Veena is the modern form of ancient Ektantri Veena .
It is made of a broad , fretless , horizontal arm or crossbar around three feet long and six inches wide , with two large resonating gourds , which are inlaid with ivory and attached underneath at either end .
The narrow ends of the instrument are fashioned into peacock heads , the national bird of India .
There are four main playing strings and five secondary strings , which are played openly with the little finger for a drone effect .
Underneath them are 13 sympathetic strings tuned to the notes of the appropriate raag .
The veena has a five-octave range .
Two plectrums identical to those used for sitar are worn on the middle and index fingers of the right hand to pluck the strings , and a glass ball is moved with the left across the main strings to create melody .
Coconut oil is put on the strings to minimize the friction of the sliding hand holding the batta .
The veena was often used to accompany the Dhrupad style of singing and this did not allow for much intricacy or embellishment around the notes .
 the Dhrupad style of singing was rescued from oblivion by Lalmani Misra who developed technique of playing and created Misrabani compositions ; his son Gopal Shankar Misra made the repertoire universal
 Farukhabad gharana is one of six prominent playing styles or gharanas of North Indian tabla drums , in Hindustani classical music , and derives Farukhabad gharana name from Farukhabad in Uttar Pradesh state .
The Farukkabad gharana of tabla was created in the 11th Century by a Rajput Court musician Akaasa who later accepted and converted to Islam and became a Muslim .
He also changed his name from Akaasa to Mir Akaasa .
He was the first to introduce bols into tabla playing .
The first bols introduced in tabla were TAT-DHIT-THUN-NAN .
Mir Akaasa died in the year 1189 AD .
He was succeeded by nine sons and one daughter .
He passed on his legacy to his eldest son , Ustad Bilawal Khan , who in turn passed the torch of the gharana to Ustad Ali Bux .
This tradition continued till the 26th descendant , Ustad Haji Vilayat Ali Khan .
 It was he who named this ` gharana ' after the province in which Ustad Haji Vilayat Ali Khan used to live viz .
 Farukkabad .
 Ustad Haji Vilayat Ali Khan gave this gharana the name of the province where Ustad Haji Vilayat Ali Khan used to live , which was Farukkabad .
 Ustad Haji Vilayat Khan got the title of Ustad Haji Vilayat Ali Khan after Ustad Haji Vilayat Ali Khan completion of 7 haj .
 Vilayat Khan got famous after Ustad Haji Vilayat Ali Khan famous battle of Tabla gats with Ustad Salaali Khansaheb , who has challenged Ustad Bakshu Khansaheb of Lucknow gharana , In order to save his pride Bakshu Khansaheb requested Vilayat Khan , who was also Salaali Khansahebs uncle , to fight the battle of tabla Gats with Ustad Salaali Khansaheb .
This battle continued for almost 15 days where many gats and jodas were exchanged .
On the 15th day Vilayat Khan played a unique Gat whose joda Ustad Salari Khansaheb could not produce .
Thus Vilayat Khan was declared the winner .
 Ustad Bakshu Khansaheb as a reward got Vilayat Khan married to Ustad Bakshu Khansaheb as a reward daughter and reputedly gave Ustad Bakshu Khansaheb as a reward 500 tabla compositions .
 Vilayat Khan on the other hand gave Salaali Khansaheb Vilayat Khan on the other hand daughter in marriage and along with that Vilayat Khan on the other hand gave 14 authentic Gats known as jahezi gats to Ustad Salaali Khan as dowry .
 The lineage of Farukkabad is still carried on by the descendants of This Gharana .
The Present Khalifa of this gharana is the great tabla exponent Ustad Sabir Khan who is the 33rd generation of this unbroken lineage and his sons Arif Khan , Asif Khan and Ameen Khan are the 34th descendant of this lineage .
 There is a huge variety in the repertoire of compositions , owing to the tremendous and creative output of great composers such as Haji Vilayat Ali Khan and Amir Hussain Khan , nephew of Munir Khan , Ustad Haji Vilayat Ali Khan a disciple of Nisar Hussain Khan .
In addition , a large number of gats .
 The Farukhabad Gharana is the oldest gharana of Tabla .
 The Farukhabad Gharana was earlier know as the purbi Baj , or eastern style , which is characterized by an extensive use of resonant strokes played on the sur of the daya .
The playing style of the Farukhabad gharana contains similarities to its strong , resonant sounds .
The repertoire is replete with a varied and intriguing compositions , makes great use of open resonant baya strokes , and contains many unique stroke combinations .
There is a greater wealth and emphasis of gats , chalan , and rela compositions than on qaida or peshkar .
There is a prominent use of certain bols , such as dheredhere , takataka
Ty Burhoe is an American tabla player , record company owner and live concert producer .
Ty Burhoe has been a disciple of the great tabla maestro , Ustad Zakir Hussain , since 1990 .
 From that time forward , Ty Burhoe has been dedicated to music , not just as a career but as a life path .
 Ty is renowned for Ty Burhoe inspired accompaniment and uplifting presence in both the Classical Indian and in fusion settings .
 Ty Burhoe is internationally recognized as being an innovative influence in creating unique collaborations that weave tabla with many other world traditions .
 In 2004 Ty Burhoe opened Ty Burhoe Indie label Tala Records which features many of Ty Burhoe unique collaborations .
Ty performs and records with a broad range of artists including Ustad Zakir Hussain , Art Lande , Krishna Das , Kala Ramnath , Curandero , Ustad Sultan Khan , Bela Fleck , Walter Becker , Steve Gorn , Mamadou Diabate , Rick Allen , Howard Levy , Kitaro , Bill Douglas , Jon Anderson , Roshan Jamal Bhartiya , Steve Oda , Shubhendra Rao , and many others .
 Ustad Zakir Hussain has been featured on soundtracks for film and DVD , including the academy award winning documentary Born into Brothels : Calcuttas Red Light Kids .
 Since 1995 , Ty Burhoe has served as Zakir Hussains tour assistant as well as the designer for Ty Burhoe custom drums and drum racks which Zakir uses for Zakir tours with Shakti , Masters of Percussion , Mickey Hart & Planet Drum , Charles Lloyd Trio and Lines Ballet collaborations .
Ty teaches tabla retreats twice a year in Colorado as well as Musical Universe workshops throughout the world
Pandit Vinayak Malharrao Torvi , is an Indian Classical Vocalist .
 Pandit Vinayak Malharrao Torvi belongs to the Gwalior and Kirana Gharana , school of music .
Pandit Vinayak Torvi was born on 4 September 1948 in Ranebennur , in Karnataka .
 Pandit Vinayak Malharrao Torvi father Malharrao Torvi was a Harikatha exponent .
 Pandit Vinayak Malharrao Torvi developed a passion for music , while listening to and accompanying Pandit Vinayak Malharrao Torvi father during discourses .
 Pandit Vinayak Malharrao Torvi started formal musical education at the age of 9 .
 Pandit Vinayak Malharrao Torvi received training in Hindustani Classical Vocal music for 15 years in Gurukul system , first from Gayanacharya Gururao Deshpande , and later from Bharat Ratna Pandit Bhimsen Joshi .
 Inspired by Pandit Vinayak Malharrao Torvi father Malharrao Torvi , Pandit Vinayak Malharrao Torvi started learning music from Pt Tammanna Gurav at age of 9 , later Pandit Vinayak Malharrao Torvi continued Pandit Vinayak Malharrao Torvi lessons with Pt .
Narayanacharya Dandapur .
 At the age of 11 , when Narayanacharya Dandapur . joined Pt Narayanrao Mujumdar Narayanacharya Dandapur . took music as Narayanacharya Dandapur . passion of life .
 In 1964 Narayanacharya Dandapur . joined Gayanacharya Gururao Deshpande , doyen of Gwalior Gharana for advance and performance oriented training .
 Pandit Vinayak Malharrao Torvi is also had a very large influence on the life on Pandit Vinayak Malharrao Torvi nephew , Raveendra Torvi .
 Pandit Vinayak Malharrao Torvi received further reinforcement from musical greats such as Gangubai Hangal , Mallikarjun Mansur and Basavraj Rajguru during Pandit Vinayak Malharrao Torvi PG studies in music at Karnataka university , Karnataka University Dharwad .
 Later Pandit Vinayak Malharrao Torvi received extensive training from Bharatratna Pt Bhimsen Joshi for the period of 10 years which placed Pandit Vinayak Malharrao Torvi firmly at the very heart of Kirana gharana , and made Pandit Vinayak Malharrao Torvi the heir-apparent to Pandit Bhimsen Joshi .
 Raveendra Torvi career started as early as 1960 , as Raveendra Torvi started performing in music concerts and winning various state and national level music competitions .
 In early 1970s Raveendra Torvi earned a Bachelor degree in music from Karnataka University Dharwad .
 At around the same time , Raveendra Torvi earned Raveendra Torvi Masters in classical music from Karnataka university .
 In 1980 Torvi performed in Raveendra Torvi first major national level concert a music conference organised by ITC SRA at Hubli.He later served on the board of Karnataka state Sangeet Nritya Academy for two consecutive terms .
In 1983 he established Gururao Deshpande Sangeet Sabha , in bangalore , which was inaugurated by renowned musician Padmavibhushan Dr. Gangubai Hanagal .
Bharatratna Pt .
Bhimsen Joshi , gave a memorable concert during the 10th year annual festival of the sabha .
 Gururao Deshpande Sangeet Sabha organises All night music mehfil , Malhar festival and Dharwad festival , where in more than 250 artiste have performed.The top musicians like Pt .
 Basavaraj rajguru , Dr. Dr. Balamuralikrishna , Pt , Bharatratna Pt . .
 Rajan Sajan Mishra , Bharatratna Pt . .
 Hariprasad Chaurasia , Dr. Prabha Atre , Bharatratna Pt . .
 Anindo Chatterjee , Bharatratna Pt . .
Ajoy Chakrabarty Pt .
Ulhas Kashalkar , Ustad .
Shahid Parvez performed and supported the sabha .
After Gururao Deshpande died , in 1984 , Pt .
 Bhimsen Joshi took Torvi under Bharat Ratna Pandit Bhimsen Joshi tutelage .
In 1991-92 , Torvi toured England , Scotland and France for concert and lecture cum demonstrations .
This tour was sponsored by Indian Council for Cultural Relations .
 Since 1985 , Vinayak Torvi , has been performing in major music conferences organised in New Delhi , Mumbai , ITC SRA Kolkata , chennai , pune , dharwad , Bangalore .
 Pandit Vinayak Malharrao Torvi has performed in Sawai Gandharva Music Festival , Tansen Festival , ITC SRA SRA Kolkata among others .
 Pandit Vinayak Malharrao Torvi was named artiste of the month , by ITC SRA .
 Since 1991 , Torvi has toured abroad , for concerts and lectures , demonstrations in various countries such as USA , England , Australia , Gulf countries etc. .
His music has been greatly appreciated by people worldwide .
Pt .
Torvi is described as Sur Lay Ka Badashah by the legendary musicians Pt.Kishan Maharaj and Pt.Ramashray Jha .
He is well known as Swara Sarvabhauma and Khandani Gayak among music lovers .
So far Pt .
Torvi has more than 20 Classical vocal cds at his credit .
He sings light classical music , devotional music and released cds
Annapurna Devi , born Roshanara Khan -RRB- on 23 April 1927 , is an Indian surbahar player of Hindustani Classical Music .
 Roshanara Khan is the daughter and disciple of Allauddin Khan , the founder of Maihar , India gharana , and was married to sitar maestro Ravi Shankar , also one of her fathers disciples from 1941 to 1962 .
 After Roshanara Khan divorce , Roshanara Khan never performed in public , moved to Mumbai , became a recluse and started teaching .
 Over the years Roshanara Khan has had notable disciples : Hariprasad Chaurasia , Nikhil Banerjee , Amit Bhattacharya and Suresh Vyas .
 Annapurna Devi was born on the occasion of chaiti purnima , 23 April 1927 April 1927 at Maihar , India , a small princely state of British India , where her father Alauddin Khan was a royal court musician at the court of Maharaja Brijnath Singh , who named the newborn girl Annapurna .
 Annapurna Devi father and guru Alauddin Khan , founder of the Senia Maihar gharana or Senia Maihar School of Hindustani classical music , was a noted musician and guru of Indian classical music .
 Her uncles , Fakir Aftabuddin Khan and Ayet Ali Khan , were noted musicians at Fakir Aftabuddin Khan native place Shibpur , in the present-day Bangladesh .
 Her brother Ali Akbar Khan was a legendary Sarod maestro and was considered a national living treasure in British India and the USA .
Her former husband , virtuoso Sitar maestro Ravi Shankar , was perhaps the most famous Indian classical musician internationally .
Annapurna Devi became a very accomplished Surbahar player of the Maihar gharana within a few years of starting to take music lessons from her father , and started guiding many of her fathers disciples , Nikhil Banerjee and Bahadur Khan -RRB- in classical music as well as in the techniques and intricacies of instrumental performances .
 Meanwhile , Alauddin Khan s Sitar student Ravi Shankar married Annapurna .

 The marriage between Ravi Shankar and Annapurna Devi took place when virtuoso Sitar maestro Ravi Shankar was 21 years and Annapurna was only 14 years old .
She converted to Hinduism upon marriage .
The marriage lasted more than two decades , and she gave birth to a son , Shubhendra Shankar , whom Annapurna Devi trained in Sitar .
 Shubhendra Shankar had rigorous training in Sitar under the tutelage of virtuoso Sitar maestro Ravi Shankar mother .
 virtuoso Sitar maestro Ravi Shankar father , however , chose to interrupt his musical talim or training and , instead brought him to the United States .
 virtuoso Sitar maestro Ravi Shankar died at an early age , after a marriage and the birth of three children .
 virtuoso Sitar maestro Ravi Shankar did not have a solo career in classical music , but did very occasionally accompany virtuoso Sitar maestro Ravi Shankar illustrious father Ravi Shankar in concerts in the the USA and abroad .
In the 1950s , both Ravi Shankar and Annapurna Devi performed duets in Delhi and Calcutta , principally at the college of her brother , Ali Akbar Khan .
 But later , virtuoso Sitar maestro Ravi Shankar started getting insecure since she used to be applauded in concerts more than virtuoso Sitar maestro Ravi Shankar was and she thereafter decided not to perform publicly .
Even the movie Abhimaan is believed to be based on the same scenario .
 Annapurna Devi was already a master of the Surbhahar when Ravi Shankar came to study with the Surbhahar father , Alauddin Khan , in the court of Maihar , India , India .
 Notable mentions among the Surbhahar students would be the Surbhahar nephew Sarod maestro Aashish Khan Debsharma ; Biren Banerjee of Howrah also received training from the Surbhahar ; renowned flautists Pandit Hariprasad Chaurasia and Nityanand Haldipur ; Sitarists Pandit Nikhil Banerjee received training from the Surbhahar , Chandrakant Sardeshmukh , Sudhir Phadke from Pune , Dr. Hemant Desai , and Professor Rooshikumar Pandya ; and Sarodists Pradeep Barot , Amit Bhattacharya and Basant Kabra .
The list of other occasional students includes Sandhya Apte , Leenata Vaze , Amit Hiren Roy , Stuti Dey , Uma Guha , Milind Sheorey , and Kokila Rai , wife of the late Vasant Rai .
All of them carry on the legacies of Annapurna Devis , and thus Alauddin Khans , music through their recitals .
 Alauddin Khans , music is also the key figure of Acharya Alauddin Music Circle , in Mumbai .
 Though Alauddin Khans , music refrained from taking music as Alauddin Khans , music profession , Alauddin Khans , music received utmost reverence in all circles of Indian classical music especially for Alauddin Khans , music unending repertoire in Indian classical music , and Alauddin Khans , music traditional dhrupadi approach to music .
 Alauddin Khans , music has received some of the most distinguished musical and civilian honours of British India .
 Alauddin Khans , music is the recipient of , among many , the Padma Bhushan in 1977 ; and the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 1991 ; and the Deshikottam which is an honorary doctorate degree by Nobel laureate poet Rabindranath Tagore s Visva-Bharati University in 1999 .
 In the year 2004 , the Sangeet Natak Akademi , the Government of Indias highest organisation for promoting music and other fine arts , has appointed Natak Akademi a Ratna or jewel fellow .
 Natak Akademi has not recorded any music albums .
 But some of Natak Akademi performances that have been secretly taped from Natak Akademi earlier concerts , are non-commercially available among a percentage of music lovers in British India .
 In spite of her avoidance of media-limelight , she continues to be thought of as a classical instrumentalist of the highest calibre in British India
Iqbal Hussain Qureshi , best known as I.H. Qureshi , was a Pakistani nuclear chemist and professor of chemistry at the Institute of and Applied Sciences in Islamabad .
Qureshi was the principle contributor of scientific understanding of various elements : rubidium , potassium , bromide , chlorine , and the Debye model .
 Early his career , he made notable contribution in advancing of the field of nuclear medicine in the Pakistan .
In addition , he also advised the government on nuclear policy issues and pushed his influential role in Nuclear Regulatory Authority and the peaceful applications of nuclear science .
He spent most of his career as an educator and research scientist at the Pakistan Institute of and Applied Sciences .
Iqbal Hussain Qureshi was born in Ajmer , Rajasthan , British Indian Empire on 27 September 1937 .
After the partition of India in 1947 , his family moved to Hyderabad , Sindh , where he matriculated from a public high school .
He was a child prodigy , having accepted at the Sindh University in his teenage years to study chemistry .
He received BSc in Chemistry from Sindh University in 1956 .
He graduated at the top of his class , wining the Silver Medal with his degree .
In 1958 , he gained MSc in chemistry from the same institution , and and won the scholarship to pursue higher education in chemistry abroad .
 He went to United States to attend the University of Michigan where he earned MSc in nuclear chemistry in 1962 .
Qureshi continued his research on nuclear chemistry and took the PhD in nuclear chemistry from the University of Tokyo , with with a doctoral thesis on the Radiochemical separations by Amalgam exchange which contained fundamental work on chemical amalgam , in 1963 .
In 1967 , he availed a post doctoral position at U.S. s National Bureau of Standards and during 1969 he obtained a specialized training in the area of uranium and plutonium separation from Denmark .
In 1960 , Qureshi joined the Pakistan Atomic Energy Commission and posted at the chemistry division working under nuclear physicist , dr. Naeem Ahmad Khan .
However , he was separated from the division when he independently established the radiochemistry division there .
In 1967 , he took up the professorship at the Pakistan Institute of Engineering and Applied Sciences where he pioneered the research in nuclear chemistry .
In 1972 , he was reached by Naeem Ahmad Khan and joined the chemistry division at the Pakistan Institute of Nuclear Science and Technology .
He began working of equation of state on plutonium device as early as 1972 .
 He developed and established the computerized radiation detection chemical analysis laboratories at PINSTECH in 1973 , which became an instrumental in detecting the tested radioactive emissions of Indias first nuclear bomb test at Rajasthan , in 1974 .
Notably , he balanced the crucial chemical equation required for the chemical reactions in the fission devices .
By 1977 , he famously discovered the technique in order for balancing the Q-value and energy balance in a fission device .
At PINSTECH , he was director of the nuclear chemistry division which was was responsible for the multi-stage chemical process that separated , concentrated and isolated plutonium from uranium .
In 1983 , he successfully oversaw the PARR-III reactor went into criticality .
He engage his research in copper - nickle alloys after introducing the lattice dynamical method to evalulate the Cu29 / Ni28 alloys .
Key and fundamental research on understanding the neutron flux were carried out by Qureshi , in which , he managed to secure the patents from the IAEA .
After the conclusion of the clandestine atomic bomb projects , he was appointed chief technical officer at the PAEC in 1991 ; though he was more eager to return to academia .
 Throughout his time at the the PAEC , he had earned several scientific honours , including the Gold Medal and fellowship of the Pakistan Academy of Sciences in 1994 .
He was the recipient of the prestigious Sitara-i-Imtiaz by the Government of Pakistan in 1992 .
 In 1997 , he was awarded the notable Khwarizmi Award on advancing and understanding the Nuclear analytical techniques development and application in the Pakistan .
 In 1996 , he retired from the PAEC as senior scientist and was made scientist emeritus , which allowed him to continue research at PINSTECH before moving to Karachi .
He took up the professorship of chemistry at the Karachi University and headed the nuclear chemistry section at the H.E.J. Research Institute of Chemistry .
During this time , he authored several articles and published books on nuclear chemistry .
 He retained his position till 2001 when he joined the the Pakistan Nuclear Regulatory Authority .
At PNRA , he served as the chief scientific officer and adviser to the government on nuclear policy issues .
His contribution and policy efforts led to the physical security of the commercial nuclear power infrastructure in the country and helped launched the nuclear awareness campaign following the Fukushima nuclear disaster in 2011 .
He served until 2009 when he decided to accept the professorship of chemistry at the Institute of and Applied Sciences .
 In 2012 , he died with a sudden problem of breathing , and buried in Karachi , Sindh .
As a scientist , he was remembered and noted as a very duty conscientious scientist throughout .
He was a versatile scholar who played classical Sitar on multiple public occasions
In Indian classical music , Sampurna ragas have all seven swaras in their scale .
In general , the swaras in the Arohana and Avarohana strictly follow the ascending and descending scale as well .
 That is , the swaras in the Arohana and Avarohana do not have vakra swara phrases .
In Carnatic music , the Melakarta ragas are all sampurna ragas , but the converse is not true , i.e. , all sampurna ragas are not Melakarta ragas .
 An example is Bhairavi raga in Carnatic music .
Some examples of Melakarta ragas are Mayamalavagowla , Todi , Sankarabharanam and Kharaharapriya
The bansuri is a transverse flute of India made from a single hollow shaft of bamboo with six or seven finger holes .
 An ancient musical instrument associated with cowherds and the pastoral tradition , An ancient musical instrument is intimately linked to the love story of Krishna and Radha and is also depicted in Buddhist paintings from around 100 CE .
 The Bansuri is revered as Lord Krishnas divine instrument and is often associated with Krishnas Rasa lila ; mythological accounts tell of the tunes of Lord Krishnas flute having a spellbinding and enthralling effect not only on the women of the Braj , but even on the animals of the region .
 The North Indian The Bansuri , typically about 14 inches in length , was traditionally used as a soprano instrument primarily for accompaniment in lighter compositions including film music .
The bass variety , pioneered by Pannalal Ghosh has now been indispensable in Hindustani Classical music for well over half a century .
Bansuris range in size from less than 12 to nearly 40 .
The word bansuri originates in the Sanskrit bans + sur -LSB- melody .
There are two varieties of bansuri : transverse , and fipple .
The fipple flute is usually played in folk music and is held at the lips like a whistle .
 Because The fipple flute enables superior control , variations and embellishments , the transverse variety is preferred in Indian classical music .
Pannalal Ghosh elevated the Bansuri from a folk instrument to the stage of serious classical music .
 Pandit Pannalal Ghosh experimented with the length , bore and number of holes , and found that longer length and larger bore allowed for better coverage of the lower octaves .
 Pandit Pannalal Ghosh eventually pioneered longer bansuris with larger bores and a seventh hole placed a quarter turn inwards from the line of the other six finger holes .
Pandit Raghunath Prasanna was an Indian classical shehnai and flute player .
 Pandit Raghunath Prasanna was known for introducing the techniques of vocal and shehnai in flute playing , a new style of playing the Indian bansuri , different from the style of Pandit Pannalal Ghosh .
 Pandit Raghunath Prasanna flute playing has richly contributed by way of introducing novel techniques in blowing the flute , the manner of handling and fingering , methodical with emphasis on Gayaki Ang , the way of infusing shehnai techniques in flute playing particularly in playing the Jhala - the fast pace culmination of a Raga .
These novelties have gone a big way in strengthening the status of flute - from a folk instrument to the concert level .
 Pandit Raghunath Prasanna is mainly responsible for introducing various techniques of presenting light classical modes like thumri , chaiti , kajri and dhun in Bansuri playing , and play them with equal aplomb and telling effects .
Bansuri construction is a complex art .
The bamboo suitable for making a bansuri needs to possess several qualities .
 The bamboo suitable for making a bansuri must be thin walled and straight with a uniform circular cross section and long internodes .
Being a natural material , it is difficult to find bamboo shafts with all these characteristics , which in turn makes good bansuris rare and expensive .
Suitable species of bamboo with these traits are endemic to the forests of Assam and Kerala .
After harvesting a suitable specimen , the bamboo is seasoned to allow naturally present resins to strengthen it .
Once ready , a cork stopper is inserted to block one end , next to which the blowing hole is burnt in .
The holes must be burnt in with red hot skewers since drilling causes the fibrous bamboo to split along the length , rendering it useless .
The approximate positions of the finger holes are calculated by measuring the bamboo shafts inner and outer diameters and applying certain formulae .
 Flute makers have only one chance to burn the holes , and a single mistake ruins the flute , so Flute makers usually begin by burning in a small hole , after which Flute makers play the note and using a chromatic tuner and a drone called tanpura , gradually make adjustments by sanding the holes in small increments .
 Once all the holes are perfected , the bansuri is steeped in a solution of antiseptic oils , after which The Bansuri is cleaned , dried and The Bansuri ends are bound with silk or nylon threads for both decoration as well as protection against thermal expansion .
Indian music is played in 3 octaves -- mandra , madhya , and taar -- with ornamentations such as meends and gamaks .
Bansuris range in length from less than 12 inches up to about 40 inches .
20-inch bansuris are common .
Another common and similar Indian flute played in South India is the venu , which is shorter in length and has 8 finger holes .
The index , middle , and ring fingers of both hands are usually used to finger the six hole bansuri .
For the seven hole bansuri , the little finger of the lower hand is usually employed .
As with other air-reed wind instruments , the sound of a bansuri is generated from resonance of the air column inside it .
The length of this column is varied by closing or leaving open , a varying number of holes .
Half-holing is employed to play flat or minor notes .
The sa note is obtained by covering the first three holes from the blowing-hole .
Octaves are varied by manipulating ones embouchure and controlling the blowing strength .
Various grip styles are used by flutists to suit different lengths of Bansuris , the two prominent styles being the Pannalal Ghosh grip , which uses the fingertips to close the holes , and the Hariprasad Chaurasia grip , which uses the pads of the fingers to close the holes .
While playing , the sitting posture is also important in that one should be careful not to strain ones back over long hours of practice .
 The size of a Bansuri affects The size of a Bansuri pitch .
Longer bansuris with a larger bore have a lower pitch and the slimmer and shorter ones sound higher .
In order to play the diatonic scale on a bansuri , one needs to find where the notes lie .
For example , in a bansuri where Sa or the tonic is always played by closing the first three holes , is equivalent to C , one can play sheet music by creating a finger notation that corresponds to different notes .
A flutist is able to perform complex facets of Raga music such as microtonal inflections , ornamentation , and glissando by varying the breath , performing fast and dextrous fingering , and closing/opening the holes with slow , sweeping gestures .
These techniques are demonstrated by the famous Indian flautist Pt .
Hariprasad Chaurasia .
Since the bansuri is a natural woodwind instrument , it is prone to cracks and thermal stresses while playing .
Well known bansuri players include Pannalal Ghosh , Raghunath Prasanna , Raghunath Seth , Bhola Nath Prasanna , Hariprasad Chaurasia , Vijay Raghav Rao , Rajendra Prasanna , Ronu Majumdar
Ravi Shankars Music Festival from India was an Indian classical music revue led by sitar virtuoso Ravi Shankar intended for Western concert audiences and performed in 1974 .
Its presentation was the first project undertaken by the Material World Charitable Foundation , set up the previous year by ex - Beatle George Harrison to sponsor diverse forms of artistic expression and to encourage the exploration of alternative life views and philosophies .
 Long a champion of Indian music , Beatle George Harrison also produced an eponymous studio album by the Music Festival ensemble , which was released in 1976 on a champion of Indian music Dark Horse label .
 Both the CD format of the Ravi Shankars Music Festival from India album and a DVD containing the orchestras performance at the Royal Albert Hall in London were issued for the first time on the 2010 Ravi Shankar-George Harrison box set Collaborations .
Shankars Music Festival orchestra featured many of the late twentieth centurys finest exponents of Indian classical music , including Hariprasad Chaurasia , Shivkumar Sharma , Alla Rakha , T.V. Gopalkrishnan , L. Subramaniam , Sultan Khan and sister-in-law Lakshmi Shankar .
During the late 1960s Shankar had presented a Festival of India featuring the likes of Shivkumar Sharma , Jitendra Abhisheki , Palghat Raghu and several others .
 The plan for the more ambitious Music Festival from India began taking shape when Beatle George Harrison visited Shankar in the latters home town of Benares in January 1974 .
 According to Beatle George Harrison , though , it was something that he Beatle George Harrison had been wanting to stage since about 67 , and particularly after hearing Shankars Nava Rasa Ranga while in Bombay for the Wonderwall sessions .
Unlike the cross-cultural Shankar Family & Friends album recorded the year before , the focus behind this new collaboration was to celebrate the traditional aspects of Indian classical music , both in concerts performed by the sixteen-piece Music Festival orchestra and in the studio .
Shankar would act as composer and conductor , rather than musician , and only play sitar on his famed ragas during the live performances .
Shankar soon gathered an impressive array of contributors for the project , whom he would describe decades later as these wonderful musicians who are now superstars .
 Many of the players Many of the players had a musical history with already .
Almost all of them are among the greats of Indian classical music - flautist Hariprasad Chaurasia , tabla legend Alla Rakha , the multi-talented T.V. Gopalkrishnan on mridangam and vocals , South Indian violin virtuoso L. Subramaniam , sarangi master Sultan Khan , santoor pioneer Shivkumar Sharma , and Gopal Krishan , credited with the emergence of the vichitra veena in that musical genre .
The featured singer was once more the sublime Lakshmi Shankar , whose voice soared through three octaves with ease .
The two met again that summer in England , where Shankar composed new material specifically for the Music Festival and recorded it at Harrisons 16-track home studio at Friar Park in Oxfordshire .
 Describing himself as an improviser by nature , every day for three weeks Shankar would leave his London hotel and head west on the M4 , during which he would write the music to be run through with the musicians that day in Friar Parks grand drawing room .
 Beatle George Harrison remarked of the process : It was amazing , because hed sit there and say to one person , This is where you play , and the next one , And you do This , and You do that , and theyre all going , What ?
 OK , one , The two , three ... And youd think , This is going to be a catastrophe - and This would be the most amazing thing .
 The principal sound engineer on the sessions , and Harrisons regular engineer at FPSHOT during this period , was Shankars nephew Kumar , who joined the cast for publicity photos taken by Clive Arrowsmith in the house and grounds .
 Midway through the proceedings , on 6 September , Beatle George Harrison held a press conference in London and announced plans for the Ravi Shankars Music Festival from India tour of Europe , lasting through into October .
 A co-headlining North American tour would follow , for which Beatle George Harrison , as the main attraction , was growing increasingly unprepared , such was Beatle George Harrison dedication to this project , and after having already lavished months of Beatle George Harrison time on The Place I Love by Splinter , another Dark Horse act .
 The program for the concert performances was divided into The two distinct parts .
As Shankar explained at the time : The first part is in the form of a panorama , depicting major stages in the evolution of classical and traditional Indian music , starting with the Vedic hymns and the music of the medieval period , and ending with the present day , touching briefly on all the intermediate forms such as alap , dhrupad , dhamar , khyal , tappa , tarana and chaturanga ... The second part begins with the semi-classical forms such as the devotional bhajan and the romantic and erotic thumri , ghazal , dadra , etc. and ends with the very lively and earthy folk style .
 True to the festivals title , the folk traditions of all the various regions of India were represented , in what was the first appearance by an Indian orchestra in Europe .
 Similarly all-encompassing and educational were Naseem Khans liner notes for the Ravi Shankars Music Festival from India studio album , serving as an introductory guide to the wide variety of Indian musical instruments on display .
The album would be issued long after the European tour , however , due to the release of the much-delayed Shankar Family & Friends set in September 1974 .
 Although little is available in the way of a tour itinerary , the Royal Albert Hall performance on 23 September appears to have been the Music Festivals opening night , after which the tour moved on to Paris , Brussels , Frankfurt , Munich and Copenhagen .
 A beleaguered-looking Harrison took to the stage in London and admitted to feeling very nervous ... were behind schedule before introducing Shankar to the audience .
 Following the completion of the European dates in October , the orchestra was slightly pared down for Shankar and Harrisons high-profile tour of the United States and Canada , beginning at Vancouver s Pacific Coliseum on 2 November .
All save for shehnai veteran Anant Lal and the ever-serene Kamala Chakravarty would face the at-times hostile audiences in North America .
Although the focus of Shankars set on this tour was to promote Shankar Family & Friends , selections from the Music Festival program such as Naderdani were adapted for American and Canadian audiences .
 The album Ravi Shankars Music Festival from India was finally released in February 1976 , a year and a half after the recording sessions .
Like its predecessors , the cover features a group photo of all the participants , this time under a large cedar tree in the grounds of Friar Park .
Unsurprisingly , given that commercial rewards were never the motive for the Material World Charitable Foundations involvement , the record attracted little in the way of chart action .
Peter Lavezzoli , author of The Dawn of Indian Music in the West , recognises the ten-minute Raga Jait as being among the highlights of the set .
 The Collaborations box set marked the first release for Stuart Cooper s film of Ravi Shankars Music Festival from India , shot at Londons Royal Albert Hall on Monday , 23 September 1974 .
 Text at the start of the DVDs concert film section explains that much restoration was needed on both footage and audio , the latter being overseen by producer Paul Hicks and by Ravi Shankars daughter Anoushka Shankar .
With some of Coopers 35-year-old footage having been destroyed or mislaid , the remainder of the concerts sound is included in a separate , concert audio section .
 In the film , the Albert Hall stage is set with The two large risers ; the first in the shape of a square , the second , slightly more raised than the first one , is curved around behind it like a half-moon .
It is this set-up and the positioning of the musicians on the stage that provides the visual dynamics in the concert footage , despite the compromised film quality and the fact that any camera shots facing the players on stage right were obviously no longer available .
On the square riser , from left to right , sit singers Viji Shankar , Lakshmi Shankar and Kamala Chakravarty , with percussionist Harihar Rao and bansuri player Hariprasad Chaurasia behind them .
Spread out along the crescent-shaped platform behind this are the three bowed string players , L. Subramaniam , Satyadev Pawar and Sultan Khan ; the stern-looking Anant Lal on shehnai ; then the four drummers , T.V. Gopalkrishnan , Alla Rakha , Rijram Desad and Kamalesh Maitra , the last two partly surrounded by their tarangs of hand drums ; next is sitarist Kartick Kumar , Gopal Krishan , behind the raised vichitra veena , and finally Shivkumar Sharma , behind his large harpsichord-like santoor .
All sixteen pairs of eyes are on the Pandit Shankar , whos vigorously conducting the orchestra from just in front of the first riser , his back to the audience .
 What is obvious in the film , yet not necessarily to casual listeners of the studio album , is the personality of each of the participants - T.V. Gopalkrishnan , at times fierce , then mischievous ; tabla legend Alla Rakha , the bemused patriarch , a tower of strength ; Rijram Desad and sarangi master Sultan Khan , their faces a study in earnest concentration ; Lakshmi and bansuri player Hariprasad Chaurasia , all passionate highs and Lakshmi and Chaurasia ; the quiet demureness of Kamala , Harihar Rao and young Viji Shankar .
 Through these characters , the film demonstrates the lively dialogue that is the musical performance : Shankar and tabla legend Alla Rakha shared exchanges from sitar to tabla and back , drum salvoes traded with delight between tabla legend Alla Rakha and T.V. Gopalkrishnan , the apparent frustration on the conductors face turning to elation by the end of a piece .
 Despite Harrisons concerns beforehand , the London audience sounds suitably impressed .
As American drummer Jim Keltner would later say of the not-always-appreciative crowds the orchestra faced in the United States : Those people saw something very special .
 The DVDs bonus feature , directed by David Kew , shows Paul Hicks and Anoushka Shankar at work on the mix for pieces released in this concert film section .
 Hicks and Anoushka Shankar at work are soon joined there at StudioWest , in San Diego , by Ravi Shankar himself and Harrisons widow , Olivia , allowing the 90-year-old Shankar to offer his input .
 At one point Shankars daughter Anoushka Shankar covers Shankars daughter Anoushka Shankar fathers eyes playfully - in response , it seems , to StudioWest reaction at seeing StudioWest on screen , performing some four decades before .
 While it is stated that the 2010 Collaborations DVD contains the complete performance from the Royal Albert Hall concert , spread across the film and audio sections , its not clear how these The two sections correlate - whether they make up The two halves of the concert , or whether the musical pieces for which visuals have been salvaged were interspersed throughout the night .
 This makes This impossible to ascertain the true running order of a typical Music Festival from India performance , but the concert program for the 1974 European tour was obviously from among the following track lists
Ghate was born in Jabalpur , Madhya Pradesh .
 Ghate started learning Ghate art at an early age of three in Jabalpur .
 Ghate then moved to Mumbai , and learned for over twelve years under Suresh Talwalkar .
 Ghate accompanied Indian classical musicians , including Hariprasad Chaurasia , Vilayat Khan , Pandit Jasraj , Shivkumar Sharma , Amjad Ali Khan , Birju Maharaj , Shahid Parvez , and Vishwa Mohan Bhatt .
 Ghate also collaborated with jazz guitarist , Larry Coryell and saxophonist , George Brooks
The shruti or sruti is a Sanskrit term used in several contexts throughout the history of Indian music .
A shruti is considered the smallest interval of pitch that the human ear can detect .
 To know the real meaning of Shruti , it is important to know the various contexts in the history of Indian music where the term is used .
 Bharata uses Shruti to mean the interval between two notes such that the difference between Shruti is perceptible .
He formulates jatis , which are classes of melodic structures .
These can be further grouped into two gramas -- shadja-grama and madhyama-grama .
The notes are separated by intervals , which are measured in terms of shrutis .
The shadja-grama is given by the following division : Sa of four shrutis , Ri of three shrutis , Ga of two shrutis , Ma of four shrutis , Pa of four shrutis , Da of three shrutis and Ni of two shrutis .
Bharata also describes an experiment to obtain the correct physical configuration of shruti in shadja grama , Sarana Chatushtai .
The madhyama-grama is the same , but the panchama has to be diminished by one shruti .
That is , the panchama of madhyama-grama is lower than that of shadja-grama by one shruti according to Bharata .
Shruti is only mentioned as a perceptual measure in the music of Bharatas time .
 Shruti is better understood with the following explanation .
 In both the gramas , Ri is three shrutis away from Sa - there are three perceptible intervals between Sa and Ri .
The third of these is called trishruti rishabha .
Likewise , the second interval is called dvishruti rishabha , and the first ekashruti rishabha .
Notes at nine and 13 shrutis from each other are mutually samvadi .
The notes that are at the distance of two and 20 shrutis are mutually vivadi .
The remaining ones , at the distance between 2 and 20 shrutis , are called anuvadi .
The shruti table below shows the mathematical ratios considered to correspond to the system described by Bharata and Dattila , along with the comparable notes in common Western 12-TET tuning and comparable notes in 53-TET tuning , and the names of the 22 shrutis provided by Sarngadeva .
The 53-TET approximation has an maximum error of 1.5 cents , while the perfect fifths approximation has an maximum error of 2 cents .
 The table below shows the Harmonic scales into Shruti : .
 As it show , the harmonics in scales of Shruti are multiples of prime numbers 2 , 3 , 5 and 19 .
Theres not multiples of 7 , 11 , 13 , 17 , 23 , etc. , just of 19 so thats too weird .
Really its not 19 , but 19.2 , because 19.2 / 32 = 3/5 , which means that when we use the harmonic 19.2 , it becomes the harmonic 3 , and all of the harmonics multiplies up by 5 .
By the time Venkatamakhin formulated the melakarta system , the grama system was no longer in use .
Unlike the grama system , the mela system uses the same starting swara .
it forms the scales by varying the intervals of the subsequent swaras , and does not specify a fixed interval for a swara in terms of shrutis .
For example , the intervals of kakali-nishada and shuddha-madhyama would vary depending on the dhaivata and the gandhara that precede them , respectively .
The interval of kakali-nishada would be of three different shruti values depending on whether shuddha , panca-sruti or shat-shruti-dhaivata preceded it .
Thus shruti as a measure of interval is not fully utilized in the mela system .
The mela system still prevails .
The term shruti in current practice of Carnatic music , has several meanings .
 Carnatic is used by musicians in several contexts .
For instance , the Tamil term Oru kattai sruti would mean that the tonic is set to the pitch C or the first key .
The Telugu term Sruti chusukko is a way to correspond with the accompanying artists to tune their instruments .
The term has also undergone a gross misunderstanding .
In certain ragas , due to inflexions or gamakas on few of those 12 notes , listeners perceive a sharpened or flattened version of an existing note .
Some scholars have attempted to fit such perceived new tones into the non-contextual Bharatas 22 shrutis , which lead to confusion and controversy over 22 shrutis .
 the non-contextual Bharatas 22 shrutis was also wrongly attributed to Bharata , who proposed Shruti in a completely different context .
There is scientific evidence that shows that these intermediate tones perceived in the contemporary rendition of a raga does not hint at the existence of 22 shrutis .
 The number 22 is of no practical significance in the current performance of Carnatic and Hindustani music traditions , partly because different musicians use slightly different shrutis when performing the same raga .
The phenomenon of intermediate tones is pursued as an active area of research in Indian Musicology , which says the number of perceptible intermediate tones may be less or even much more than 22 .
 N. Ramanathan , a musicologist points The phenomenon of intermediate tones out and says that the idea of 22 shrutis is applicable only to the music system of Bharatas time .
 The sufficiently new Indian monograph about Shruti say there had been various opinions about the number of shrutis , but in recent times it seems that the number of shrutis is broadly agreed upon as 22 .
Recognizing the existing some controversy over the numbers and the exact ratios of the shruti intervals , it also say that all shrutis are not equal and known as nyuna shruti , pramana shruti and purana shruti .
Each shruti may be approximated in 53EDO system
Babul Mora Naihar Chhooto Jaye is a popular Hindustani classical music song in Raag Bhairavi .
 The song was written by Nawab Wajid Ali Shah , the 19th-century Nawab of Awadh as a lament when Nawab Wajid Ali Shah was exiled from Nawab Wajid Ali Shah beloved Lucknow by the British Raj after the failed Rebellion of 1857 , where Nawab Wajid Ali Shah uses the metaphor of bidaai of a bride from her fathers home , and Nawab Wajid Ali Shah own banishment from Nawab Wajid Ali Shah beloved his beloved Lucknow , to far away Calcutta , while Nawab Wajid Ali Shah spent the rest of Nawab Wajid Ali Shah years .
It was also popularised by the legendary classical vocalist , Pandit Bhimsen Joshi .
The most remembered version of the song is by actor-singer Kundan Lal Saigal for the Hindi movie Street Singer directed by Phani Majumdar , live on camera , under the music direction of Rai Chand Boral , just as playback singing was becoming popular .
Jagjit and Chitra Singh also sang a version of the song in film Avishkaar , set to music by Kanu Roy .
Your courtyard is now like a mountain , and the threshold , a foreign country .
 I leave your house , father , I am going to I beloveds country
Jayateerth Mevundi , born in 1972 , is a Hindustani classical vocalist of the Kirana Gharana .
 Jayateerth Mevundi , born in 1972 is widely recognized as one of the leading performers in this gharana .
Jayateerth Mevundi hails from Hubli in North Karnataka .
 Jayateerth Mevundi , born in 1972 music is marked by impeccable taankari , delivered with effortless ease in the style of Bhimsen Joshi .
 Jayateerth Mevundi , born in 1972 took to music at a very tender age under the guidance of Jayateerth Mevundi , born in 1972 mother .
 Jayateerth Mevundi , born in 1972 started Jayateerth Mevundi , born in 1972 formal training in classical music from Sangeet Ratna Pt .
Arjunsa Nakod and also underwent training from Late Pt .
Shripati Padigar , a disciple of Pt Bhimsen Joshi .
 Formerly associated with All India Radio , Goa and All India Radio Bangalore , Shripati Padigar currently works for All India Radio , Mangalore .
 Shripati Padigar has travelled extensively to perform , within India and outside .
 Shripati Padigar has been invited to perform at prestigious venues like the Sawai Gandharva Festival held in Pune every year .
 Jayateerth Mevundi was also awarded the Young Maestro award which was personally handed to Jayateerth Mevundi , born in 1972 by President Abdul Kalam at the second year inauguration of the Indian Music Academy organized by Pt .
Jasraj on 9 April 2007 in Delhi
Rafique Khan often referred to by the title Ustad is an Indian musician and composer who plays the sitar .
 the late Ustad Abdul Karim Khan belongs to the sixth generation of musicians from the Gwalior Gharana .
 the late Ustad Abdul Karim Khan father , the late Ustad Abdul Karim Khan was a distinguished sitarist at the late Ustad Abdul Karim Khan time , and the late Ustad Abdul Karim Khan grandfather who was awarded the Sitar Ratna , Ustad Rahimat Khan was accredited for adding the base octave to the sitar and for modifying the three-string sitar to the seven-string instrument that we have today .
 the late Ustad Abdul Karim Khan is the younger brother of Ustad Bale Khan and Chhote Rahimat Khan and has a twin brother , Shafique .
 the late Ustad Abdul Karim Khan was born in Dharwad and started playing the sitar at the age of nine .
 the late Ustad Abdul Karim Khan was tutored by the late Ustad Abdul Karim Khan father and also by the late Ustad Abdul Karim Khan elder brother , Ustad Bale Khan .
 the late Ustad Abdul Karim Khan was also trained in Gayaki Ang by the late Ustad Abdul Karim Khan uncle Ustad Dastagir Khan .
 the late Ustad Abdul Karim Khan passed the late Ustad Abdul Karim Khan music exams from Gandharva Mahavidyalaya , Mumbai and completed the late Ustad Abdul Karim Khan graduation in philosophy at the University of Goa .
 the late Ustad Abdul Karim Khan has toured across the nation and the world , performing at various music festivals .
 the late Ustad Abdul Karim Khan has been rated as a top grade artiste by All India Radio and has had four of his recitals aired on their national programmes .
 the late Ustad Abdul Karim Khan has performed at the Soorya Festival founded by Soorya Krishnamoorthy in India , Abu Dhabi , Bahrain , Doha , Dubai , Muscat , Singapore and Switzerland .
 the late Ustad Abdul Karim Khan has also played at the Sawai Gandharva Bhimsen Festival and has played alongside Grammy award winning slide guitarist Vishwa Mohan Bhatt in Mangalore and Bangalore .
 the late Ustad Abdul Karim Khan has also toured across Italy , Slovenia and France performing at Hindustani Classical Music festivals .
 Rafique Khan currently works at All India Radio , Mangalore .
 the late Ustad Abdul Karim Khan is the President of the music organization Sangeet Bharati Foundation , Mangalore and also runs the late Ustad Abdul Karim Khan own Academy of Hindustani Music at Mangalore
Chandrakant Kamat was a Hindustani classical tabla player of the Benares Tabla Gharana .
 Chandrakant Kamat was born in Dhule to a Saraswat Brahmin family with strong musical traditions .
 Chandrakant Kamat father , Master Shantaram Kamat was a renowned Natyageet musician .
 Chandrakant Kamat started as a child artist in the Natak of Chandrakant Kamat fathers theatre company , Anandvilas and began learning the Tabla at a young age .
 Chandrakant Kamat learned from gurus Raghunath Shivalkar , Rambhau Vasht , and D. Y. Kadam and also trained in Indian classical dance .
 In 1952 , Chandrakant Kamat shifted Chandrakant Kamat base to Pune and became among the most trusted Tabla accompanists for Chandrakant Kamat performances with Kathak dancer Rohinitai Bhate .
 In 1964 , Chandrakant Kamat became a Gandabandhan disciple of Samta Prasad of the Benares gharana .
 From 1956 to 1991 , Chandrakant Kamat also provided Tabla accompaniment in Sangeet Nataks that featured artists like Smt .
Hirabai Badodekar , Smt .
Jyotsna Bhole , Chhota Gandharva , Shripadrao Nevrekar .
 During this time , Chandrakant Kamat also worked as a staff artist for AIR , Pune .
 Recipient of several prestigious awards , like Sangatkar Puraskar in 1999 and the Late Vasundhara Pandit Purskar given in 2001 , Pandit Kamat also trained Recipient of several prestigious awards sons , Subhash and Bharat , who are among the promising tabla artistes in the country .
 On the morning of Monday June 28 , 2010 , Chandrakant Kamat died of a cardiac arrest .
 Chandrakant Kamat was among the preferred choice for Tabla accompaniment for Indias top musicians , including Bhimsen Joshi , Begum Akhtar , Hariprasad Chaurasia , Bal Gandharva , and Kumar Gandharva among others .
Kamats performances also extend to programs on Bhavgeet , Lavani , Thumri , and most notably Geet Ramayan .
 Chandrakant Kamat holds the record for performing at the Sawai Gandharva Music Festival for fifty consecutive years .
 Pt.Chandrakant Kamat has taught tabla to many students including two sons , Subhash Kamat and Bharat Kamat , who are also Tabla players carry on Chandrakant Kamat legacy.Other students are shri.Yogesh Awlaskar , Shri.Nikhil Parchure
Sanjoy Bandopadhyay is a Bengali Hindustani classical sitar player .
He is primarily a disciple of Radhika Mohan Maitra and Bimalendu Mukherjee .
His performance is a unique synthesis of Senia-Shahjehanpur , Rampur-Senia and Etawah gharana .
He is Chair Professor at the Department of Instrumental Music , of Rabindra Bharati University , Kolkata India .
He is also the Director , S.M. Tagore Centre of Documentation & Research of Languishing & Obsolescent Musical Instruments .
This centre is created for ethnological mapping of the world through obsolescent musical instruments .
The project will run with scholars support from all over the world .
 Professor Bandopadhyay visited the University of Illinois at Urban Champaign as George A. Miller Visiting Professor Bandopadhyay .
 In the same year Professor Bandopadhyay also visited the University of Alberta , Edmonton , Canada as Distinguished Kolkata India Focus Visitor .
 Professor Bandopadhyay visited the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs in 2008 and University of Chicago -LSB- USA in 2009 as artist in residence .
 Professor Bandopadhyay was specially invited to present paper at the International Conference at the University of Amsterdam .
 Professor Bandopadhyay is also involved in a number in collaborative research projects at the national and international levels .
 Professor Bandopadhyay is attached to a number of universities including the Department of Music , University of Delhi ; Benaras Hindu University , Varanasi ; Kashi Hindu Vidyapeeth , Varanasi ; Visva Bharati , IKS University , Khairagarh ; Utkal University , Orissa and more as adviser/expert .
Professor Bandopadhyay is currently going through international music collaboration with Professor Yaroslav Senyshin , the exceptional pianist .
Prof. Senyshyn is attached to the Simon Fraser University , Canada as a Professor .
 Prof. Senyshyn has produced 10 CDs and a DVD .
 Prof. Senyshyn has widely performed in Kolkata India , American , European and African continents
The esraj is a string instrument found in two forms throughout the north , central , and east regions of India .
It is a young instrument by Indian terms , being only about 200 years old .
 The dilruba is found in the north , where The Dilruba is used in religious music and light classical songs in the urban areas .
 The Dilruba name is translated as robber of the heart .
The esraj is found in the east and central areas , particularly Bengal and it is used in a somewhat wider variety of musical styles than is the dilruba .
Originally an Afghan Instrument it first appeared in the region during the Pashtun rule of Northern India .
The Dilruba originates from the Taus and some argue is the work of the 10th Sikh Guru , Guru Gobind Singh , whilst that of the Taus was the work of Guru Hargobind .
The Dilruba was then produced to replace the previously heavy instrument .
This attempt was intended to scale down the Taus into what is now known to be the Dilruba .
 This made This more convenient for the Sikh Guru army to carry the instrument on horseback .
The structure of both instruments is very similar , each having a medium sized sitar - like neck with 20 heavy metal frets .
This neck holds on a long wooden rack of 12-15 sympathetic strings .
While the dilruba has more sympathetic strings and a differently shaped body than the esraj , they both have four main strings which are bowed .
All strings are metal .
The soundboard is a stretched piece of goatskin similar to what is found on a sarangi .
Sometimes the instrument has a gourd affixed to the top for balance or for tone enhancement .
The instrument can be rested between the knees while the player kneels , or more commonly rested on the knee of the player while sitting , or also on the floor just in front of the player , with the neck leaning on the left shoulder .
It is played with a bow , with the other hand moving along the strings above the frets .
The player may slide the note up or down to achieve the portamento , or meend , characteristic of Indian music .
The esraj is mostly used as an accompanying instrument .
It is the accompanying instrument of choice for Rabindra Sangeet singing .
However , it has also been used as a solo instrument to interpret Hindustani Classical Music , mostly in the Vishnupur tradition .
Additionally , the esraj is a more modern invention from the Dilruba that was made and promoted by the Namdharis .
Both the dilruba and the esraj had been declining in popularity for many decades .
By the 1980s the instrument was nearly extinct .
However with the rising influence of the Gurmat Sangeet movement , these instruments are once again attracting considerable attention .
 A. R. Rahman is known as one of the composers in India who has used the Dilruba , in works like Dil Se and Vande Mataram .
Possibly the most famous exponent of the esraj has been Pandit Ranadhir Ray , who died in 1988 .
Kalipada Ghoshal .
Ranadhir Ray was a student of Ashesh Bandopadhyay , and was on the faculty at the Music department of Visva-Bharati University in Santiniketan .
 Today , the best known exponent is Buddhadeb Das , also from Santiniketan .
One of his leading student is Dattatreya Ghosh , reading in Nava Nalanda High School of there .
The esraj was the favourite instrument of the spiritual Master Sri Chinmoy who used it as a meditation tool and outlet for emotion , not necessarily to create or reproduce traditional music from the region .
 In South India , the most famous exponent in the film industry to play Dilruba Shanmugham was Dilruba Shanmugham .
 A great dilruba player , A great dilruba player has been conferred with the Kalaimamani award by the Tamilnadu Government .
 A great dilruba player has played innumerous scores on Dilruba Shanmugham for legends like MSV and Ilayaraja .
Ravi Shankar played the Dilruba in the 1930s , as a member of the dance group of his older brother Uday Shankar .
 Indian physicist and mathematician S. N. Bose is also known to play The Dilruba .
Famous Bollywood music director Roshan was also a noted Esraj player
 The Carnatic scale Shivaranjani or Sivaranjani is a musical scale used in Indian classical music .
There are two scales , one each in Hindustani music and Carnatic music .
The Hindustani raga is a pentatonic scale , while the Carnatic scale is a sampoorna scale .
The Hindustani raga Shivaranjani belongs to the Kaafi thaat in terms of classification of the scale .
 the Kaafi thaat structure is as follows .
The komal gandhar in place of shuddh gandhar is the difference between this raga and the global musical scale of Bhoop .
 This Hindustani scale is also the currently popular scale in Carnatic music .
This scale is a janya ragam , as it does not have all the seven swaras .
It is a symmetric ragam that does not contain madhyamam or nishadam .
 It is an audava-audava ragam in Carnatic music classification .
 Its structure using swaras in Carnatic music notation is as follows .
 In this form , The Carnatic scale Shivaranjani is considered a janya ragam of Kharaharapriya , the 22nd Melakarta ragam , though it can be derived from 3 other melakarta ragams , Gourimanohari , Hemavati or Dharmavati , by dropping both madhyamam and nishadam .
 The Carnatic scale Shivaranjani ragam brings out karuna rasa and lends The Carnatic scale Shivaranjani for elaboration and exploration .
 The Carnatic scale Shivaranjani has many compositions in classical music and in film songs .
The popular Hindi film song Jaane kahan gaye woh din is based on this scale .
 The Carnatic scale Shivaranjani was a favourite of the legendary composers Shankar-Jaikishan , in addition to the aforementioned song from Mera Naam Joker they also used The Carnatic scale Shivaranjani for O basanti pavan paagal in Jis Desh Men Ganga Behti Hai and O mere sanam in Sangam Mere naina Saon Vhado .
Kannum Kannum from the movie Thiruda Thiruda is regarded as the most different song done in this raga .
 In Carnatic music , two ragamalikas start with a refrain in The Carnatic scale Shivaranjani .
M S Subbulakshmi made Kurai onrum illai very popular which begins with this scale .
 Kurai onrun illai literally means there is no defect or there is nothing left wanting , alluding to we are satisfied and thankful in prayer to Kannan .
Another composition Muiyakka muiyakka , by Purandaradasa , also begins with this scale .
Another famous composition in this raaga is Jagat janani rendered in Tamil language .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Shivaranjanis notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 2 other pentatonic ragams , namely , Sunadavinodini and Revati .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
See Graha bhedam on Shivaranjani for more details and an illustration .
 The Carnatic scale Shivaranjani is a janya ragam associated with the 64th parent scale Vachaspati .
 The Carnatic scale Shivaranjani has vakra prayoga and The Carnatic scale Shivaranjani scale is as follows
Sangit Makarand is an ancient work on classical music written by Narada .
This work is a rare collection of definitions , descriptions and comments on all the essentials music by other ancient reputed authors from Bharata Muni to Sharangdeva .
Its main feature is the treatiment of Ragas ; categorizing them as male , female and neuter .
The treatise circa 1100 CE is the earliest text where rules similar to the current Hindustani classical music can be found .
 Narada actually names and classifies the system in its earlier form before the advent of changes as a result of Persian influences .
It also hints on the uniqueness of the raga-nomenclaturing .
On close study of it , one learns of three distinct stages on the nomenclaturing of the Indian ragas
Pandit Narasimhalu Vadavati is a clarinet musician .
 Pandit Narasimhalu Vadavati was born in 1942 in Pandit Narasimhalu Vadavati , a small village in Raichur taluk of Karnataka , India .
 Sri Matamari Veeranna was Sri Matamari Veeranna first Guru .
 Sri Matamari Veeranna learned Hindustani classical music under the guidance of Gwalior and Jaipur Gharana exponent late Pandit Siddarama Jambaladinni .
 Sri Matamari Veeranna was nominated as president of the World Music Festival 2011 organized at Los Angeles by World Clarinet Association .
 Pandit Narasimhulu Wadavati has earned an outstanding reputation for Pandit Narasimhulu Wadavati pioneering contribution to music having adapted a Western Classical instrument , Clarinet to Hindustani style of music .
 The its International Who 's Who in Music Biographical Centre , Cambridge , U.K. has now listed Biographical in its International Who 's Who in Music .
 Biographical fame shot to new heights when Biographical directed music for the award winning French Documentary `` Hathi '' .
Pandit Wadavati was born in 1942 in a small village , Wadavati in Raichur Taluk .
 Pandit Narasimhulu Wadavati grandfather was a Shehnai artiste , a Shehnai artiste father a Tabla player and a Shehnai artiste mother too was a devotional singer.Thus a Shehnai artiste was born into a musically talented family were strong foundations were laid .
 a Shehnai artiste love for music grew from a Shehnai artiste early boyhood years .
 a Shehnai artiste accepted Sri Matamari Veeranna as a Shehnai artiste Guru and also continued to practice under the guidance of Sri Venkatappa from whom Sri Venkatappa learnt to sing .
 a Shehnai artiste learned Hindustani classical music from the late Pandit Siddarama Jambladinni a famous vocalist belonging to the Gwalior and Jaipur Gharanas .
 After intensive practice for more than 10 years a Shehnai artiste became familiar with the intricacies and was able to give solo recitals .
 With a streak of experimentation in a Shehnai artiste after years of arduous practice a Shehnai artiste mastered playing the Clarinet adapting to Hindustani Music .
 a Shehnai artiste has perfected the art of producing a series of sounds in such a way that the listener can get a near-vocal impact .
 a Shehnai artiste can produce the elongated drawl of the `` vilambit '' portion of the gharanas in a sonorous manner .
 a Shehnai artiste subtle nuance has earned a Shehnai artiste applause among the music fraternity .
 Even today a Shehnai artiste continues to thrill the audience and transport them to raptures with a Shehnai artiste delightful rendition of `` alap '' , `` bada khayal '' and many more .
 Along with a Shehnai artiste troupe a Shehnai artiste has not only performed in Karnataka , India but also in U.K. , USA and France and won paeans of admiration from the audience .
 For a decade now , a Shehnai artiste passion to spread music has inspired a Shehnai artiste to set up Music Academy `` Swara Sangama Sangeetha Vidyalaya '' at Wadavati in Raichur Taluk and `` Pandit Narasimalu Wadavati Music Academy '' at Bangalore .
Chairman - Karnataka Sangeetha Nrutya Academy - Govt .
 of Karnataka .
 Karnataka Kala Tilak title by Karnataka Music and Dance Academy .
Gold Medal and Asthan Vidwan title by Shri Sharada Peetha of Shringeri Mutt by Sri Jagadguru Srimad Bharati Theertha Swamiji .
Bharatha Ratna Visweswaraiah Award by Engineering Pratistana , Bangalore in the year 1996-97 .
 Participation in Kannada Koota Conference in USA in 1997 .
 Karnataka Rajyothsava Award by Karnataka Government for 1997-98 .
Participation in Clarionet concert in CalArts , USA in 1998 .
 Honored and considered as an Outstanding Artist of the 20th Century by International Biographical Center , Cambridge .
Honored at the 68th Akhila Bharathiya Kannada Sahithya Sammelna , Bagalkot , Karnataka .
Honored with the title Hindustani Clarionet Sangeetha Ratna by Government Music College , Coimbatore , Government of Tamil Nadu .
Ex .
 Member , Experts Committee , Cultural Department , Govt .
 of Karnataka , India .
Ex .
 Member , Hindustani Music and Dance Academy , Govt .
 of Karnataka
Shanno Khurana is a noted Indian classical vocalist and composer , from the Rampur-Sahaswan gharana of Hindustani classical music .
 A disciple of the doyen of the gharana , Ustad Mushtaq Hussain Khan , Rampur-Sahaswan is known for performing rare bandish and raag , though Rampur-Sahaswan singing style includes genres like khayal , tarana , thumri , dadra , tappa , to chaiti and bhajan .
 Born and brought up in Jodhpur , Rampur-Sahaswan started singing on All India Radio in 1945 in Lahore , later shifted to Delhi , where Rampur-Sahaswan continued Rampur-Sahaswan singing on All India Radio , Delhi and in concerts and music festivals .
 Rampur-Sahaswan also pursued music education , finally earning her M. Phil M. Phil .
and PhD in music from the Kairagarh University , and has undertakes extensive research on folk music of Rajasthan .
 Rampur-Sahaswan was awarded the Padma Shri in 1991 , followed by the Padma Bhushan in 2006 , the third highest civilian honour given by Government of India .
 In 2002 , Rampur-Sahaswan was conferred the Sangeet Natak Akademi Fellowship , the highest honour in the performing arts conferred by the Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy for Music , Dance and Drama .
 Shanno Khurana was born and brought in a Punjabi family in Jodhpur , Rajasthan .
 a Punjabi family in Jodhpur , Rajasthan was a family on non-musicians , of doctors , engineers , and people working in foreign services .
 But a Punjabi family in Jodhpur , Rajasthan interest in music grew in a Punjabi family in Jodhpur , Rajasthan early age , when a Punjabi family in Jodhpur , Rajasthan saw a Punjabi family in Jodhpur , Rajasthan brother learning from musicologist and vocalist Pandit Raghunath Rao Musalgaonkar , a disciple and nephew of Raja Bhaiya Poonchwale of Gwalior gharana .
 However , a Punjabi family in Jodhpur , Rajasthan conservative family didnt allow girls to learn music , but when a Punjabi family in Jodhpur , Rajasthan father saw listening intently to classical music on radio , he allowed a Punjabi family in Jodhpur , Rajasthan to start a Punjabi family in Jodhpur , Rajasthan musical training at age 12 under Pandit Raghunath Rao Musalgaonkar .
 Shanno Khurana was married at age 18 , to a dentist with the Indian Air Force and shifted to Lahore , though a Punjabi family in Jodhpur , Rajasthan continued singing at All India Radio , Lahore , starting in 1945 .
 After partition of India , a Punjabi family in Jodhpur , Rajasthan family had to shift to Delhi , where a Punjabi family in Jodhpur , Rajasthan husband left Air Force and started his private practice .
 However , at the insistence of a Punjabi family in Jodhpur , Rajasthan husband , a Punjabi family in Jodhpur , Rajasthan started a Punjabi family in Jodhpur , Rajasthan riyaz once again , despite having two young children and an ailing mother-in-law .
 a Punjabi family in Jodhpur , Rajasthan practiced with tabla maestro Pandit Chatur Lal , which continued for the following 16 years , and soon singing on radio as well .
 Meanwhile , Nirmala Joshi , who was secretary of the Sangeet Natak Akademi at the time , invited Nirmala Joshi to teach classical music at Nirmala Joshi music school , Sangeet Bharati at Mandi House in Delhi .
 Subsequently , Nirmala Joshi was introduced to Nirmala Joshi next teacher via Nirmala Joshi husband , when musicologist and chief producer at AIR , Delhi , Thakur Jaidev Singh happened to be AIR , Delhi , Thakur Jaidev Singh patient .
 AIR , Delhi , Thakur Jaidev Singh helped Nirmala Joshi get confidence as Nirmala Joshi started touring to Turkey , Iran , Greece and other areas as a part of cultural delegations sponsored by Government of India .
 Besides performing at notable music festival across India through the 1960s and 70s , including Tansen Sammelan , Gwalior , Harvallabh Festival , Jalandhar , and Haridas Music Harvallabh Festival , Mumbai .
 Tansen Sammelan taught Nirmala Joshi the purab-ang Thumri , and later insisted Nirmala Joshi on joining the Indira Kala Sangeet University at Khairagarh , Madhya Pradesh , where eminent musicologist and teacher S. N. Ratanjankar who has remained principal of Bhatkhande Music Institute , was the Vice Chancellor at the time .
 AIR , Delhi , Thakur Jaidev Singh was Nirmala Joshi guide through Nirmala Joshi M. Phil and PhD in music , wherein Nirmala Joshi undertook an extensive study-tour of Rajasthan , for Nirmala Joshi research on the folk music traditions of Rajasthan , tappa and folk songs .
 For the next three years , travelled back and forth from Delhi , but managed to complete Nirmala Joshi education .
 Nirmala Joshi went on to training under V. R. Athawale of Gwalior Gharana and S. N. Ratanjankar of Agra gharana , both of whom taught Nirmala Joshi rare ragas , further expanding Nirmala Joshi repertoire .
 Finally , at the request of AIR , Delhi , Thakur Jaidev Singh , Nirmala Joshi trained under the doyen of Rampur-Sasawan gharana , singer Ustad Mushtaq Hussain Khan , who was then teaching at the Bharatiya Kala Kendra in Delhi .
 However , Mushtaq Hussain first tested Nirmala Joshi skills for over five months , finally one day when Nirmala Joshi successfully sang Raag Nayaki-Kanada , Raag Nayaki-Kanada took Nirmala Joshi on formally as a student , via the ganda-bandh ceremony .
 After his untimely death in 1964 , Nirmala Joshi continued Nirmala Joshi training under his son , the Ustad Ishtiaq Hussain Khan .
 This extensive and varied training helped Nirmala Joshi expand Nirmala Joshi musical repertoire to include rare raagas and bandish , besides khayal , tarana , thumri , dadra , chaiti and bhajan , besides tappas and jangra , a folk form of Rajasthan .
 Over the years , Nirmala Joshi has been involving in not just research and documentation of aprachalit ragas , but also promoting This extensive and varied training through music festivals and lecdem series .
 Nirmala Joshi organization , Geetika , organizes music festivals for women , and tala vadya kutcheri , an all-woman music festival , Bhairav se Sohni , held in 1983 and all-woman festival on aprachalit raags held in 1996 .
 Over the years Nirmala Joshi composed directed and sung five full-length musicals , experimenting both with classical music as well as folk music styles .
 Nirmala Joshi operas include Heer Ranjha with Sheila Bhatia , in which Nirmala Joshi also played the lead role , Sohni Mahiwal in Punjabi , where in Ustad Mushtaq Hussain , son of Nirmala Joshi guru sang with Nirmala Joshi , Jahanaraa in Urdu , Chitralekha , based on the story by Bhagwati Charan Verma and directed by B.V. Karanth has music composed on 80 classical ragas , and Sundari , based on the novel by the same name written by Bhai Vir Singh in 1979 .
 In 2006 , Nirmala Joshi music album of genre of tappas , titled Sufi Raah was released by Parzor Foundation .
 Shanno Khurana was awarded the Padma Shri in 1991 , followed by the Padma Bhushan in 2006 , the fourth and the third highest civilian honour respectively given by Government of India .
 In 2002 , Nirmala Joshi was conferred the Sangeet Natak Akademi Fellowship , the highest honour in the performing arts conferred by the Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy for Music , Dance and Drama .
and was later made a board member of the Sangeet Natak Akademi
Roshan Ara Begum was a Hindustani classical vocalist .
 In Pakistan Hindustani is revered as Mallika-e-Mauseeqi .
 As the daughter of Ustad Abdul Haqq Khan , Roshan Ara linked through the daughter of Ustad Abdul Haqq Khan cousin Ustad Abdul Karim Khan to Kirana Gharana .
 Born in Calcutta in or around 1917 , Roshan Ara Begum visited Lahore , the cultural centre of Pakistan during the daughter of Ustad Abdul Haqq Khan teens to participate in musical soirees held at the residences of affluent citizens of Chun Peer in Mohalla Peer Gillaanian at Mochi Gate .
 During the daughter of Ustad Abdul Haqq Khan occasional visits to the city the daughter of Ustad Abdul Haqq Khan also broadcast songs from the then All India Radio station , and the daughter of Ustad Abdul Haqq Khan name was announced as Bombaywali Roshan Ara Begum .
 the daughter of Ustad Abdul Haqq Khan had acquired this popular nomenclature because the daughter of Ustad Abdul Haqq Khan shifted to Mumbai , then known as Bombay , in the late 1930s to live near Ustad Abdul Karim Khan , from whom the daughter of Ustad Abdul Haqq Khan took lessons in Hindustani classical music for fifteen years .
 the daughter of Ustad Abdul Haqq Khan performance in Chun Peers abode in early 1941 pleasantly surprised local heavyweights and connoisseurs with the daughter of Ustad Abdul Haqq Khan expertise in rendering classical compositions .
 In Mumbai , the daughter of Ustad Abdul Haqq Khan lived in a sprawling bungalow with the daughter of Ustad Abdul Haqq Khan husband Chaudhry Mohammed Hussain , a police officer .
 Possessing a rich , mature and mellifluous voice that could easily lend Mumbai to a wide range of intricate classical music pieces , Roshan Ara employed the daughter of Ustad Abdul Haqq Khan natural talent in the promotion of the art , which requires a high degree of cultivation and training .
 the daughter of Ustad Abdul Haqq Khan singing features a full-throated voice , short and delicate passages of sur , lyricism , romantic appeal and swift taans .
 All these flourishes were combined in the daughter of Ustad Abdul Haqq Khan unique style that reached Her singing peak from 1945 to 1982 .
 the daughter of Ustad Abdul Haqq Khan vigorous style of singing was interspersed with bold strokes and layakari .
 Migrating to Pakistan in 1948 after the partition of India , Roshan Ara Begum settled in Lalamusa , a small town from which the daughter of Ustad Abdul Haqq Khan husband hailed .
 Although far away from Lahore , the cultural centre of Pakistan , the cultural centre of Pakistan , the daughter of Ustad Abdul Haqq Khan would travel back and forth to participate in music and radio programmes .
 Visual and audio recording-devices have preserved the richness of Roshan Aras music -- which often overflowed with tonal modulations -- Roshan Aras music sweetness and delicacy of gamaks and the daughter of Ustad Abdul Haqq Khan slow progression of raags .
Roshan Ara Begum also sang some film songs , mostly under music composers like Anil Biswas , Feroze Nizami and Tassaduq Hussain .
 the daughter of Ustad Abdul Haqq Khan sang for well-known films such as Pahali Nazar , , Qismat , Roopmati Baazbahadur and Neela Parbat .
 the daughter of Ustad Abdul Haqq Khan died in Pakistan in 1982 at the approximate age of sixty-five
 Shubha Mudgal is a well-known Indian singer of Hindustani classical music , Khayal , Thumri , Dadra , Thumri , Dadra , and popular Indian Pop music .
 Shubha Mudgal has been awarded the 1996 National Film Award for Best Non-Feature Film Music Direction for Amrit Beej , the 1998 Gold Plaque Award for Special Achievement in Music , at the 34th Chicago International Film Festival , for Shubha Mudgal music in the film Dance of the Wind , and the Padma Shri in 2000 .
 Shubha Mudgal is also close to movements like ANHAD and SAHMAT .
 Born in an academic family to Skand and Jaya Gupta in Allahabad , Uttar Pradesh , Uttar Pradesh .
Both her parents were Professors of English Literature at Allahabad University , with deep interest in Classical Hindustani Music and Kathak .
Her paternal grandfather , Prof. P. C. Gupta was also a Professor at Allahabad University .
She attended St. Marys Convent Inter College .
As a young girl she started learning Kathak in Allahabad following the foot steps of her sister .
She once replied to a dance examiners routine query of Aap kis gharaane ki naachti hain ?
with the retort , Hum apne gharaane ki naachte hain .
She later switched to Hindustani Classical Music as her vocation of choice while maintaining the same individualistic attitude .
 Her first traditional teacher was Pandit Ramashreya Jha in Allahabad , Uttar Pradesh .
 Shubha Mudgal moved to New Delhi , and enrolled at the Delhi University .
 Shubha Mudgal continued Shubha Mudgal musical education under Pandit Vinaya Chandra Mudgalya at the urging of Shubha Mudgal first guru .
 After graduating from the University , Shubha Mudgal training continued under Pandit Vasant Thakar in New Delhi , and more informally with other established singers as Pandit Jitendra Abhisheki , Naina Devi and Pt .
Kumar Gandharva .
 Shubha Mudgal started performing as a Hindustani classical singer in the 1980s , and gained a certain reputation as a talented singer .
 In the 1990s , Shubha Mudgal started experimenting with other forms of music , including pop and fusion varieties .
 Shubha Mudgal says , I believe in music .
 Khayal , Thumri , Dadra and Thumri are I favourites , but that does not mean that I should not experiment with other forms .
 Why should I curtail I musical urges ?
 asks the singer and adds , I want to allow the artist in I to come through .
 If you are a musician , how can you say , this one is from devotional poetry , so I am not going to sing it .
 In addition to Shubha Mudgal recordings and concerts , Shubha Mudgal briefly ran a website called raagsangeet.com aimed at lovers of Classical Indian Music .
 Shubha Mudgal sang the title track of Star Plus s No. 1 serial Diya Aur Baati Hum along with Kailash Kher .
It is a very soulful , classical - based Rajasthani folk song .
 After graduating from the Delhi University , Shubha Mudgal married Pt .
 Shubha Mudgal son Mukul Mudgal who was a promising lawyer .
Shubha Mudgal however got divorced from him , and married Aneesh Pradhan .
 Shubha Mudgal only son from Shubha Mudgal previous marriage , Dhaval , is a member of a Delhi-based band and a promising poker player
Riyaz is an Urdu language term used for music practice , for honing of Hindustani classical music vocal as well as instrument skills .
Sadhakam or Sadhana in Carnatic music .
 Sadhakam is followed rigorously by the students as well as exponents of vocal as well as dancing forms .
 The Riyaaz or Sadhakam , which often starts early in the morning at four , is taken seriously by the students for Riyaaz or Sadhakam requires intensity , discipline and commitment for years and forms an important component in the Guru - Shishya parampara .
 In Carnatic music , the impression is that the assiduous sadhakam of the Trinity of Carnatic Music was the bedrock of the excellence of the old-world vidwans
 Bhopali , also known as Bhoop , Bhoop or Bhupali , is a Hindustani classical raga .
It is a pentatonic scale .
Most of the songs in this raga are based on Bhakti rasa .
The same raga in Carnatic music is known as Mohanam .
Writing about the musical theory of Indian classical music is fraught with complications .
There is no universally accepted set of rules or formal method of writing notations .
However , the Bhatkhande and Paluskar paddhatis are the two ways of writing down musical notations .
Indian music has always been more of an aural tradition , and written word has never been an essential part of imparting talim .
Note : Normally written swaras indicate the middle octave .
A swara immediately followed by 1 indicates the mandra saptak and indicates the taar saptak .
Behavior refers to practical aspects of the music .
 It is complicated to talk about this for Hindustani music since many of the concepts are fluid , changing , or archaic .
 The following information can not be accurate , but The following information can attempt to reflect how the music existed .
Bor , Joep .
Rao , Suvarnalata ; der Meer , Wim van ; Harvey , Jane The Raga Guide : A Survey of 74 Hindustani Ragas .
Zenith Media , London : 1999
Anindo Chatterjee is an Indian tabla player from Farukhabad gharana .
 Pandit Biswanath Chatterjee was born in a musical family .
 Pandit Biswanath Chatterjee uncle Pt .
Debiprasad Chatterjee is an eminent sitar player of this country .
 Pandit Biswanath Chatterjee younger sister Smt .
 Keka Mukherjee is a leading sitar player of AIR and also well known for His younger sister Smt . solo performance .
 Keka Mukherjee is a disciple of Pt .
Jnan Prakash Ghosh .
 Gifted with an ability to summon crystal-clear melodies from Jnan Prakash Ghosh . drums , Anindo Chatterjee evolved into one of the worlds greatest tabla players .
 The director of the Farrukhabad Gharana of Tabla , founded by Haji Vilayat Khan Saheb , Pandit Biswanath Chatterjee continues to give new voice to his instrument .
 In addition to solo performances and recordings , Pandit Biswanath Chatterjee worked with sitar players Nikhil Banerjee , Imrat Khan , Budhaditya Mukherjee , and Rais Khan , Ustad Amjad Ali Khan , Ustad Sahid Parvej Pt.Manilal Nag , sarod players Buddhadev Das Gupta and Ali Akbar Khan , Ustad Amjad Ali Khan , Tejendra Narayan Majumder , flutist Hariprasad Chaurasia ; santoor player Pandit Shivkumar Sharma ; and vocalists Pandit Mallikarjun Mansur and Gangubai Hangal .
 Inspired by Pandit Biswanath Chatterjee uncle , Pandit Biswanath Chatterjee , Pandit Biswanath Chatterjee began playing tabla at the age of five .
Studying briefly with Ustad Afaq Hussain Khan of the Lucknow Gharana , he advanced to Pandit Jnan Prakash Ghosh , with whom he studied for three decades .
 The recipient of the prestigious Presidents Award in 1970 , Pandit Biswanath Chatterjee became the first table player to perform in the House of Commons 20 years later .
He performed at Rashtrapati Bhavan when U.S. President Barack Obama visited India in November 2010 .
 Pandit Biswanath Chatterjee received the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award for 2002
Pritam Bhattacharjee is an Indian classical vocalist .
 Pritam Bhattacharjee sings in Hindustani style of music .
 Pritam Bhattacharjee was born to Monjushree Bhattacharjee , a musician .
 Pritam Bhattacharjee was trained under Amarendra Chakraborty until the age of 14 .
 Pritam Bhattacharjee also trained under Pandit Jasraj .
 Pritam Bhattacharjee started Pritam Bhattacharjee career after training under Pandit Jasraj .
 Pritam Bhattacharjee has performed solos in many concerts and festivals in India and abroad .
 Pritam Bhattacharjee is a teacher at the Pandit Jasraj School of Music Foundation , Atlanta Chapter
Bhaskar Nath is an Indian classical instrumentalist .
 Bhaskar Nath plays the Shehnai beloning to Meerut Shehnai Gharana .
 Bhaskar Nath is a child prodigy .
Bhaskar Nath was born in New Delhi in a family of musicians originally hailing from Meerut to classical singer Pandit Vishwanath and K Rajlaxmi .
 Bhaskar Nath uncle is Pandit Jagannath , a renowned Shehnai player .
 He started learning Shehanai and Harmonium since young age under guidance of Shehanai grandfather Om Prakash .
He is schooling at Delhi Public School .
He is training under legendary vocalist Pandit Jasraj .
 Bhaskar Nath gave Bhaskar Nath first solo performance at the age of 10 .
 Bhaskar Nath renders in Ragas in Gayaki ang , Banarasi dhun , Thumri , Chaiti , Thumri / Chaiti / Kajri and a special in Tappa .
 Bhaskar Nath performed at the major festivals like the prestigious Sawai Gandharva Bhimsen Festival in 2010 , Pandit Motiram Pandit Maniram Sangeet Samaroh in 2011 .
Bhaskar Nath belongs to a family of renowned musicians of Meerut Shehnai Gharana .
 Bhaskar Nath started Bhaskar Nath early training in Shehnai , Flute , and Harmonium at a very young age under the guidance of Bhaskar Nath grand father , the Late .
Pt .
 Om Prakash , guidance of his grandfather Om Prakash paternal uncle , the Late .
Pt .
 Jagannath who was an internationally acclaimed Shehnai Vadak and guidance of his grandfather Om Prakash father the renowned vocalist of Kirana Gharana , Pt .
 Pandit Vishwanath .
 Pandit Vishwanath is currently learning the fine nuances of music under Guru Shishya Parampra from `` Padam Vibhushan '' Sangeet Marthond , Pt .
Jasraj ji .
Bhaskar Nath has performed in many prestigious concerts .
 Bhaskar Nath performances have received rave reviews from press and public alike .
 Bhaskar Nath has imbided Bhaskar Nath paternal uncle , Pt .
 Jagannath ji 's highly colourful imaginative style of rendering Raga 's in the gayaki ang / style and Banarsi Dhune / Thumri / Chaiti / Kajri & spl .
In Tappa .
A few of the concerts where Bhaskar Nath has performed are as follows : -
Premadasa Hegoda is a Sri Lankan sitarist .
 Premadasa Hegoda has lived in Japan since 1974 .
Hegoda studied with Ravi Shankar .
 Ravi Shankar is an associate professor of Music at the University of Tokyo and also teaches Indian music at Takasaki Art College .
 Ravi Shankar also operates the Premadasa Institute of Indian Music in Tokyo .
 Ravi Shankar composed the first sitar concerto in Japan , sponsored by Nihon Television , which was performed with the Yomiuri Symphony Orchestra and the Tokyo Philharmonic Orchestra
 Munawar Ali Khan was a Hindustani classical singer of the Kasur Patiala Gharana .
 Munawar Ali Khan was the son of the maestro Bade Ghulam Ali Khan .
 Munawar Ali Khan was taught by Munawar Ali Khan father Bade Ghulam Ali Khan and Munawar Ali Khan uncle Barkat Ali Khan .
 Munawar Ali Khan also learnt Dhrupad from Hussainuddin Dagar .
 Munawar Ali Khan accompanied Munawar Ali Khan father to all Munawar Ali Khan concerts and became an integral part of Munawar Ali Khan fathers recital after Munawar Ali Khan father had a paralytic attack in early 1961 .
 Munawar Ali Khan had a full-throated voice with open aakar and Munawar Ali Khan style differed from Munawar Ali Khan fathers quicksilver style .
 After Munawar Ali Khan fathers demise in 1968 Munawar Ali Khan started giving solo concerts and bravely faced the challenge as the Khalifa of the Kasur Patiala Gharana .
 Munawar Ali Khan was an A-grade artist at All India Radio .
 Munawar Ali Khan also joined Bharatiya Kala Kendra in Delhi as a music teacher .
 Munawar Ali Khan performed in major music festivals in India and abroad .
 Munawar Ali Khan toured extensively in Germany , Switzerland , U.K. , France , Australia and represented India in Afghanistan in 1986 and in Pakistan in 1984 .
 Munawar Ali Khan has several discs to Munawar Ali Khan credit both in India and abroad , released by Audiorec , HMV , EMI Music and Sony Nad .
 With Sandhya Mukherjee Munawar Ali Khan also sang for a Bengali film Jaijawanti .
 Munawar Ali Khan created many khyal and thumri bandishes as well as geets and ghazals .
 Munawar Ali Khan sang ragas which were not very popular in Munawar Ali Khan Gharana , such as Shuddh Kalyan , Bairagi Bhairav , Abhogi Kanada , Suha Kanada , Devgiri Bilawal , and Ahir Bhairav and Munawar Ali Khan created a new raga named Malini Basant .
 Munawar Ali Khan was also a successful teacher ; Munawar Ali Khan students include Ajoy Chakraborty , Indira Misra , Primila Puri , Sanjukta Ghosh , Sajjad Ali and Kumar Mukherjee .
 This Kasur Patiala legacy is now carried by Raza Ali Khan son Raza Ali Khan and Raza Ali Khan nephews Jawad Ali Khan , Mazhar Ali Khan , Naqi Ali Khan , and Abdul Aziz Khan .
Munawar Ali Khan died at age of 59 in Kolkata on 13 October 1989
Taufiq Qureshi is an Indian classical musician .
 Taufiq Qureshi is a percussionist and a composer .
Born in Mumbai , to legendary tabla player , Ustad Alla Rakha .
 Ustad Alla Rakha eldest brother is tabla player , Ustad Zakir Hussain .
 His eldest brother received guidance from Ghatam Vidhwan , Pandit Vikku Vinayakram .
 Taufiq Quereshi started Taufiq Quereshi career early .
 Taufiq Quereshi stint with live performances began with the creation of Taufiq Quereshi own world music band , ` Surya ' way back in 1986-87 .
 Taufiq Quereshi has been featured as a performing artiste on the 2009 - Grammy award winning album Global Drum Project , Remember Shakti , Masters of Percussions and Summit .
 Taufiq Quereshi collaborates with various classical artists for fusion concerts .
 A dedicated self-learner , Taufiq Quereshi soon discovered A dedicated self-learner greatest asset ; ' a feel for the world of sound with all it 's intricate nuances ' .
 This quality makes A dedicated self-learner one of the most sought after rhythm-programmers , arranger-composers and percussionists in the world of studio recordings .
 A dedicated self-learner plays a variety of percussion instruments like djembe , duff , bongos , batajon .
 A dedicated self-learner performance on drums with a soft beat of a muffled drum and the very next moment ups the tempo and demonstration of different sounds - like breath , rhythm , breaking a champagne bottle , the sound of the train and the arrival of people , horses and others on arrival at the palace on the drums are quite popular .
 Taufiq Quereshi has done pioneering work on the African drum - Djembe .
 Taufiq Quereshi is the first artiste to have developed a unique rhythmic language to adapt the Tabla syllables on the Djembe .
Taufiq 's trademark style incorporates body and vocal percussions to create unique rhythmic motifs spanning across cultures .
 Taufiq Quereshi sense of tone and command over a wide variety of percussion instruments is phenomenal .
 For over a decade , Taufiq Quereshi has been imparting training to deserving students , some of whom are now making their mark .
 ADVERTISEMENT JINGLES Taufiq Quereshi has been a composer/co-composer/percussionist for ADVERTISEMENT JINGLES He .
Some of the popular ones are : Manikchand Paan Masala-Unche Log unchi Pasand , Babool toothpaste , Taj Mahal Brookebond Tea-Wah Taj , Tanishq Jewelry , Britannia GoodDay Biscuits , Coke-Sar Utha Ke Jiyo , Paragon footwear , Sony Bravia , Hit Spray , Pepsi-Indian Cricket team / World Cup , Indian Railways , Nike shoes-Parallel Journey .
GOLD at the CANNES FILM FESTIVAL for Best Music for the INDIAN RAILWAYS JINGLE .
 GOLD at the LONDON INTERNATIONAL AWARDS - LasVegas for Original Music for the Nike JINGLE - Parallel Journey .
He also been a part of background score and music for movies like Damini , To Pakistan , , -LSB- Ashoka , Kashmir , Black , Dil Chahta Hai , Sawariya , Dhoom 2 , Bhool Bhulaiya , Parzania , Tere Naam , Jab We Met , Action Replay , Housefull 2 , Tez , ABCD , Bhaag Milkha Bhaag .
Taufiq Qureshi is married to Geetika Varde , a renowned vocalist of the Jaipur-Atrauli gharana
The Raga Guide is a 1999 Nimbus Records compilation of 74 Hindustani ragas on four CDs .
 The Raga Guide includes a textbook edited by Joep Bor with information and western-style transcriptions of the ragas and a catalogue of two sets of ragamala plates , dated to ca. 1610 and 1650 .
The 1610 plates are painted in the Mughal style .
The featured artists are Vidyadhar Vyas , Shruti Sadolikar-Katkar , Buddhadev Das Gupta , and Hariprasad Chaurasia
Dilshad Khan is a Bengali Hindustani classical singer of the Patiala Gharana .
Dilshad Khan was born Arabinda Dasgupta in Kolkata , the second son of civil servant P M Dasgupta and Bhabani Dasgupta .
 Dilshad Khan was named as Arabinda Dasgupta .
Dilshad is the younger brother of eminent sarod maestro Buddhadev Das Gupta .
 Dilshad attended St. Xaviers Collegiate School , Kolkata , where future music composer R. D. Burman was future music composer R. D. Burman classmate .
 Dilshad started learning tabla at the age of four , but later took up singing under the guidance of N.C. Chakravorty , Hidan Banarjee and Gyan Prakash Ghosh .
 Dilshad was inspired by Ustad Bade Ghulam Ali Khan .
After moving permanently to Mumbai Khan became a disciple of eminent Kirana gharana vocalist Padmashree Ustad Faiyaz Ahmed Khan .
He gave up a lucrative career as a marine engineer .
Dilshad Khan is married to classical vocalist , Parveen Sultana .
They have a daughter
Sawai Gandharva Bhimsen Festival edition of the festival is also held in Hyderabad , India at the historical Chowmahalla Palace .
 It was organised for the first time in Hyderabad in February 2012 .
It is organised by Mohan Hemmadi and Abhijit Bhattacharjee .
It was decided to make it an annual event in Hyderabad like the Pune edition , and possibly an all-night event .
The festival started on a wrong note with police denying permission and the show on the first day had to be curtailed .
And the police gave a limited permission till 10 p.m. in the night , making it difficult for artists to be accommodated well in stipulated time
Ustad Vilayat Hussain Khan Sahib was a prominent musician of the Agra Gharana , who excelled both as singer and teacher .
 Ustad Vilayat Hussain Khan Sahib father , Natthan Khan , was Natthan Khan an acclaimed performing artist of Natthan Khan time , and a noted guru .
 Vilayat Hussain Khans elder brothers were also noted singers and taught Vilayat Hussain Khans elder brothers after their fathers early death .
 Abdullah Khan was Natthan Khans son who was several years senior to Abdullah Khan brother Vilayat Hussain Khans elder brothers .
Vilayat Hussain Khan , the singer , is not to be confused with the famous and controversial sitar player Vilayat Khan .
 Vilayat Khan the singer had several disciples in Maharashtra , and the region owes its eminence in Hindustani music to the work of generous teachers like Ustad Vilayat Hussain Khan Sahib , Balakrishnabuwa Ichalkaranjikar , Alladiya Khan , and Abdul Karim Khan .
 Ustad Vilayat Hussain Khan Sahib most famous guru-shishya relationship was with Jagannathbuwa Purohit and each of several disciples in Maharashtra composed several bandishes dedicated to the other .
 Vilayat Abdullah Khan singing from Abdullah Khan later years is available through commercial releases and private collectors .
Vilayat Hussain Khan composed bandishes in many ragas including some very rare ones under the nome de plume Pran Piya .
 Ustad Vilayat Hussain Khan received Ustad Vilayat Hussain Khan Sahib early training in hindustani classical music from Ustad Vilayat Hussain Khan Sahib father Natthan Khan who was one of the pioneers of the Agra Gharana .
 After Ustad Vilayat Hussain Khan Sahib fathers death , Ustad Vilayat Hussain Khan Sahib was trained by Ustad Vilayat Hussain Khan Sahib uncles Kallan Khan and Mohammad Baksh .
The total number of gurus of Ustad Vilayat Hussain Khan sahib are estimated at around 42 which include aftab-e-mousiqi Ustad Faiyaz Khan .
 Ustad Vilayat Hussain Khan Sahib most famous guru-shishya relationship was with Jagannathbuwa Purohit and each of them composed several bandishes dedicated to each other .
 Some of Ustad Vilayat Hussain Khan Sahib well known students include Mogubai Kurdikar , Pandit Yashpaul , Jagannathbuwa Purohit , Menaka Shirodkar , Ratnakant Ramnathkar , Ram Marathe , Gajananrao Joshi and Girija Kelekar .
 Some of his well known students son Yunus Hussain Khan is a prominent name in Agra Gharana as well
Yogesh Samsi born to renowned vocalist Pandit Dinkar Kaikini .
 Yogesh Samsi father the eminent vocalist Dinkar Kaikini initiated Yogesh Samsi at the age of six .
At the age of four he started learning the tabla from Pandit H. Taranth Rao .
Later , he sought the guidance of Ustad Allarakha Khan , one of the greatest percussionists .
He spent 23 years under the tutelage of Allarakha .
Yogesh Samsi has accompanied the top grade instrumentalists and vocalists and dancers of India , including Ustad Vilayat Khan , Pt Dinkar Kaikini , Pandit Bhimsen Joshi , Pt Shivkumar Sharma , Pt Hariprasad Chaurasia , Ustad Amjad Ali Khan and Pt Birju Maharaj .
 Yogesh Samsi strives to keep up Yogesh Samsi revered Gurus word of preserving the tradition in the presentation of tabla solo .
 Yogesh Samsi also appeared in the first episode of Idea Jalsa with Shivkumar Sharma & Takahiro Arai
Pandit Mukul Shivputra is a Hindustani Classical vocalist of the Gwalior Gharana and the son and foremost disciple of Pt .
Kumar Gandharva .
Born in Bhopal to Bhanumati Komkalimath and Pt .
 Kumar Gandharva , Pt .
 Pandit Mukul Shivputra took to musical training early on from Pandit Mukul Shivputra father .
 Pandit Mukul Shivputra continued Pandit Mukul Shivputra musical education in Dhrupad and Dhamar with Pt .
K. G. Ginde and in Carnatic Music with M. D. Ramanathan .
 Since K. G. Ginde teens , Pt .
 Pandit Mukul Shivputra regularly accompanied Pandit Mukul Shivputra father on Tanpura for vocal support .
In 1975 , Pt .
 Pandit Mukul Shivputra , then known as Mukul Komkalimath , debuted Pandit Mukul Shivputra first performance at the 23rd Sawai Gandharva Music Festival being the first in Pandit Mukul Shivputra generation of singers to debut a performance at the prestigious venue .
 Since Pandit Mukul Shivputra wifes death , Pt .
 Pandit Mukul Shivputra has performed infrequently and irregularly in the public , which most attribute to Pandit Mukul Shivputra drug addictions and alcoholism .
Pt .
 Pandit Mukul Shivputra is also known for Pandit Mukul Shivputra temperamental antics on the concert stage , from lecturing Pandit Mukul Shivputra accompanists on how to play their instruments , to showing up drunk to Pandit Mukul Shivputra performances .
Pt .
 Pandit Mukul Shivputra lost Pandit Mukul Shivputra wife after the birth of their son , Bhuvanesh Komkalimath who Pandit Mukul Shivputra is a vocalist .
Pt Mukul Shivputra has been treated for addiction at Indore Deaddiction Clinic .
 Pandit Mukul Shivputra currently lives in Pune and is quite back to a normal life .
 As per this interview titled The Raga of Truth in 2010 Pandit Mukul Shivputra has chosen a life of a fakir and chooses to wander in search of finding the essence of the Ragas Pandit Mukul Shivputra sings , just like the ancient seers of Marga Sangeet .
 As per the interview Pandit Mukul Shivputra is convinced that Pandit Mukul Shivputra can realise the truth of a raga the way Pandit Mukul Shivputra elders realised .
 A raga itself is a means to salvation for a vocalist , Pandit Mukul Shivputra believes .
 And Pandit Mukul Shivputra lives what Pandit Mukul Shivputra realises
David A. Immergluck is an American multi-instrumentalist who is best known as a guitarist in the alternative rock bands Counting Crows , Camper Van Beethoven and the Monks of Doom .
 A versatile musician , David A. Immergluck plays mandolin , pedal steel guitar , electric sitar , and keyboards on a professional level , sings and harmonizes with backing vocals , and performs some songs as a slide guitarist .
David Immerglucks surname is Austrian , and roughly translates from German as always lucky .
 David A. Immergluck nickname is Immy , often coupled with the slang phrase gim me .
 David A. Immergluck began playing music in the San Francisco Bay area .
 Like other aspiring young musicians , David A. Immergluck played with various childhood friends , but began a lifetime habit of joining or sitting in with more than one band at a time , learning from the exposure to other differing musical influences and interests .
 David A. Immergluck early began to experiment with different sounds and a growing interest in instruments beyond just the guitar .
 Performing in an esoteric rock band called Polymorph , David A. Immergluck recorded Polymorph first singles with a band named Mod-L Society ; Back To Baltimore , and Janie , in 1985 .
 By 1986 , Polymorph had moved on to a band called The Ophelias , and the same year , had spread Ophelias interests to joining other indie rock bands .
 The Monks of Doom were a side project formed by members of the popular progressive San Francisco Bay area indie rock Camper Van Beethoven .
Formed in 1986 , the Monks of Doom somehow fused post-punk sensibilities with prog rock decadence and folk tradition and elegance .
 Six months into the Monks of Doom career , original guitarist Chris Molla was expelled from the group due to original guitarist Chris Molla lack of commitment and was replaced by David A. Immergluck , who contributed guitar , pedal steel , vocals , and keyboards in the group .
 One Allmusic critic compared the Monks of Doom work to pop experimentalists Frank Zappa and Syd Barrett .
Bassist Victor Krummenacher noted , We were interested in doing slightly more outside music that had heavier and more progressive tendencies .
 One was an outside expansion , a chance to go wherever We imagination took We .
 David A. Immergluck described the sonic chemistry between that of David A. Immergluck and Lisher , the bands two guitarists , as music that seemed to juxtapose the chaotic and the beautiful , the raw bluster and the ornate .
 David A. Immergluck also joined Camper Van Beethoven as a member for the final tours of their initial run , prior to their breakup in 1990 .
 The Monks of Doom intensified the Monks of Doom activity after this , ultimately producing five albums to positive acclaim before the members took a long reprieve in 1993 .
Both groups have since reformed - Camper Van Beethoven in 1999 , and the Monks of Doom in 2003 .
 Around 1993 , David A. Immergluck became involved with an early incarnation of the modern rock group Counting Crows albums , and has since appeared in some capacity on all of Counting Crows albums .
 Because of other musical projects , David A. Immergluck initially functioned only as a session player .
 With David A. Immergluck skills on a variety of guitars , including both slide guitar and pedal steel guitar , mandolin , keyboards and backing vocals , David A. Immergluck easily fell into place with old friends from the San Francisco Bay scene .
 Since 1999 , David A. Immergluck has been a permanent member of the band , touring and recording .
 David A. Immergluck joined another band , Glider , during the time David A. Immergluck was contributing to the Monks of Doom .
 David A. Immergluck has also performed as both a session musician and a sideman with a wide range of other artists , including John Hiatt , Chantal Kreviazuk , Elan Sara Defan , Cracker , The Walkabouts , Low Stars , Jason Karaban and Sordid Humor .
 David A. Immergluck , along with Davey Faragher , was nominated for a Grammy award for Best Contemporary Folk Album in 2001 for David A. Immergluck work with John Hiatt s album Crossing Muddy Waters , a bluesy soulful album of only three performers , without drums , compared by some to the work of Tom Waits , with Immergluck contributing mandolin , 12-string guitar , and slide guitar on many songs .
In 2013 , Immergluck appeared on the opening track of Joseph Arthur s tenth studio album , The Ballad of Boogie Christ .
Extensive description of instruments on the official website in the infobox : .
 David A. Immergluck has listed a variety of musicians who were influences on David A. Immergluck music .
They include : Jimi Hendrix , Bob Dylan , The Band , Van Morrison , The Doors , Bruce Springsteen , Jerry Garcia , Guided By Voices , Peter Green , Led Zeppelin , and Miles Davis
Pandit Ajoy Chakrabarty is an Indian Hindustani classical vocalist .
 Pandit Ajoy Chakrabarty belongs to the Patiala gharana .
 Pandit Ajoy Chakrabarty was born in Kolkata , Bengal to Ajit Chakrabarty in a Hindu Brahmin family .
 They moved to India from Pandit Ajoy Chakrabarty homeland , Bangladesh during the partition and raised Pandit Ajoy Chakrabarty two sons in Shyamnagar .
 Pandit Ajoy Chakrabarty younger brother , Sanjay Chakrabarty is a noted composer and music therapist .
 Pandit Ajoy Chakrabarty was a disciple of Ustad Munawar Ali Khan .
 Pandit Ajoy Chakrabarty is also a first class graduate from the Rabindra Bharati University .
 Pandit Ajoy Chakrabarty showed extraordinary promise in vocal music and at the age of three , began taking lessons from Pandit Ajoy Chakrabarty father Ajit Chakrabarty .
 Pandit Ajoy Chakrabarty then learnt from Pannalal Samanta and Kanai Das Bairagi and later became a student of Padma Bhushan Pandit Jnan Prakash Ghosh .
 In 1969 , Pandit Ajoy Chakrabarty training took a decisive turn as Pandit Ajoy Chakrabarty became a disciple of Ustad Munawar Ali Khan , son of the legendary maestro of the Patiala-Kasur gharana , Ustad Bade Ghulam Ali Khan .
 Pandit Ajoy Chakrabarty is notable for imagination and sensitivity to lyrics , coupled with Pandit Ajoy Chakrabarty uncanny sense of rhythm .
 Pandit Ajoy Chakrabarty founded and runs the Shrutinandan music academy .
 Ajoy Chakrabarty is married and Pandit Ajoy Chakrabarty daughter , Kaushiki Chakrabarty is also an upcoming talent of Hindustani classical music
Bhagwat was born in Bhilai , India .
 Bhagwat was introduced to playing sitar at the age of nine by Bhagwat uncle .
 Bhagwat trained under R. N. Verma of the Maihar gharana and traveled to Bhilai at the age of 13 to train under Bimalendu Mukherjee of the Imdadkhani gharana .
 Bhagwat performed for All India Radio beginning in 1994 and was awarded a national scholarship by the Indian Ministry of Human Resource Development .
 Bhagwat performed in Bhilai , India and the United States .
 Bhagwat is based in the United States , and married .
 Bhagwat continues to train as a sitarist and listens to Indian classical singers to improve Bhagwat technique
The history of the sitar in jazz , that is the fusion of the sounds of Indian classical music with Western jazz , dates back from the late-1950s or early-1960s when musicians trained in Indian classical music such as Ravi Shankar started collaborating with jazz musicians such as Tony Scott and Bud Shank .
Later jazz recordings containing sitar music include albums by Miles Davis , Alice Coltrane , Yusef Lateef , Joe Harriott , and Ornette Coleman .
Although music based around the sitar would later spread from jazz to more popular music via The Beatles , the sitar became more widely known in the western world mainly through the work of Indian musicians such as Pandit Ravi Shankar , beginning in the late 1950s .
From there it was taken up by jazz musicians and would later became a youth phenomenon in the mid-1960s after Beatle George Harrison took lessons from Ananda Shankar , nephew of Pandit Ravi Shankar , and played sitar on several songs .
The first recorded collaboration between Indian and Jazz musicians occurred in 1961 with Ravi Shankar and a group led by the West Coast American saxophonist/flutist Bud Shank .
 Indian and Jazz musicians album entitled Improvisations only features one track , Improvisations on the theme music from Pather Panchali , in which Ravi Shankar and the Western musicians play together .
 The track is remarkable for little else ; it is simply Western film music with the sitar playing the melody .
 However , it is interesting to note that this session , and that of film composer Shankar Jaikishan , were connected the film industry , for Indian film music surely contributes the most considerable corpus of music that combines Indian and Western musics .
 However , both Ravi Shankar and Ananda Shankar are important figures with regard to Jazz because it was primarily through both Ravi Shankar and Ananda Shankar music that John Coltrane and others became aware of Indian music .
 Tony Scott recorded a track entitled Portrait of Pandit Ravi Shankar on Pandit Ravi Shankar Dedications album , as early as 1957 .
 John Coltrane met Shankar in 1965 after a long period of mutual admiration and letter writing .
Coltranes name is inextricably linked to the emergence of modal Jazz in 1958 on Miles Davis album Milestones and it is believed that modal Jazz was inspired by Indian music .
 Indian influence is an important issue in the later music of John Coltrane such as the album Kulu Se Mama and also of musicians such as Yusef Lateef and Ornette Coleman .
In America , the profile of the sitar in Jazz was maintained by Collin Walcott .
After graduating from Indiana University in 1967 , where his major study was percussion , he travelled to Los Angeles to study sitar with Ravi Shankar and tabla with Alla Rakha , then the most famous tabla player in the West .
The most significant corpus of his output was with the groups Oregon , Codona and his own quartet , despite a prolific career as a sideman for players such as Miles Davis and Egberto Gismonti .
Walcott was heavily influenced by John Coltrane s Quartet .
 Walcott , like Mayer , is musically bi-lingual which helps to explain why the Indian and Western aspects of his musics fit together far more comfortably than previous experiments .
 Whilst Mayer acted as a bridge between musicians of two cultures , Walcott , like John Coltrane , absorbed the Indian music and assimilated it within his own music .
His quartet consisted of other American musicians so that the feeling of empathy between the musicians , which is a pre-requisite of good group improvisation , is maintained .
Walcott created a sitar technique which is not found in Indian music .
This involves stopping more than one string to create harmonies , usually thirds .
The more recent excursion of the sitar into Jazz is that of the sitar player Nishat Khan who is highly regarded as an Indian Classical player .
His first experience of playing with a jazz musician was a trio with the guitarist John McLaughlin who has been collaborating with Indian musicians since the mid-seventies with groups such as Shakti .
In the Nineties , Nishat Khan was working on his own Jazz project .
He rehearsed with American alto saxophonist Steve Coleman and recorded with a band which consisted of Django Bates , Mark Mondesir , Martin France , and two drummers from Africa .
The group did not perform in public , and the recording was not released .
In 2006 , Andrew Cheshire released Silent Trees Falling , an album composed solely of .
electric sitar in a mostly trio setting .
Widely regarded as an unheralded master of jazz .
 guitar , Andrew Cheshire combined raw jazz improvisation with an eastern flavored vocabulary resulting .
in a record that captures the spontaneity of jazz coupled with the sonority of the far east .
Comparative view of jazz and Indian classical music .
Indian music is the greatest tradition of improvisation in the East .
Therefore it is unsurprising that Jazz musicians , which have become the greatest exponents of improvisation in the West , have developed a certain fascination for Indian musicians and vice versa .
 John Coltrane was fascinated by Indian music .
 Keith Jarrett returned to improvised music , after a phase of playing entirely Western Classical music , on hearing a concert of Indian Classical music which Indian Classical claims was a reminder that what I was doing was not music .
 This statement reveals that to Keith Jarrett , who is primarily a Jazz musician , Indian music contains something intrinsic to Keith Jarrett conception of music that does not exist in Western Classical music .
Both Jazz and Indian music are commonly described as improvised music but in fact , composition is integral to both arts .
Compositions are used mainly as a springboard for improvisation and would probably account for about a tenth of a performance in both traditions .
One of the functions of the composition is to define the structure upon which the improvisation is based .
In Indian music , the gat is always played at the beginning of the final portion of an exposition of a rag by the soloist and from this , the tabla player is expected to join in .
It is not uncommon for the tabla to have not been told what the tal or what tempo is to be used and would be expected to derive this information from the gat which he may not have heard before .
If the soloist wishes to change to a new tal or tempo it is signalled by playing a different gat .
The presentation of the two main instruments in jugalbandi has become common both in India and outside .
What happens in Jugalbandi is not unlike the organisation of collective improvisation in jazz , in the sense that the musicians come together in the precomposed song or whatever the basis of the piece , and otherwise take it in turns to improvise in a spirit both of cooperation and friendly cooperation .
In Jazz , the structure of the improvisation is most usually defined by the head which normally comprises a melody and a harmonic structure , but could contain more or less structural information such as changes of feel e.g. from swing to salsa , or changes of tempo or meter .
The standard form of a jazz performance would start with the ` head which might be 32 bars long .
 Then , the musicians would take The standard form of a jazz performance in turn to improvise over this cyclic structure .
The performance ends with a recapitulation of the head .
Improvisations in both musics take place within cyclic frameworks , with the notable exception of free jazz which consciously eschews predetermined structures .
The ability to learn to use these frameworks to assist and inspire improvisation is really the essence of both art forms .
Being able to maintain ones place in the tal is precisely analogous to keeping the form in Jazz playing .
In fact , there are distinct similarities between the Sam of the tal and top of the form , the first beat of repeating structure , in Jazz .
 The special feature of the Sam is that phrases either start or end on The special feature of the Sam , reinforcing the notion that the tal is a circular structure .
 Whilst there is no such formalisation in Jazz of the ` top of the form , there is no doubt that other American musicians often use the ` top of the form as the point of maximum release of tension .
This is a chronological catalogue of recordings which have featured the sitar within a jazz context .
Ravi Shankar , Kanai Dutta , Modu Mullick , Harihar Rao , Bud Shank , Dennis Budimur , Gary Peacock , Louis Hayes .
Improvisation on the Theme Music from Pather Pancali .
Joe Harriott , Eddie Blair , Pat Smythe , Rick Laird , Allan Ganley , John Mayer , Diwan Motihar , Chris Taylor , Keshav Sathe , Chandrhas Paigankar .
Joe Harriott , Shake Keane , Coleridge Goode , Allan Ganley , John Mayer , Diwan Motihar , Chandrahas Paigankar , Keshav Sathi , Chris Taylor .
Joe Harriott , Kenny Wheeler , Pat Smythe , Coleridge Goode , Jackie Dougan , John Mayer , Diwan Motihar , Chandrahas Paigankar , Keshav Sathi , Chris Taylor .
Ustad Rais Khan , Manohari Singh , John Pereira , Lucilla , Leslie Godinho , Eddie Travers , Dilip Naik , Anibal Castro , Suman , Ramakant , Dattaram , Sebastian DSouza .
Music by Shankar Jaikishan .
John Mayer , Chris Taylor , Ian Hamer , Tony Coe , Pat Smythe , Coleridge Goode , John Marshall , Diwan Motihar , Viram Jasani , Kevan .
McCandless , Glen Moore , Ralph Towner , Collin Walcott .
 McCandless , Glen Moore , Ralph Towner , Collin Walcott .
 McCandless , Glen Moore , Ralph Towner , Collin Walcott .
Collin Walcott , John Abercrombie , Dave Holland , Jack DeJohnette .
 McCandless , Glen Moore , Ralph Towner , Collin Walcott .
 McCandless , Glen Moore , Ralph Towner , Collin Walcott .
 McCandless , Glen Moore , Ralph Towner , Collin Walcott .
Miles Davis , Sonny Fortune , Carlos Garnett , John Stubblefield , Steve Grossman , David Liebman , Wally Chambers , Cedric Lawson , Herbie Hancock , Keith Jarrett , Pete Cosey , Cornell Dupree , Dominique Gaumont , Reggie Lucas , John McLaughlin , Khalil Balakrishna , Michael Henderson , Billy Cobham , Al Foster , Bernard Purdie , Airto Moreira , Mtume , Badal Roy , Additional brass and rhythm arrangements by Wade Jarcus and Billy Jackson .
Collin Walcott , John Abercrombie , Don Cherry , Palle Danielson , Dom Um Romao .
 McCandless , Glen Moore , Ralph Towner , Collin Walcott .
 McCandless , Glen Moore , Ralph Towner , Collin Walcott .
 McCandless , Glen Moore , Ralph Towner , Collin Walcott .
Collin Walcott / Don Cherry / Nana Vasconcelos - ` Codona 2 .
Collin Walcott , Don Cherry , Nana Vasconcelos , voice -RRB- .
Collin Walcott / Don Cherry / Nana Vasconcelos - ` Codona 3 .
 McCandless , Glen Moore , Ralph Towner , Collin Walcott .
 McCandless , Glen Moore , Ralph Towner , Collin Walcott .
 Andrew Cheshire , Joe Michaels , Jared Lippi , Bhooshit Dikshitar
Ananda Shankar was a Bengali musician best known for fusing Western and Eastern musical styles .
 renowned sitarist Ravi Shankar was married to Tanusree Shankar .
 Born in Almora in Uttar Pradesh , India , renowned sitarist Ravi Shankar was the son of Amala and Uday Shankar , popular dancers , and also the nephew of renowned sitarist Ravi Shankar .
 renowned sitarist Ravi Shankar studied in The Scindia School .
 renowned sitarist Ravi Shankar did not learn sitar from renowned sitarist Ravi Shankar uncle but studied instead with Lalmani Misra at Banaras Hindu University .
 In the late 1960s renowned sitarist Ravi Shankar travelled to Los Angeles , where renowned sitarist Ravi Shankar played with many contemporary musicians including Jimi Hendrix .
 There renowned sitarist Ravi Shankar was signed to Reprise Records and released renowned sitarist Ravi Shankar first self-titled album in 1970 , featuring original Indian classical material alongside sitar - based cover versions of popular hits such as The Rolling Stones Jumpin Jack Flash and The Doors Light My Fire .
 Returning to India in the early 1970s renowned sitarist Ravi Shankar continued to experiment musically and in 1975 released renowned sitarist Ravi Shankar most critically acclaimed album , Ananda Shankar And renowned sitarist Ravi Shankar Music , a jazz-funk mix of Eastern sitar , Western rock guitar , tabla and mridangam , drums and Moog synthesizers .
 Out of print for many years , Ananda Shankar And renowned sitarist Ravi Shankar Music was re-released on CD in 2005 .
 After working in India during the late 1970s and 1980s , renowned sitarist Ravi Shankar profile in the West began to rise again in the mid-1990s as renowned sitarist Ravi Shankar music found His Music way into club DJ sets , particularly in London .
 renowned sitarist Ravi Shankar music was brought to a wider audience with the release of Blue Note Records popular 1996 rare groove compilation album , Blue Juice Vol .
 1. , featuring the two standout tracks from Ananda Shankar And renowned sitarist Ravi Shankar Music , Dancing Drums and Streets of Calcutta .
Ananda Shankars only Tamil film as the Music director .
Thanks to Mr.Sridhar of Chitralaya who brought Ananda Shanker to do this Tamil Film .
 In the late 1990s renowned sitarist Ravi Shankar worked and toured in the United Kingdom with London DJ State of Bengal and others , a collaboration that would result in the Walking On album , featuring renowned sitarist Ravi Shankar trademark sitar soundscapes mixed with breakbeat and hip hop .
Walking On was released in 2000 after Shankars sudden death from heart failure the year before .
 In 2005 , renowned sitarist Ravi Shankar song Raghupati was used on the Walking , and in 2008 his song Raghupati song Dancing Drums was used on the LittleBigPlanet soundtrack .
 his song Raghupati is best known for creation of music for schooltime serial Byomkesh Bakshi broadcast on DD Nationals .
 Recently , 2010 and 2011 , his song Raghupati music has been featured in a number of episodes of popular NBC comedy show Outsourced .
Following is a list of episodes and music featured : .
Episode 103 : Party of Five - 10/7/2010 - Night in the Forest .
Episode 105 : Touched by an Anglo - 10/21/2010 - Dancing Drums .
Episode 106 : Bolloween - 10/28/2010 - Radha -- inst .
Episode 107 : Truly , Madly , Pradeeply - 11/04/2010 - Dancing Drums .
Episode 109 : Temporary Monsanity - 11/18/2010 - Dancing Drums .
 Episode 110 : Homesick to My Stomach - 12/02/2010 - Renunciation .
Episode 112 : Sari Charlie - 1/27/2011 - Exploration
Pandit Divyang Vakil , is an Indian tabla guru , composer and philosopher .
 Pandit Divyang Vakil began Pandit Divyang Vakil musical career from early childhood .
 At the age of 3 , Pandit Divyang Vakil gave Pandit Divyang Vakil first performance as the youngest drummer in Gujarat performing with a Gujarati orchestra .
 Pandit Divyang Vakil formally trained in classical tabla under three Gurus - Pandit Sudhirkumar Saxena of Ajrada gharana , Ustad Latif Ahmed Khan of Delhi gharana and Ustad Allarakha Khan of Punjab gharana .
 Over 10 years ago , Pandit Divyang Vakil renounced Pandit Divyang Vakil career as a tabla performer to dedicate Pandit Divyang Vakil wholeheartedly to teaching , composing and Pandit Divyang Vakil spiritual practices .
 In 2009 , Pandit Divyang Vakil completed Pandit Divyang Vakil 30th year of teaching tabla .
 Pandit Divyang Vakil is the founder of Rhythm Riders Music Institute in Ahmedabad , Gujarat .
 An affiliate institute of Rhythm Riders Music Institute is the Taalim School of Indian Music in the US , which is run by American disciples of Pandit Divyang Vakil .
 Students of Pandit Divyang Vakil have also established tabla schools in places such as Australia , Korea , UK and the US .
 Pandit Divyang Vakil teaches the latest and modern styles of Tabla playing as well as the classical and traditional methods , which Pandit Divyang Vakil has mastered .
 Pandit Divyang Vakil students produce a harmonious compilation of modern and classical aspects of Indian classical music .
 His students dont only learn the commercial and popular form of Tabla playing but also distinguish spiritual aspects of Tabla playing .
 Pandit Divyang Vakil is most well known for Pandit Divyang Vakil contemporary classical tabla ensemble Talavya .
 Through Pandit Divyang Vakil compositions , Pandit Divyang Vakil has given a modern form to classical tabla playing .
Talavya currently performs Vakils latest group tabla composition entitled Tabla Ecstasy .
Previous group works include Tabla Tarkhat , Tabla Taandav , Tabla Triveni , etc. .
 In 2007 , Tabla Tarkhat tabla duet called Power of Tabla was the first musical performance by Gujarati artists to be performed in the history of IIM-Ahmedabad Chaos Festival .
 Pandit Divyang Vakil has composed several full-length instrumental ensemble pieces for the international stage .
One of his most difficult works is Ardha Taal Chakra .
Ardha Taal Chakra explored half-beat Indian rhythm cycles .
Created in 2006 , it was recomposed and renamed in 2010 to become Ardha Taal Chakravyuha .
 In 2011 , Ardha Taal Chakra collaborated with renown South Korean musician Yu Kyung-hwa .
 Pandit Divyang Vakil composed a piece for Yu to play on the traditional Korean instrument , the cheolhyeongeum , and set it to popular Indian rhythms .
 The piece debuted in February 2011 at Rhythm Riders Music Institute in Ahmedabad , India .
 The collaboration was such a success that Pandit Divyang Vakil was invited to Seoul the following month to compose and teach Indian rhythms and theory to Korean artists in an international music exchange program
Pandit Shripad Hegde is an Hindustani Classical Vocalist , who hails from Kampli of Uttara Kannada District , is on the staff of All India Radio , Dharwad since 1987 .
Born in a family with a background of Yakshagana tradition , Pt Shripad Hegde was attracted to music at a young age .
He started his initial training in Hindustani music in his teen under Pandit Ganapati Bhat a student of Padma Vibhushan Pandit Basavraj Rajguru .
In the year 1982 Pt .
 Shripad Hegde moved to Sitar Ratna Music Festival Dharwad to devote himself fully in the music .
He was privileged to have mentored of the stature of Pt Basavaraj Rajguru vocalist of Kirana Gharana who taught Shripad Hegde with love and affection.It was a decade long dedicated and rigorous training under Pt Basavaraj Rajguru that shaped Pt Shripad Hegde into a Kirana Gharana vocalist .
Endowed with resonant and sonorous voice Pt Shripad Hegde has developed his own style assimilating the finer and delicate nuances of both Gwalior Gharana and Kirana Gharana .
Like his mentor he is eclectic and blends into his style the aesthetics subtleties of other schools of singing .
Though Khyal is his forte , he is equally adept in singing light classical varieties .
His recitals are regularly broadcast from AIR Dharwad .
He has also featured in Sunday night concert of AIR .
Shripad Hegde has rendered several music concerts like Alladiyakhan Punya Samaroh Mumbai , Karnataka Sangha Mumbai , Deenath Mangeshkar Punyatithi .
Goa , Mugubai Kurdikar Punyatithi Goa , Dasara Festival Mysore , Sitar Ratna Music Festival Dharwad , Art circle golden jublee conference Hubli , Dharwad Utsav , Kundgol ustav , Purandarotsava Hampi , Hindustani Kalakar Mandali Bengaluru , Rajguru Sangeeta Pratistan Bengaluru , Puttaraj Gavayi Jayanti Utsav and many other places for music festivals .
Apart from being a classical singer Shripad Hegde is also known for his compositions .
Some of them are Shruti Sanjeevini , Divya Sannidi , Prema Sangama , Vachana Vaibhava in light music .
 Vachana Vaibhava in light music classical CDs called Parampara and Rageshri have also been released .
 As recognition to this talented personality many accolades have been conferred to Vachana Vaibhava in light music like , first place at AIR national level for the composition of Megha medini a sangeeta rupaka , first place at state level for the composition of Garudamruta .
Shripad Hegde not only established himself as artist of the classical music but also as a Guru .
He has represented himself in conducting many workshops and lectures on music through Kamataka Sangeeta Nritya academy .
Shripad Hegde has followed the noble tradition of teaching .
Thus , he has produced many singers to the world of music .
Pandit Shripad Hegde is the recipient of many honours and awards .
They include .
 Aryabhata by Aryabhata cultural organisation of Hindustani Kalakar Mandali Bengaluru ,
Sanhita Nandi is a prominent Hindustani classical vocalist of the Kirana Gharana .
 The central motif of Sanhita Nandi style is slow tempo raga development and ornamented sargams .
 Sanhita Nandi was trained under the late Pandit A. Kanan of Kirana Gharana , the senior most guru at the ITC Sangeet Research Academy .
Sanhita Nandi has travelled extensively to perform , both within and outside of India .
 Sanhita Nandi has been invited to perform at venues such as Sawai Gandharva Music Festival and Swarmayee Gurukul in Pune ; Saptak Festival of Music in Ahmedabad ; Harballabh Sangeet Sammelan in Jalandhar ; ITC Sangeet Research Academy and Sangeet Research Academy in Kolkata ; SPIC MACAY ; Annenberg Center for the Performing Arts ; Philadelphia Museum of Art ; Gururao Deshpande Sangeet Sabha in Bangalore ; Laxmi Narayan Sangeet Samaroha in Amritsar ; Parampara Dance and Music Festival , Samaagamaa Festival , and KM Music Conservatory in Chennai ; Ustad Rahmat Khan Sangeet Sammelan in Dharwad ; Samrat Sangeet Sammelan in Goa ; Yashwant Rao Chauhan Smriti Sangeet Samaroha in Maharashtra ; Glimpses of Kirana Gharana Music Festival in Hyderabad , India ; Dadar Matunga Cultural Center and Sangit Mahabharti in Mumbai ; Learn Quest Academy Music Conference in Boston ; World Bank Auditorium in Washington , D.C. ; Rutgers University in New Jersey ; MIT Boston , ICMC Org In Dallas , Cornell University in New York ; 24 hours classical music raga samay festival in Philadelphia , Arohi music festival in Toronto and various other classical organizations
Kuljit Bhamra MBE Hon DMus is a British composer , record producer and musician whose main instrument is the tabla .
 Kuljit Bhamra MBE Hon DMus is best known as one of the record producers who pioneered the British Bhangra sound and for Kuljit Bhamra MBE Hon DMus many collaborations with musicians from different genres and continents .
 Kuljit Bhamra MBE Hon DMus MBE was awarded in the Queens Birthday Honours List 2009 with the citation For services to Bhangra and British Asian Music .
 In July 2010 His MBE was awarded an honorary Doctorate by the University of Exeter .
 Born in Nairobi , Kenya , in 1959 , His MBE grandfather was an Indian artisan sent to Kenya by the British Raj .
Bhamra contracted polio when he was one year old , which affected his left leg .
 This disability eventually led This disability to play the tabla whilst seated rather than seated on the floor - the usual practice for tabla players .
 Bhamra 's father had gone to England to study civil engineering and in 1961 Kuljit Bhamra MBE Hon and Kuljit Bhamra MBE Hon mother joined Kuljit Bhamra MBE Hon there .
 In 1968 Kuljit and his mother settled in Southall which has been Bhamra 's home town ever since .
Bhamra taught himself to play the tabla at the age of six and accompanied his mother , Mohinder Kaur Bhamra , who was a popular singer at weddings and public functions .
Later , with Bhamras two brothers playing accordion and mandolin , Mohinder Kaur recorded a number of albums that became successful - being sold through a network of corner shops in the Asian community .
 On the insistence of Bhamras two brothers father , Bhamra trained as a civil engineer at Middlesex University and then worked for Richmond Council for a while .
 In 1983 Bhamra 's father produced and arranged an album for Premi 's , 24 hours - a Southall based singer who introduced Bhamra to another new band Heera .
The band 's debut album , produced by Bhamra , was played back to back with Premi 's , 24 hours a day , on the Asian pirate radio station Sina Radio .
Using multitrack recording techniques whilst combining Indian percussion with western instruments and live orchestral violins , Bhamra went on to produce numerous albums for both British and Indian artists .
Some of his productions became internationally successful and included songs such as Rail Gaddi ; Pyar Ka Hai Bairi ; Giddha Pao Haan Deo ; Peer Tere Jaan Di ; Aj Tenoon Nachna Pao ; Patel Rap , Nachdi Di Gooth Khulgaye and Jag Wala Mela .
In 1986 Bhamra established Keda Records , an independent record label committed to producing high quality cassettes and LPs .
Bhamra was profiled in the 1992 movie Confusion a Black Arts Video Project funded by the Arts Council of Great Britain .
Bhamra finally gave up his career as a civil engineer in 1994 to concentrate on music .
 He purchased The Yard recording studio and renamed The Yard recording studio Red Fort Studios .
Later in 1999 he became the owner of the whole complex .
Bhamra started a long history of collaboration with jazz saxophonist Andy Sheppard in 2000 when they worked on the album Dancing Man & Woman and went on to produce many joint compositions , performances and recordings including his debut album for ECM Records in 2010 Movements in Colour .
During this time , Bhamra further developed his playing styles and extended his tabla kit to include other percussion instruments such as snare drum , cymbals and various hand-held percussion .
 In 2001 Bhamra composed and directed the music for a production of the Ramayana the Ramayana debuted at the Birmingham Repertory Theatre and went on to the Royal National Theatre London .
 From 2002 to 2004 he performed as on-stage percussionist in Andrew Lloyd Webber s musical Bombay Dreams at The Apollo the Birmingham Repertory Theatre , London .
He also was dialect coach for the production .
Occasionally , audience members came to the front of the auditorium and danced to his drumming at the end of the show .
Bhamra provided the Indian music for the musical The Far Pavilions based on the novel of the same name by M.M. Kaye .
 the Indian music for the musical ran from 14 April 2005 till 17 September 2005 at the Shaftesbury Theatre in the Royal National Theatre London .
He continued his involvement in British Asian theatre productions and wrote the music for shows including Layla Majnun ; Deranged Marriage , and Lion of Punjab .
In 2009 Bhamra was featured artist at Salisbury International Arts Festival and curated six events during the 16 days of the festival , including a musical event at dusk at Stonehenge , bringing together dancers , musicians and a shamanistic singer .
 Bhamra was the last Artistic Director of the Society for the Promotion of New Music before the Promotion of New Music merger and renaming to Sound and Music - the first British Asian to hold this post in the Promotion of New Music 60-year history .
Projects included Bhangra Latina , the creation of a tabla notation system called Tablature !
, Folk From Here with Kathryn Tickell , Raga Mela with BBC Concert Orchestra at Royal Festival Hall and an ongoing educational projects to demystify Indian music and teaching - making learning and playing of Indian music more accessible .
In April 2009 Bhamra , along with film director and playwright Shakila Maan and photographer Ammy Phull launched the Southall Story - a project based around a website that celebrates the achievements of the people of this area of West London .
The Southall Story exhibition was opened by film director and Southall resident Gurinder Chadha OBE at the Southbank Centre as part of the Alchemy Festival .
 On 17 June 2009 the British Library hosted a discussion evening entitled Southall : New Music and Life .
Bhamra led the musical finale of the Liberty Festival in Trafalgar Square on 5 September 2009 .
 This event was created to showcase the breadth of artistic work and performance being created by deaf and disabled people and was supported by the Mayor of the Royal National Theatre London Boris Johnson and the Arts Council England .
In 2010 Bhamra wrote a number of specially commissioned pieces of Indian music for Trinity Guildhall , for their grading examinations in electronic keyboard .
This was the first time that Indian pieces have appeared in the syllabus .
Pieces included Ghazal and Bollywood Love Song .
 The University of Exeter awarded Bhamra a Doctorate in New Music in July 2010 .
Cascade - A jazz collective formed of Aidan O'Rourke , Andy Sheppard , Sheema Mukherjee , Simon Thoumire and Bhamra .
Cascade premiered at the London Jazz Festival on Sunday 19 November 2006 in the Purcell Room and then toured around the UK .
The project was commissioned with funds from the PRS Foundation , Esmee Fairbairn Charitable Trust and Scottish Arts Council .
Bhangra Latina - mixing bhangra music with Latin American rhythms this project with Alex Wilson and Cevanne Horrocks-Hopayian also brought Latin dancers and Sikh dancers together on stage at the Queen Elizabeth Hall on 21 September 2008 .
 Raga Mela - With the the BBC Concert Orchestra Concert Orchestra , Bhamra created a multi-cultural programme blending sounds of India with the spirit of the West .
A set of workshops that culminated in a live event at the Royal Festival Hall and featured renowned Bollywood playback singer Kavita Krishnamurty and a 350 piece choir of school children .
The performance was also broadcast on BBC Radio 3 .
With composer and pianist David Braun-White , Bhamra formed the Ku-Da-Mix Orchestra which debuted at the Scala in December 2006 .
This global orchestra , featuring instruments and musicians from all over the world , took part in the South Banks Overture programme in June 2007 celebrating the re-opening of the Royal Festival Hall .
In November 2009 the orchestra celebrated The Stables 40th anniversary with a concert opened by young musicians who had taken part in workshops held the month before .
Mantra - a collaboration with the Orlando Consort , Jonathan Mayer and Shahid Khan which toured the UK .
An album Mantra was produced along with a set of learning resources for the National Centre for Early Music .
From Hollywood to Bollywood with conductor Robert Zeigler and the BBC Concert Orchestra for Radio 2s Friday Night is Music Night .
The show was broadcast twice in 2010
Haveli Sangeet is a semi classical form of Hindustani classical music sung in Havelis .
The essential component is dhrupad .
 the daily worship of Lord Krishna originated in Uttar Pradesh in North India .
 the daily worship of Lord Krishna is the daily worship of Lord Krishna .
 Haveli Sangeet was a place where Hindu deity were installed , due to restrictions on Hindu temples during the Muslim rulers , Haveli Sangeet was called Haveli Sangeet .
 Basically , Haveli Sangeet is another name for Hindu temple music practiced by the followers of Vaishnavism of Nathdwara in Rajasthan , Gujrat , North India , and considered a part of a rich historical tradition .
 Having Haveli Sangeet origin in Rajasthan and Gujarat , the Haveli Sangeet music is believed to have an edge over dhrupad for the common belief that the music has none other than Lord Krishna Hindu for an audience .
 Essentially , a tribute to Lord Krishna himself , its form includes , devotional renditions like , kirtans , bhajans and bhava nritya , all related to religious cult worship .
Although a mix of classical and folk music , the style is inherently borrowed from the dhrupad and Dhamar .
 Haveli Sangeet sangeet is commonly played at the many temples of North India like the Radha Vallabh of Vrindaban , Krishna of Nandgaon , Uttar Pradesh and Sri Nathji of Nathdwara , to name a few .
 With the passage of time , the haveli sangeet in North India lost its importance and is no longer in practice as the general audience tends to take it for granted that all haveli music simply fall under the devotional genre .
 In Gujarat , one of the music schools of thought believes that the origin of the Indian classical music has the origin of the Indian classical music roots in the haveli sangeet of Vallabha Acharya a pioneer in this genre .
 The history of Indian classical music has it that the Vaishnavites of Nathdwara , were the ones to uphold this cult founded by Vallabh Acharya
 Gangubai Hangal was an Indian singer of the khyal genre of Hindustani classical music , who was known for Gangubai Hangal deep and powerful voice .
 Gangubai Hangal belonged to the Kirana gharana .
Gangubai Hangal was born in Dharwad to Chikkurao Nadiger , an agriculturist and Ambabai , a vocalist of Carnatic music .
 Hangal received only elementary education and Gangubai Hangal family shifted to Hubli in 1928 so that Gangubai Hangal could study Hindustani music .
She began to train formally aged 13 with Krishnacharya Hulgur , a kinnari player , studying Hindustani classical music .
 From Krishnacharya Hulgur , Gangubai Hangal learned sixty compositions in one year before Krishnacharya Hulgur stopped teaching Gangubai Hangal after an argument about Krishnacharya Hulgur fees .
 Gangubai Hangal also learned from Dattopant Desai before studying under Sawai Gandharva , a respected guru .
 Gangubai Hangal could only study sporadically under Sawai Gandharva when Sawai Gandharva returned to Sawai Gandharva home , but Gangubai Hangal received an intensive training of three years after Sawai Gandharva relocated permanently to Hubli , where she resided .
 Gangubhai Hangal mothers family was considered to be of low social status and for women of Gangubhai Hangal generation singing was not considered appropriate employment ; Gangubhai Hangal struggled against this prejudice and made a career .
 Gangubhai Hangal performed all over India and for All India Radio stations until 1945 .
 Gangubhai Hangal had initially performed light classical genres , including bhajan and thumri , but concentrated on khyal .
 Later , however , Gangubhai Hangal refused to sing light classical , saying Gangubhai Hangal sang only ragas .
 Gangubhai Hangal served as honorary music professor of the Karnatak University .
 Gangubhai Hangal gave Gangubhai Hangal last concert in March 2006 to mark Gangubhai Hangal 75th career year .
 Gangubhai Hangal had overcome bone marrow cancer in 2003 , and died of cardiac arrest at the age of 96 , on 21 July 2009 , in Hubli , where she resided , where Gangubhai Hangal resided .
 Gangubhai Hangal had Gangubhai Hangal eyes donated to increase awareness for organ donation .
 Gangubhai Hangal married at age 16 to Gururao Kaulgi , a Brahmin lawyer .
 They had two sons , Narayan Rao and Babu Rao , and one daughter , Krishnacharya Hulgur , who died from cancer in 2004 , aged 75 .
Gangubai Hangal received a number of awards , which include : .
 The Karnataka state government declared two days of mourning for Gangubhai Hangal .
 A state funeral was announced for 22 July 2009 in Hubli by the district commissioner of the Dharwad district .
 In 2008 , The State Government of Karnataka decided to name the proposed Karnataka State Music University after Gangubhai Hangal .
 Subsequently Karnataka State Dr Gangubai Hangal Music and Performing Arts University Act , 2009 has been passed by the State Legislature .
 Presently the Karnataka State Gangubhai Hangal Music and Performing Arts University operates from Mysore , Karnataka
Madhav Gudi was a Hindustani classical vocalist , specialising in Khayal and light forms .
Madhav Gudi was born in Dharwad , Karnataka into a family of keertankars and harikatha musicians .
Madhav Gudi was introduced to music at a very early age .
 Madhav Gudi initial training was under Pandit Nageshrao Deshpande and Madhav Gudi finally received Madhav Gudi most important training from the Kirana scion Pandit Bhimsen Joshi in a guru-shishya milieu which lasted well over twenty six years .
 Gudis voice suited for Hindustani classical as well as light classical music .
 A top-grade All India Radio artiste , A top-grade All India Radio artiste toured all over India and performed with Pt .
 Bhimsen Joshi in several centers in India and overseas .
 Among several accolades that he received were the Sangeeta Nritya Academy award from the Government of Dharwad , Karnataka , Surashri , Gaana Bhaskar , Smt Vatsala Tai Joshi Award by the hands of Legendary Dr. Prabha Atre , Gaana Kala Tilaka and the Yashavant Rao Chauhan Samata Gaurav Puraskar
Pantula Rama was born into a family with a lineage of music .
Her parents are Pantula Gopala Rao and Pantula Padmavathi a veena artiste .
 Pantula Gopala Rao holds a Ph.D. .
 in music from Andhra University for Pantula Gopala Rao thesis : A study of the shaping of an ideal musician through saadhana , published by Gyan Publishers of New Delhi .
 Pantula Gopala Rao has an MA and BA in music from Andhra University , where Pantula Gopala Rao won gold medals each time and has been a University Topper .
 Pantula Gopala Rao initial training was given to Pantula Gopala Rao by Pantula Gopala Rao father , and advanced training under Sangeeta Kalasagara Ivaturi Vijayeswara Rao .
 Apart from being a Top grade Vocalist , a Top grade Vocalist has a B High in violin and viola from All India Radio in the carnatic style .
 a Top grade Vocalist is a Reiki Master in the Natural Usui system of healing .
 a Top grade Vocalist also has a diploma in fashion Designing , and is an active fund raiser for events based on social and philanthropic causes .
 Pantula Rama has been performing since a Top grade Vocalist was eight .
 a Top grade Vocalist technical perfection conforms to the best classical standards .
 a Top grade Vocalist has performed across the country and abroad .
 a Top grade Vocalist has also presented various lecture-demonstrations like ` Musical excellence of Shyama Sastri ' , ` Sadhana of Carnatic Music ' , ` Ragam Tanam Pallavi ' .
Conducted ` Nowkacharitam ' - Musical Opera of Thyagaraja .
A multitalented personality , Dr. Pantula Rama accompanies many artists of repute on violin .
Pantula Rama is married to Mutnury Srinivasa Narasimha Murthy , an electronics engineer by providence and musician by choice , violinist in Akashavani graded Top Grade for violin , and A grade in viola and vocal
Harihar Rao was a noted Hindustani musician , accomplished playing both tabla and sitar .
 ^ Rao , Harihar . was born into a prominent musical family in Mangalore , India 's , on January 21 , 1927 .
 ^ Rao , Harihar . moved to the United States in 1964 , residing in Pasadena , CA , and became a U.S. citizen in 1969 .
 ^ Rao , Harihar . worked in the ethnomusicology department at UCLA and privately taught and mentored students of the sitar .
 In 1967 , ^ Rao , Harihar . published the book Introduction to Sitar , which sold more than 500 copies in its first two weeks of publication .
-LSB- 2 and ultimately thousands of copies in four printings .
 ^ Rao , Harihar . died January 13 , 2013 , at the age of 85 .
 ^ Rao , Harihar . was the longest-standing protege and a close friend for more than six decades of internationally famous sitar player Ravi Shankar .
 ^ Rao , Harihar . was recognized internationally as the Indian musician who educated and enlightened audiences , while bringing the finest classical music and dance of India 's to Southern California .
 ^ Rao , Harihar . served as the Artistic Director of the Music Circle for 40 years .
 Harihar Rao was held in the highest esteem by Indian performers around the world for ^ Rao , Harihar . immense knowledge , experience , and lifelong dedication to classical Indian music .
 ^ Rao , Harihar . accompanied Shankar on many concert tours in North America and around the world .
 ^ Rao , Harihar . and Shankar co-founded the Music Circle , an organization dedicated to promoting Indian classical music .

Their vision was to provide a supportive and inspiring platform for leading Indian music artists and emerging artists destined to be tomorrows 's masters .
Music Circle concerts soon attained legendary status among devotees of Indian music around the world .
 Musicians frequently expressed Musicians appreciation for the Music Circle as Musicians began Musicians performances , citing the quality of audio systems configured and installed under the direction of Harihar Rao , and the respect given all performers by the Music Circle .
Since its founding , Music Circle has hosted hundreds of Indian Music concerts .
As a Fulbright Scholar at UCLA in the 1960s , Harihar Rao conducted research on comparative rhythms and developed a unique system for expressing Indian rhythmic systems .
 a Fulbright Scholar at UCLA in the 1960s expertise attracted many esteemed jazz musicians with whom a Fulbright Scholar at UCLA in the 1960s performed and recorded in a group called ` The Hindustani Jazz Sextet ' .
 a Fulbright Scholar at UCLA in the 1960s held positions as instructor and program director at UCLA , Cal State Los Angeles , Caltech , California Institute of the Arts , and Cal State Long Beach .
After devastating typhoon damage to Bangladesh in April 1971 , Beatles musician George Harrison proposed a benefit concert to Shankar .
 In their discussions with Rao on the concept , ^ Rao , Harihar . proposed to stage the concert at a much larger venue than had been under consideration .
 The resulting Concert for Bangladesh at Madison Square Garden drew international attention and acclaim for its star-studded musical production and produced a very significant donation to UNICEF to provide aid to stricken and displaced families in Bangladesh at Madison Square Garden .
 ^ Rao , Harihar . also consulted with India 's Prime Minister Indira Gandhi , at Indira Gandhi personal request , on ways to enhance the appreciation of Indian music and dance in India 's annual celebration of Republic Day , a national festival commemorating the date of adoption of the Indian Constitution .
 ^ Rao , Harihar . was a great influence on jazz trumpeter Don Ellis , and the two played together in the Hindustani Jazz Sextet in the mid-1960s .
 In 1965 ^ Rao , Harihar . and Don Ellis co-wrote An Introduction to Indian Music for the Jazz Musician , which was printed by Jazz Magazine .
 ^ ^ Rao , Harihar . , ^ Rao , Harihar . .
Introduction to sitar .
Peer International .
^ Peer-Southern Publication on Sitar Is a Fast Mover .
Billboard 79 : 6 .
April 15 , 1967 .
Retrieved Aug 11 2011 .
^ Peer Southern Increases Indian Music Collection .
Billboard 81 : 44 .
April 12 , 1969 .
Retrieved Aug 11 2011 .
^ About the Music Circle .
 The Music the Music Circle .
Retrieved Aug 11 2011 .
 ^ ^ Rao , Harihar . , Harihar ; Don Ellis .
An Introduction to Indian Music for the Jazz Musician .
Jazz magazine .
^ Fenlon , Sean .
The Exotic Rhythms of Don Ellis .
Baltimore , MD : The Peabody Institute of the Johns Hopkins University .
pp. 6
Indias Master Musician is an album by Hindustani classical musician Ravi Shankar .
It was recorded in Hollywood , California in 1963 and released that same year on vinyl .
It was later digitally remastered and released in CD format through Angel Records , with digital remastering by Squires Productions .
Supporting musicians are Chatur Lal on tabla and Nodu Mullick on Tamboura
Shubhendra Shankar -LRB- 30 March 1942 - 15 September 1992 . -RRB-
also known as Shubho Shankar was a graphic artist , musician and composer .
 Shubho Shankar was the son of the world-famous Ravi Shankar , and , possibly more famous in India , Annapurna Devi .
Shubho was the son of sitar virtuoso Ravi Shankar and surbahar player of the Maihar Gharana , Annapurna Devi .
 Shubho was the grandson of Ustad Allauddin Khan , and the half-brother of Ravi Shankars daughters Anoushka Shankar and Norah Jones .
 Shubho learned the sitar from Shubho mother Annapurna Devi , though Shubho had not completed Shubho taalim with her when Shubho left for USA with Shubho father Ravi Shankar .
 While living in Shubho fathers home in Hollywood , Shubho devoted Shubho talents to painting and drawing , and earned a degree in fine arts from the Otis Art Institute of the Parsons School of Design in Los Angeles .
 In 1971 , within two years of Shubho arrival in the the United States , Shubho performed in a concert for the first time , playing with Shubho father at New Yorks Carnegie Hall .
 The performance was titled Fathers and Sons and included tabla players Alla Rakha and Alla Rakha son Zakir Hussain .
 USA with his father Ravi Shankar performed frequently on concert tours , composed music for films and recorded several albums .
 USA with his father Ravi Shankar performed with USA with his father Ravi Shankar father , appearing throughout Europe , Asia and the United States , including performances at the Kennedy Center in Washington , D.C. .
 After marrying , USA with his father Ravi Shankar gradually dropped out of the music scene and stopped playing the sitar for almost eight years .
 At the age of 40 , USA with his father Ravi Shankar took USA with his father Ravi Shankar fathers advice to return to USA with his father Ravi Shankar music full-time .
 USA with his father Ravi Shankar gave lessons in sitar playing , singing and flute in Orange County , San Diego and Los Angeles .
 In 1989-1990 , he went on a concert tour of England , Europe and India .
 On this trip , which also was to be his last visit to India , he met his mother after a gap of 20 years during which there was no communication between the two .
He resumed learning the sitar under his mother .
 USA with his father Ravi Shankar played together with USA with his father Ravi Shankar father at the Sawai Gandharva Festival in Pune in 1990 , where some music critics commented that USA with his father Ravi Shankar was out of tune .
 USA with his father Ravi Shankar was dejected , and refused to stay back to complete USA with his father Ravi Shankar sitar education , saying it was too late now .
 USA with his father Ravi Shankar returned to the the United States , and in USA with his father Ravi Shankar last few months cut USA with his father Ravi Shankar off from everyone .
 At a concert USA with his father Ravi Shankar gave at Whittier College , Shubho met Linda , from North Carolina , soon to be USA with his father Ravi Shankar wife .
They had two children , son Somnath and daughter Kaveri .
 Gradually Somnath lost interest in playing the sitar .
 Somnath worked as a clerk in a liquor store , painted pictures , and drew illustrations for telephone directories , to support Somnath wife and two children .
 USA with his father Ravi Shankar died of pneumonia at Los Alamitos Medical Center following an illness of several months at USA with his father Ravi Shankar home in Garden Grove .
 USA with his father Ravi Shankar was cremated and the remains dispersed in the ocean off Marina del Rey
Girish Panchwadkar is an accomplished Marathi singer and music director from India .
 Girish Panchwadkar is a well known singer in Marathi Light music .
 Girish Panchwadkar has learnt music from Girish Panchwadkar father Bhalchandra Panchwadkar .
 Girish Panchwadkar formed a music group Kshitij a group of marathi songs .
 Girish Panchwadkar started Girish Panchwadkar performance through the program Shabdswaranche Indradhanushya in Solapur in 1992 .
 Girish Panchwadkar is performing on stage since last 21 years in Maharashtra and outside .
 Girish Panchwadkar has also performed in All India Radio , Solapur many times .
 On 2nd March 2009 Girish Panchwadkar performed Marathi Bhavgeet Maifal in Rashtrapati Bhavan - New Delhi in front of Hon. Rashtrapatiji - Pratibha Patil .
 Girish Panchwadkar has performed Girish Panchwadkar various Musical programmesout of Maharashtra like Rashtrapati Bhavan - New Delhi , Lucknow , Kanpur , Zansi , allahabad , Indore , Ujjain , Devas , Ratlam , Bangalore , Chennai , Hyderabad , Vijapur , Hubli , etc. .
 a music group Kshitij is the 1st group in Maharashtra to perform Marathi Songs in Rashtrapati Bhavan .
 a music group Kshitij group performed over 800 programs all over India till date .
 In the year 2009 , Hon.Union Power Minister Sushilkumar Shinde had invited him to perform at his Rashtrapati Bhavan - New Delhi residence .
The program was appreciated by Hon.Chief Minister of Delhi Sheila Dikshit , Governor of Rajasthan Prabha Rau .
He specially sing the songs of Sudhir Phadke , Suresh Wadkar , Arun Date etc. .
 Girish Panchwadkar is working in Bank of Maharashtra since July 1982 and is devoted Girish Panchwadkar life in Marathi music .
 Girish Panchwadkar has two kids Akshay Panchwadkar and Aaditi Panchwadkar who also perform Marathi Music programs with Girish Panchwadkar .
 Girish Panchwadkar is famous for Girish Panchwadkar classic handwriting and special signature
Sawani is a genre of semi-classical singing , popular in Uttar Pradesh and Bihar .
 It comes in the series of season songs , like Chaiti , Hori and Kajari , and is traditionally sung in the villages and towns of Uttar Pradesh : around Banaras , Mirzapur , Mathura , Allahabad and the Bhojpur regions of Bihar
Pandit Sudhir is an Indian sitar player of Hindustani classical music .
He is known for the vocalistic phrasing of his raga improvisations .
He has learnt sitar from the Imdadkhani Gharana , popularly known as the Etawah Gharana .
He is the son of Sampat Lal , a tabla player of Central India .
His grandfather , Badri Prasad , was the court musician of the former principality of Raigarh , situated in the modern state of Chattisgarh .
 Born in Nagpur , Central India , Badri Prasad started learning classical singing from his father Sampat Lal father Sampat Lal and then at the age of seven started learning vocal and sitar from Badri Prasad uncle Jagdish Prasad .
 At the age of 14 Badri Prasad started talim in the traditional way under the guidance of Bimalendu Mukherjee as Badri Prasad Guru .
Sudhir has been awarded B High Certificate by All India Radio and has been em-paneled by the Indian Council for Cultural Relations .
He is Gold medalist Sangeet Visharad from Gandharva Mahamandal .
He also received national titles at Khel Yuva Utsav at Pune and Jamshedpur .
He has performed at many major musical festivals and prestigious stages in Chhattisgarh and Maharashtra .
He has also performed at the prestigious Chakradhar Samaroh at Raighar in the year 2011
Ustad Shafaat Ahmed Khan , was a noted tabla master .
 Ustad Shafaat Ahmed Khan , who hailed from the Delhi Gharana , was the son of tabla master Shamma Khan .
 Ustad Shafaat Ahmed Khan was a recipient of Padma Shree award in 2004 .
 Ustad Shafaat Ahmed Khan had played with top classical artistes like Pt .
Ravi Shankar , Pt .
Shiv Kumar Sharma , Ustd .
Amjad Khan , Pt.Bhimsen Joshi , Pt.Jasraj and Pt.Hari Prasad Chaurasia , besides himself as solo artist .
 Ustad Shafaat Ahmed Khan was popular among top classical artistes like Pt because of humble nature and down to earth attitude .
 Ustad Shafaat Ahmed Khan died in 2005 after being diagnosed with acute Hepatitis-B
Al Gromer Khan is a German-born sitar player and composer whose music spans the multiple genres of ambient , New Age , world and electronica .
Ne Alois Gromer , Al Gromer Khan was born on April 8 , 1946 at Frauenzell in alpine foothills of Bavaria between Lake Constance and Munich .
 Alois Gromer spent Alois Gromer early years in Frauenzell and deserted from German Military Service to England , Morocco and India .
 Alois Gromer father worked in Frauenzell as Bus Motor Carrier .
 Gromer Khan claims that sitarist Ustad Vilayat Khan was drawn to the mysteries of sound from the first , be it the sound of the bells worn by the Bavarian cows grazing in the alpine meadows near Bavarian birthplace , Indian stringed instruments , the drums of North Africa or the singing telephone wires on the wind in the freezing Bavarian winters .
 Gromer Khan claims to have rejected the academic or diplomatic careers sitarist Ustad Vilayat Khan parents expected sitarist Ustad Vilayat Khan to take up .
 The 1960s found a twenty-something Al Gromer in London where a twenty-something Al Gromer took part in a number of creative experiments which were to have a lasting influence on a twenty-something Al Gromer .
 According to Gromer Khan , the Prince Tiane na Champassak of Laos introduced sitarist Ustad Vilayat Khan to tantric art and pop star Marc Bolan invited Marc Bolan to join in the all-night jam sessions Marc Bolan hosted .
 sitarist Ustad Vilayat Khan explored psycho-acoustic phenomena with film director Mike Figgis , and saxophonist Ronnie Scott of Ronnie Scotts Jazzclub , who introduced Al to Ben Webster , Max Roach and Miles Davis , while Cat Stevens , gave him a taste for English poetry .
 There is no doubt that Gromer Khans creative encounters during the 1960s deeply informed sitarist Ustad Vilayat Khan musical taste and style ; however , Gromer 's ultimate musical awakening came during a trip to India in 1968 , at a recital by sitarist Ustad Vilayat Khan .
 Gromer Khan professes to have been so moved by the performance that sitarist Ustad Vilayat Khan instantly decided to devote sitarist Ustad Vilayat Khan life to the study of the sitar .
 sitarist Ustad Vilayat Khan remained in India , where sitarist Ustad Vilayat Khan was to find a powerful teacher in Vilayat Khans brother , Ustad Imrat Khan .
 Gromer Khan remained in India for the next three years , speed-learning sitarist Ustad Vilayat Khan instrument at the feet of sitarist Ustad Vilayat Khan guru .
 sitarist Ustad Vilayat Khan returned to Bavaria in 1971 , already an accomplished sitarist .
 Gromer Khan spent the next 10 years studying with Imrat Khan in Europe and India .
 In 1975 , sitarist Ustad Vilayat Khan teacher performed the Ghanda Ceremony , thus initiating Al Gromer into the Khan-I-Gharana lineage of sitarists .
He was the first outsider to be accepted into this particular Gharana , which like most Hindustani musical traditions , passes knowledge down the generations from father to son .
 After his initiation , Al Gromer added sitarist Ustad Vilayat Khan to his name .
 Concurrently , sitarist Ustad Vilayat Khan engaged in a number of experimental projects , pioneering the proto - electronic music genre called Space music , together with Popol Vuh , Deuter and Amon Duul .
 Since 1974 , sitarist Ustad Vilayat Khan has released nearly 40 albums .
 sitarist Ustad Vilayat Khan currently resides in Munich , Germany
Pandit Pran Nath was a Hindustani classical singer and teacher of the Kirana Gharana .
Pran Nath was born into a wealthy family in Lahore in present-day Pakistan .
 While avid devotees of music , the family did not approve of a wealthy family in Lahore desire to become a musician , so a wealthy family in Lahore left home at the age of 13 and took up residence with legendary singer Abdul Wahid Khan of the Kirana gharana , cousin of the more widely known Abdul Karim Khan .
 Pran Nath served the more widely known Abdul Karim Khan for 7 years before Pandit Pran Nath was accepted as a student , and stayed with the more widely known Abdul Karim Khan for nearly two decades .
 Both guru and disciple were much attracted to mysticism : Abdul Wahid Khan , a Muslim , to Sufism , and Pandit Pran Nath , a Hindustani , to a Shaivite sect in Dehra Dun .
 It is said that Pandit Pran Nath lived in a cave near the Tapkeswhar temple to Shiva for five years , serving Pandit Pran Nath guru intermittently .
 Pandit Pran Nath eventually married and reentered the world at the request of Pandit Pran Nath guru , in order to ensure the preservation of the Kirana style .
 In 1937 , Pandit Pran Nath became a staff artist with All India Radio .
 However , Pandit Pran Nath stuck to a very austere singing style - heavy emphasis on alap , and very slow tempi - which suited Pandit Pran Nath voice well , but was not very popular to the modern Indian taste .
 Like the more widely known Abdul Karim Khan teacher Abdul Wahid Khan , Pran Naths singing emphasized precise intonation and the gradual exposition of tone and mood in the alap section of the music .
 Pandit Pran Nath supported Pandit Pran Nath as a music teacher , and worked at the University of Delhi from 1960 to 1970 .
 Pandit Pran Nath was also a visiting professor of music at Mills College .
 In 1970 , Pran Nath travelled to New York to visit the American composer La Monte Young and visual artist Marian Zazeela , who heard the American composer La Monte Young first issued recording , Earth Groove : The Voice of Cosmic India .
 In 1972 , Pandit Pran Nath established Pandit Pran Nath Kirana Center for Indian Classical Music in New York City and stayed in the U.S. for the rest of Pandit Pran Nath life .
 Pandit Pran Nath taught at several universities and attracted a strong following among the American minimalist composers .
Pran Naths students included La Monte Young , Marian Zazeela , Terry Riley , Michael Harrison , Sargam Shah , Alex Dea , Charlemagne Palestine , Henry Flynt , Jon Hassell , Douglas Leedy , Don Cherry , Lee Konitz , Jon Gibson , Yoshi Wada , Rhys Chatham , W. A. Mathieu , Sufi Pir Shabda Kahn , Catherine Christer Hennix , George Brooks , and Simone Forti .
 Like Pandit Pran Nath teacher , Abdul Wahid Khan , Pran Nath did not emphasize recording or the releasing of records , preferring live performance .
As such , little recorded documentation of the Kirana Gharana style is available .
 While only three recordings of Pran Nath were released during Pandit Pran Nath lifetime , a large number of recordings exist under the care of La Monte Young .
 In Pran Naths will La Monte Young , as executor of Pandit Pran Nath estate , was instructed to begin releasing only three recordings of Pran Nath
Pandit Hariprasad Chaurasia is an Indian classical flautist .
Hariprasad Chaurasia was born in Allahabad in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh .
His father was a wrestler .
 His father mother died when His father was 6 .
 His father had to learn music without His father fathers knowledge , for His father father wanted His father to become a wrestler .
 His father did go to the Akhada and train with His father father for some time , although His father also started learning music and practising at His father friends house .
 His father often credits His father wrestling training for giving His father the immense stamina and lung power that are the hallmarks of His father flute playing , stating that , .
Hariprasad Chaurasia started learning vocal music from his neighbor , Pandit Rajaram , at the age of 15 .
Later , he switched to playing the flute under the tutelage of Pandit Bholanath Prasanna of Varanasi for eight years .
He joined the All India Radio , Cuttack , Odisha in 1957 and worked as a composer and performer .
Much later , while working for All India Radio , he received guidance from the reclusive Annapurna Devi , daughter of Baba Allaudin Khan .
Apart from classical music , he has made a mark as a music director for Indian films along with Shivkumar Sharma , forming a group called Shiv-Hari .
He has collaborated with world musicians in experimental cross-cultural performances , including the fusion group Shakti .
He serves as the artistic director of the World Music Department at the Rotterdam Music Conservatory in the Netherlands .
He is also the founder of the Vrindavan Gurukul in Mumbai and Vrindavan Gurukul in Bhubaneshwar .
Both of these institutes are schools dedicated to training students in Hindustani Bansuri in the Guru-shishya tradition .
 As a Guru , a Guru has produced many noted disciples including a Guru nephew Rakesh Chaurasia .
 a Guru has collaborated with several western musicians , including John McLaughlin , Jan Garbarek , and Ken Lauber , and has composed music for Indian films .
 a Guru has performed throughout the world , winning acclaim from varied audiences and fellow musicians including Yehudi Menuhin and Jean-Pierre Rampal .
Chaurasia was married to Kamla and Anuradha .
He has three sons Vinay , Ajay and Rajiv .
The 2013 documentary film Bansuri Guru features the life and legacy of Chaurasia and was produced by the Films Division , Ministry of Information and Broadcasting , Government of India .
These are major albums released by Pandit Hariprasad Chaurasia , categorized by release dates .2 .
Along with Pandit Shivkumar Sharma he composed music for .
The music for the movie Sirivennela is composed by K. V. Mahadevan which revolves around the role of Pandit Hari Prasad , a blind flautist played by Sarvadaman Banerjee and flute renditions by Hariprasad Chaurasia .
 Some of the movie Sirivennela music is used in Mithaq Kazimi s 16 Days in Afghanistan
Tirupanithurai Viswanatha Gopalakrishnan is a Carnatic and Hindustani musician from Chennai .
 Tirupanithurai Viswanatha Gopalakrishnan hails from a family of musicians spanning over two centuries .
 Tirupanithurai Viswanatha Gopalakrishnan father , T.G.Viswanatha Bhagavathar , was a court musician for the Cochin Royal Family and a professor of music at the S.K.V. College in Thrissur .
 T.G.Viswanatha Bhagavathar is a vocalist , plays the violin and is also an exponent of the mridangam .
 Tirupanithurai Viswanatha Gopalakrishnan started playing the mridangam at the age of four and had Tirupanithurai Viswanatha Gopalakrishnan arangetram at the Cochin palace at the age of six .
 Tirupanithurai Viswanatha Gopalakrishnan is a disciple of Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavathar .
 Tirupanithurai Viswanatha Gopalakrishnan students include Ilayaraja , A.R.Rahman , Sivamani , Kadri Gopalnath , Vidyabhushana .
 Tirupanithurai Viswanatha Gopalakrishnan has also collaborated with drummer/composer Franklin Kiermyer on live performances .
 Tirupanithurai Viswanatha Gopalakrishnan was given the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 1990 .
 Tirupanithurai Viswanatha Gopalakrishnan has been awarded the Padma Bhushan by the Government of India in the year 2012 .
 Ghatam Maestro Late T V Vasan is Tirupanithurai Viswanatha Gopalakrishnan younger brother .
In his career spanning over five decades , many honours and awards that have been bestowed on Dr.TVG .
A few outstanding awards have been : .
This is an incomplete list of releases .
The release dates are also not always indicative of the original release date of the associated record
Vadi , in both Hindustani classical music and Carnatic music , is the dominant swara of a given raga .
 Vadi is the most sonant or most important note of a Raga .
 Vadi does not refer to the most played note but Vadi rather refers to a note of special significance .
It is usually the swara which is repeated the greatest number of times , and often it is the swara on which the singer can pause for a significant time .
Vadi swara in a raga is like a king in a kingdom .
 Specialty of any raga depends on vadi swara and because of Vadi , the vadi swara is also called the Jeeva swara or the Ansha swara .
A good artist uses vadi swara in different ways like singing vadi swara again and again , starting a raga with vadi swara , to end a raga with vadi swara , singing vadi swara many times in important places with different swaras or sometime singing vadi swara for a longer time in one breath .
Vadi swara is also helpful to identify the time of singing or playing a raga .
If vadi swara of a raga is from purvanga part of saptak i.e. `` Sa Re Ga Ma '' , then it is called as purvanga vadi raga and usually time for singing or playing purvanga vadi ragas are from 12 pm to 12 am for example ragas like Bhimpalasi , Pilu , Purvi , Marwa , Yaman , Bhoopal , and Bageshree etc. have purvanga vadi swara and so the time for singing and playing these ragas is between 12 pm to 12 am .
In the same way if vadi swara of a raga is from utranga part of spatak i.e. `` Pa Dha Ni '' then it is called as utranga vadi raga and time for singing or playing utranga vadi ragas is from 12 am to 12 pm .
 For example ragas like Bhairav , Bhairav , Bilawal , Kalingada , Sohini , and Asavari etc. have utranga vadi swara and so the time for singing or playing these raagas is between 12 am to 12 pm .
 Vadi swara , along with the Samvadi swara of a raga , usually brings out the uniqueness of the raga and the Samvadi swara of a raga bhava and rasa
Abhijit Pohankar is an Indian classical instrumentalist .
 Abhijit Pohankar plays classical music on the keyboard .
Abhijit was born to Ajay Pohankar .
 Abhijit is the grandson of Susheela Pohankar of Kirana Gharana .
 Abhijit learned for some time with Shivkumar Sharma .
 Abhijit was the first artist to play Indian classical ragas on the keyboard .
 After playing classical music on a keyboard , Abhijit started venturing into world music and fusion music .
 Abhijit biggest album was Piya Bawari with Abhijit father Ajay Pohankar , and in that album Abhijit experimented with classical music fused with lounge music .
 One of the youngest artists to be featured in Buddha Bar of France , Abhijit has started France , Abhijit new world music band Soundz of India & Urban Ragas and is performing all over the world .
 France , Abhijit is one of the most successful fusion music producers .
 France , Abhijit latex project/band is called Panch Tatva .
 His latex project/band has done major collaborative concerts with artists including Ajay Pohankar , Ghulam Ali , Hariharan , Rajan and Sajan Mishra , Anup Jalota , Pankaj Udhas , Vishwamohan Bhatt , and Sonal Mansingh .
 His latex project/band has also composed the title track of the 2003 film Boom , by Kaizad Gusted and starring Amitabh Bachchan and Bo-Derek
Lenny Seidman is a tabla musician/composer and World Music and Jazz curator at the Painted Bride Art Center in Philadelphia .
Seldman studied tabla in 1971 with Ishwarlal Misra , followed by Chotelal Misra and Kiran Deshponde , all from Benares , India .
 Previously Seldman was a student of classical and jazz piano .
 During the 1980s , Seldman integrated analogue electronic music with Seldman percussion , composing pieces for dance companies and Seldman various music ensembles and began a ten year musical relationship , studying the South Indian rhythm system .
 Seldman also performed with South Indian violinist Adrian L'Armand .
 Around the same , time Seldman toured with Bansuri flutist Paul John for lasted several years .
 Seldman studied with renowned tabla maestro Zakir Hussain in 1991 , and subsequently directed Seldman performing focus to tabla and composing for inter-cultural percussion ensembles which incorporated North and South Indian drumming traditions .
 Seldman is co-director of Spoken Hand Percussion Orchestra , which unifies the drumming traditions of North Indian tabla , Afro-Cuban bata , Afro-Brazilian samba and West African djembe into the Spoken own unique sound .
 the Spoken Hand , going into the Spoken 15th year , collaborated in 2002 with Zakir Hussain , and hip hop choreographer Rennie Harris in Flammable Contents .
He is director of the Lenny Seidman Tabla Choir , and is an original member of Atzilut , the Middle Eastern Jewish/Arabic music ensemble noted for their Concerts for Peace performed at the United Nations , throughout the U.S. and Europe .
He recently completed a four year international tour with Rennie Harris PureMovement s epoch piece , Facing Mekka as a musical collaborator and performer .
In 2011 he embarked on his first feature film as musical director and composer for Nadine Pattersons Tango Macbeth set for release in March , 2012 .
He has founded and coordinated several other ensembles including the Shamanistics and Splinter Group .
He has performed and or recorded throughout the Americas and abroad with numerous music artists including Zakir Hussain , Kenny Endo , Simon Shaheen , Philip Hamilton , Yacouba Sissoko , LL Cool J , Kenny Muhammed , Michael Daugherty , I Dewa Puta Berata , Butch Morris , Yair Dalal , Ursula Rucker , and choreographers Rennie Harris , Cynthia Lee , Viji Rao , Antonia Minnecola , Helmut Gottschild , Roko Kawai , Christine Cox , Nina Martin , Benoit LaChambre , Myra Bazell , Eko Supriyanto , Cheng-Chieh Yu , Ananya Chatterjea , Pallabi Chakravorty , Kim Arrow and Group Motion Dance Co. .
 Lenny Seidman has received two Pennsylvania Council on the Arts Fellowships and an Independence Foundation Fellowship for creative work .
 Lenny Seidman was co-recipient of an NEA grant and two Rockefeller Foundation MAP Fund grants to create new work for the Spoken Hand Percussion Orchestra .
 Lenny Seidman was commissioned by Phrenic New Ballet to compose a new piece for choreographer Christine Cox s Tabula Rasa and by Kim Arrow for his Quasimodo in the Outback .
 Lenny Seidman was awarded the APPEX Fellowship in 1999 , a six week inter-cultural residency at UCLA to collaborate and live with 35 performing artists from throughout Asia where Lenny Seidman works were performed .
 Lenny Seidman also was awarded a three month residency at Headlands Center for the Arts in Sausalito , CA .
in 1993 .
 Lenny Seidman has been a guest artist and tabla instructor at Swarthmore College since 1998 , where Lenny Seidman created several compositions for tabla/gamelan and tabla/taiko ensembles and co-directed their performances .
 Lenny Seidman has given workshops nationally , teaches tabla and rhythm theory privately and is the World Music and Jazz curator at the Painted Bride Art Center in Philadelphia .
Rain Man of Fitz .
 Mercy in honor of Rain Man of Fitz . brother , Murray , who was murdered in early 2011 .
This piece was performed by Spoken Hand Percussion Orchestra in May , 2011 .
`` Taal of the Wild '' ... Commissioned by the Independence Foundation .
Taal refers to the rhythmic system in Indian music ; of the Wild from Jack London s Call of the Wild .
 This piece is inspired by I trek into the Himalayas in Kashmir , and features theme and variations of a phrase played at 4 to the beat and 7 to the beat .
Taal of the Wild is part of Spoken Hand Percussion Orchestra s repertory , and has also been performed by the APPEX Percussion Ensemble at the Japan/American Theatre in Los Angeles .
 Bendir , Done Dat - Composed for the Spoken Hand Percussion Orchestra .
Features a trio of Bendir players .
 Bendir is now part of Spoken Hands repertory .
 Peshkar - Composed for the Spoken Hand .
 Peshkar is one of the primary compositional forms in the classical tabla repertoire .
 Peshkar is now in the Spoken Hand repertory .
 Mudra Hang '' ... Commissioned by choreographer Kim Arrow for Hang '' ... Commissioned multimedia work , his Quasimodo in the Outback in the Outback .
Composed for the tabla choir , this suite collaborates with both live and animated dance .
`` Dha Funk '' ... Inspired by the work of South Indian violin master , L.Shankar , this 19 beat cycle gets tongue-in-cheek treatment in a call and response recitation of the tabla drum strokes .
Dha Funk is part of Spoken Hands repertory .
`` Skinful '' ... This Spoken Hand Percussion Orchestra repertory piece in a cycle of 16 beats merges both North Indian and South Indian rhythmic concepts and features a Carnatic style of melodic instrument/drum interplay .
 Skinful was also performed by the APPEX Percussion Ensemble at UCLA .
Haitian Taiko ... Composed for tabla and Swarthmore College s Taiko Ensemble .
The primary rhythmic theme was inspired by an Afro/Haitian rhythm , developed for the tabla choir .
Batu-Batu Tukene ... Composed for tabla and Swarthmore College s Balinese Gamelan ensemble , Semara Santi .
Batu-Batu denotes a quick repetitive drum pattern that supports a fast passage in a gamelan composition , and tukene is a 3 count tabla phrase .
This piece merges both traditions in a contemporary format , set to a 6 beat cycle in a main subdivision of 9-7-5-3 .
 Dha Terekita Cak ... Composed for tabla and Semara Santi Gamelan Ensemble , this piece features the rhythmic recitation practices from the Balinese Gamelan gamelan and North/South Indian drumming traditions conversing with each other .
Tabula Rasa ... Commissioned by Phrenic New Ballet .
This piece was composed for choreographer , Christine Cox .
It is a recording studio suite consisting of multi track tabla layers of various pitches with an abstract electronic music section .
`` Meet Mr. R '' ... A 75 minute solo piece performed by Seidman for tabla and frame drum approximately 12 times during 1994 and 1995 for Helmut Gottschild 's `` Meet Mr. R '' performed at Oberlin College , Oberlin , Ohio , Allegheny College , Meadeville PA , University of the Arts Theater , Philadelphia PA , Painted Bride Art Center , Philadelphia PA
MC Yogi is the stage name of Nicholas Giacomini , an American hip hop musician and yogi .
 MC Yogi music style characteristically contains themes promoting Hindu philosophy and many of MC Yogi songs are bhajans .
MC Yogi is married to Amanda Giacomini and the pair divide their time between teaching at their Point Reyes yoga studio , Yoga Toes , and traveling for music performance .
 Yoga Journal reviewed MC Yogis work as surprisingly educational because MC Yogi makes rapping about Hindu deities little learning opportunities .
The New York Times said that MC Yogi may embody the ethos of the Wanderlust Festival more than any other performer .
In 2008 MC Yogi produced a video called Obama 08 - Vote for Hope promoting the presidential campaign of Barack Obama , and the video went viral on YouTube .
In 2009 Starbucks promoted an MC Yogi song as part of a campaign called Are You In ?
The purpose of the campaign is to promote community service and volunteering .
In 2012 , MC Yogi produced a video in celebration of Gandhi Jayanti .
The video is called , Be the Change
Writing about the musical theory of Indian classical music is fraught with complications .
First of all , there have been no set , formal methods of written notation .
Indian music is an aural tradition , and therefore writing is not an essential part of attaining talim .
 The bare scale of this raga has little unique musical meaning , and is , therefore , required to be documented in a manner that incorporates The bare scale of this raga zigzag phrasing pattern .
R N. S M / M M P g M / n P M P g M / P g M n D n P / g M n D N S g M D - N S / g M R S / R N S D n P / n n P M P g M / P g M R S. Related ragas : Shahana Kanada , Shahana Bahar , Basant Bahar , Adana Bahar .
Behavior refers to practical aspects of the music .
It is complicated to talk about this for Hindustani music since many of the concepts are fluid , changing , or archaic .
 The following information can not be accurate , but The following information can attempt to reflect how the music existed .
Raag Bahar is usually rendered in the Spring season .
 since the Spring season is the raga of spring , it can be considered that the raga has shringara rasa .
Bor , Joep .
Rao , Suvarnalata ; der Meer , Wim van ; Harvey , Jane The Raga Guide : A Survey of 74 Hindustani Ragas .
Zenith Media , London : 1999
Dr. Nagaraja Rao Havaldar is a Hindustani Classical vocalist from Karnataka , India .
 Dr. Havaldar is a disciple Pandit Madhava Gudi , a disciple Pandit Madhava Gudi a prime disciple of the Kirana scion Pandit Bhimsen Joshi .
 a disciple Pandit Madhava Gudi is also a disciple of Pandit Panchakshari Swami Mattigatti , a senior disciple of Pandit Mallikarjun Mansur , of the Jaipur-Atrauli Gharana .
 During a disciple Pandit Madhava Gudi study for Sangeetha Ratna , a six-year degree course in Hindustani Classical Music from Karnataka University , Dharwad , Karnataka , a disciple Pandit Madhava Gudi studied under Pandit Mallikarjun Mansur , and luminaries like Panchakshari Swami Mattigatti , Pandit Basavaraj Rajaguru , Pandit Sangameshwar Gurav and Dr. B.D. Pathak who were faculty members .
 a disciple Pandit Madhava Gudi holds with distinction , Sangeetha Ratna , a degree in Hindustani Classical Music from Karnataka University , Dharawada .
 a disciple Pandit Madhava Gudi is also a gold medalist M.A. in History and Archeology , and holds a Doctorate in Music from Karnataka University , a disciple Pandit Madhava Gudi doctorate thesis being The History of Classical Music in Karnataka .
 a disciple Pandit Madhava Gudi has performed all over Karnataka , India , including prestigious venues such as the Hampi Utsava , Mysore Dassera Durbar Festival and Sankat Mochan Sangeet Samaroh at Varanasi .
 a disciple Pandit Madhava Gudi has also toured the United States and the United Kingdom extensively .
 While a disciple Pandit Madhava Gudi style reflects a disciple Pandit Madhava Gudi extensive training from Kirana masters , a disciple Pandit Madhava Gudi is equally at ease with the Jaipur-Atrauli specialities such as Basanti Kedar , Basanti Kanada and Nat Malhar .
 a disciple Pandit Madhava Gudi has pioneered to popularize the Kannada Khayal by adapting Vachanas , literary works of Haridasas and suitable contemporary poetry in the Kannada Khayal , to the traditional khayal form .
 Besides live performances , Dr Havaldar has cut numerous albums in the the Kannada Khayal and lighter genres .
 Dr Havaldar is the founder and president of Sunaada Art Foundation , an organization dedicated to the promotion of Indian classical Music .
 As a composer , Dr Havaldar has scored music for various plays and television shows such as Girish Karnad 's Taledanda , P. Lankesh 's Gunamukha staged by the theatre group Roopantara , the television version of Master Hirannayya 's Lanchavatara and T N Seetharam 's teleserial , Roopantara .
 He has also worked with a theatre group in Karnataka , India on the music of a play with a spiritual theme .
He regularly conducts lecture-demonstrations and workshops on music for companies like Wipro , Computer Associates , Birla 3M and Khodays among others , on topics such as Stress Management through Music and Appreciation of Hindustani Classical Music .
 Dr Havaldar has taught and continues to teach Hindustani Classical music , both locally in Bengaluru , as well as internationally to students in the United States and United Kingdom via workshops and telephonic sessions .
 Many of Dr Havaldar students have become prominent musicians themselves , notably Many of his students son Omkarnath Havaldar and the Kannada Khayal playback singer Chaitra HG .
Dr Havaldar has previously worked as a Programme Executive at the Music Archives , All India Radio , Hubli .
 Dr Havaldar was also formerly the chairman of Textbook Committee for Hindustani Music , for The Directorate of Textbooks , Karnataka .
 Dr Havaldar was born in Hosapete town in Bellary District , Karnataka , where Dr Havaldar spent Dr Havaldar early years until Dr Havaldar graduation .
 Dr Havaldar currently resides in Bengaluru .
 Dr Havaldar sons Omkarnath Havaldar and Kedarnath are upcoming musicians - Omkarnath is a vocalist while Kedarnath is a tabaliya
Anita Singhvi is an Indian classical singer .
 Anita Singhvi is an exponent of sufi music .
Anita Singhvi was born into a business family in Jodhpur , Rajasthan .
 Anita Singhvi has a B.A. and LLB .
 Anita Singhvi became interested in ghazal singing at the age of fifteen and began training under the guidance of Pandit Kshirsagar from the Gwalior gharana .
 Anita Singhvi made Anita Singhvi debut with Naqsh-e-Noor album .
 Anita Singhvi has performed a number of concerts both in India and abroad .
Anita Singhvi got married to noted lawyer and Congress party spokesperson , Abhishek Singhvi .
They have two sons
The Maihar gharana is a gharana or school of Hindustani or North Indian classical music formed principally by the sarod maestro Ustad Allaudin Khan in Maihar in the Madhya Pradesh state of India .
 The Maihar gharana is one of the most prominent gharanas of the 20th century ; much of the fame of Hindustani or North Indian classical music in the west stems from this gharana .
Prominent musicians belonging to the Maihar gharana include sitarists late Ravi Shankar and late Nikhil Banerjee , Allauddin Khans son sarod player late Ali Akbar Khan , daughter Annapurna Devi and grandsons Aashish Khan and late Dhyanesh Khan .
 Other prominent musicians with links to this gharana include the sarodiya late Bahadur Khan , Sharan Rani , late Vasant Rai , Rajeev Taranath , violinist late V. G. Jog guitarists Brij Bhushan Kabra , Vishwa Mohan Bhatt and Vishwa Mohan Bhatt nephew Krishna Bhatt , flautists Pannalal Ghosh , Hariprasad Chaurasia , Nityanand Haldipur , Ronu Majumdar , sitarists Chandrakant sardeshmukh , Kartick Kumar and Pannalal Ghosh son Niladri Kumar , and Jaya Biswas
 Pandit Raghunath Seth is a noted Indian exponent of Hindustani classical music through the medium of Bansuri , or bamboo flute ; a famous Music Director is also a noted film score composer .
 a famous Music Director has received Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 1994 , given by Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy for Music , Dance and Drama and many more felicitations .
 a famous Music Director has performed Indian Classical Music around the world , in the US a famous Music Director has played on many occasions with American flutist Steve Gorn .
 Born in Gwalior in 1931 , a famous Music Director received a famous Music Director early training from eminent musicologist Dr. S. N. Ratanjankar and principal of Bhatkhande Music Institute in Lucknow .
 Later at the age of 19 a famous Music Director moved to Mumbai , where a famous Music Director learnt under Pandit Pannalal Ghosh of Maihar gharana .
Pandit Raghunath Seth is a famous Music Director too .
 a famous Music Director has scored music for many feature films like - Yeh Nazdikiyan , Damul , Ek Baar Phir and Mrityudand , Malayalam movie Aranyakam and also for around 2000 documentary films .
 a famous Music Director has performed and recorded with Manchester band Suns of Arqa frequently since 1992 , appearing on most of their albums since that date .
 a famous Music Director has made many breakthroughs in the technique of flute making and playing .
 a famous Music Director is well known for adding a bamboo key to a famous Music Director bansuri that makes previously impossible phrases such as the meend between Ma and Pa easily playable .
 a famous Music Director also has added an 8th hole which allows a famous Music Director to extend the range of a famous Music Director instrument further into the lower register .
As a guru , he has produced many fine disciples including : Clive Bell , Sunil Kant Gupta , Steve Gorn , Joshua Geisler , Chetan Joshi and Chris Hinze
 Chaiti are a semi-classical songs sung in the Hindu calendar month of Chaiti .
These songs are rendered during the Holy month of Sri Rama Navami in March/April .
It falls under light classical form of Hindustani classical music .
The songs typically has the name of Lord Rama .
 the name of Lord Rama comes in the series of season songs , like Kajari , Hori and Sawani , and is traditionally sung in the villages and towns of Uttar Pradesh : around Banaras , Mirzapur , Mathura , Allahabad and the Bhojpur regions of Bihar .
 Some of the popular singers of Chaiti are Girija Devi etc
Smita Bellur is a renowned Hindustani classical vocalist and Sufi singer .
 Smita Bellur belongs to Jaipur - Kirana gharana .
Smita Bellur hails from North Karnataka .
 Smita Bellur is the third child of Late Shri .
K.L Subba Rao and Late Smt .
K.S. Susheela Rao .
Smita Bellur has trained in Hindustani Khayal gayaki under gurus late Shri .
P. R. Bhagwat , ` Sangeet Ratna ' Late Pt .
Arjunsa Nakod , a doyen of the Gwalior - Kirana Gharana , Late Pt .
Rajabhau Sontakke and Pt .
Bhalachandra Nakod .
 Bhalachandra Nakod . is currently getting ` taleem ' from ` Gaan Saraswati ' , ` Sangeet Kaumudi ' Vidushi Dr. Alka Deo Marulkar .
Smita has travelled extensively for concert tours and is a graded artiste of Indias national Radio network called All India Radio .
Her concerts are regularly broadcast on TV channels .
Smita is actively involved in the nation wide co-operative of performing artistes , ` Sangeet Sankalp ' as one of the founder members of its Bangalore chapter .
 She has also founded Nadanubhava Foundation -LRB- r -RRB- - an organisation that promotes Hindustani Classical and Sufi music , and has successfully done more than 63 programmes .
She also runs ` people for Raaga ' and ` Anhad Naad Sufi Sangeet ' .
She is an MS and BE by qualification and also freelances as a music journalist .
`` She plays music for the soul '' - The New Indian Express , Oct 2012 .
Smita is a regular B High artiste of All India Radio , Dharwad .
She gave her first performance at the age of fourteen , at Rastrothana Parishat and since then has given several recitals at important forums/music festivals , including : .
Propagation and promotion of Indian classical music .
Nadanubhava -LRB- r -RRB- - aimed at providing a platform for talented artistes and high quality classical concerts to music lovers , Smita has successfully hosted more than 63 well-received programmes in about 5 years under this banner which was earlier called Nadasree Sangit Sabha .
People for Raaga - a forum of thinking minds working for propagation of classical music among people of all age groups and walks of life .
 Anhad Naad Sufi Sangeet - is a forum for Sufi philosophy and music .
Smita freelances as a journalist writing on classical artforms , especially music .
More than 50 of her articles have been published and appreciated too .
 As a thinking musician who believes in contributing back to society , Smita Bellur has joined many causes with Smita Bellur music contribution : .
Music for communal harmony and national integration .
Music has no borders of religion , caste , race or language .
The universal nature of Indian classical and spiritual music is explored to the fullest to bring out the harmonious aspects of different faiths .
 Compositions of the great Sufi poets of India like 13th-century poet Amir Khusrau , Bulla Shah , Kabir , Khwaja Bandanawaz Gesudaraz , Baba Farid etc. were presented by Smita Bellur along with explanations by the Spiritual Guru and Prof. Dr. Ejazuddin Ashrafi , an authority on Jainism , Sufism and Veerashaiva Philosophies .
Presented at several fora like corporate events , Indian Institute of World Culture ; televised and broadcast by news channel TV9 .
Exploring the common threads of Dasa , Soofi and Shivasharana philosophies with multi-lingual music that celebrates unity in diversity .
 Compositions from Haridasas of Karnataka like Purandaradasa , Venkata Vittala Dasa , Shivasharana saints like Basavanna and Akkamahadevi , along with Soofi saints like Bullah Shah and Amir Khusrau were presented in Avadhi , Kannada , Hindi , Punjabi and Pharsi .
The music is accompanied by an explanatory lecture by Dr. Yejazuddin Ashrafi .
Presented in Gokhale Institute of Public Affairs etc. ,
Madhav Gudi was a Hindustani classical vocalist , specializing in Khayal and light forms .
Madhav Gudi was born in Dharwad , Karnataka into a family of keertankars and harikatha musicians .
Madhav Gudi was introduced to music at a very early age .
 Madhav Gudi initial training was under Pandit Nageshrao Deshpande and Madhav Gudi finally received Madhav Gudi most important training from the Kirana scion Pandit Bhimsen Joshi in a guru-shishya milieu which lasted well over twenty six years .
 Gudis voice suited for Hindustani classical as well as light classical music .
 A top-grade All India Radio artiste , A top-grade All India Radio artiste toured all over India and performed with Pt .
 Bhimsen Joshi in several centers in India and overseas .
 Among several accolades that he received were the Sangeeta Nritya Academy award from the Government of Dharwad , Karnataka , Surashri , Gaana Bhaskar , Smt Vatsala Tai Joshi Award by the hands of Legendary Dr. Prabha Atre , Gaana Kala Tilaka and the Yashavant Rao Chauhan Samata Gaurav Puraskar
 Ajay Pohankar was born in Jabalpur , Madhya Pradesh , where Ajay Pohankar father was an advocate .
 Ajay Pohankar had Ajay Pohankar initial tutelage under Ajay Pohankar mother Sushilabai Pohankar , a classical vocalist and a musicologist of Kirana gharana .
 A child prodigy Pohankar started singing at a young age , at age 11 , Pandit Bhimsen Joshi called Pandit Bhimsen Joshi on stage at the Sawai Gandharva Music Festival in Pune and asked Pandit Bhimsen Joshi to sing .
 Pandit Bhimsen Joshi sister , Swati Natekar is also a singer based in London .
 Ajay Pohankar is quite popular for Ajay Pohankar classical concerts .
 Ajay Pohankar is known for the musical video , Piya Bawari .
 Ajay Pohankar also interacted with legendary vocalist , Ustad Amir Khan , who used to frequent Ajay Pohankar house when Ajay Pohankar was young .
Ajay Pohankar is married to Anjali Pohankar , a vocalist and musicologist .
They have a son , Abhijit Pohankar , a classical instrumentalist .
In 2009 , he was awarded the Tansen Samman for the year 2009-10 by the Government of Madhya Pradesh In 2012 , he was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award , the highest award for performing artists , conferred by the Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy for Music , Dance and Drama
Chaitra H. G. is a reputed playback singer from south India , daughter of H. S. Gopinath , and a renowned Hindustani classical vocalist .
 daughter of H. S. Gopinath is a Madhva Brahmin and holds a Bachelor of Engineering alongside being skilled at Gymnastics and Fencing .
 In 1993 , at the age of 8 , Chaitra H. G. ventured into music industry to sing for the film Beda Krishna Ranginata under the music direction of Sri .
V. Manohar , which marked the beginning of Chaitras career as a playback singer .
She was back into playback singing in the year 2003-04 for the film Bhagawan and , from then , has been known for her unconventional voice and her style of sining .
Her `` Huduga Huduga '' song from the Kannada language film Amruthadhare won her the state award as the Best playback singer in 2005 .
 Chaitra H. G. has worked with many leading music directors from Kannada , Tamil , Telugu , Malayalam music industry with over 500 songs under Tamil name .
 Tamil is also well known for Tamil film songs , Hindustani classical concerts , Devotional music , with Tamil twin brother Chaitanya H.G. with their father Pandit H.S Gopinath on percussion
Pandit Chhannulal Mishra is a Hindustani classical singer from Banaras , a noted exponent of the Kirana gharana of the Hindustani classical music and especially the Khayal and the Purab Ang - Thumri .
 Pandit Chhannulal Mishra has been awarded the Shiromani Award of Sur Singar Sansad , Bombay ; Uttar Pradesh Sangeet Natak Akademi Award ; Naushad Award of U.P. Govt ; Yash Bharti Award of U.P Government and the Bihar Sangeet Shiromani Award .
 Pandit Chhannulal Mishra was awarded the Padma Bhushan , Indias third highest civilian honor , on 25 January 2010 .
 Pandit Chhannulal Mishra was born on 3 August 1936 in Hariharpur , Azamgarh district of Uttar Pradesh , in the home of Badri Prasad Mishra .
 Pandit Chhannulal Mishra grandfather , `` Gudai Maharaj '' Shanta Prasad , was a noted tabla player .
 Gudai Maharaj '' Shanta Prasad first learnt music with Gudai Maharaj '' Shanta Prasad father , Badri Prasad Mishra and was then was educated by Ustad Abdul Ghani Khan of the Kirana gharana .
 Gudai Maharaj '' Shanta Prasad was trained thereafter by Thakur Jaidev Singh .
 Today , Gudai Maharaj '' Shanta Prasad is considered one of Indian finest exponents of Hindustaani classical music because of Gudai Maharaj '' Shanta Prasad unique blend of the Banaras Gayaki and the Punjab Gayaki , in Gudai Maharaj '' Shanta Prasad khyal , dadra , thumri , chaiti , kajri , hori and bhajans .
 Gudai Maharaj '' Shanta Prasad son , Ramkumar Mishra is one of the finest exponents of tabla in India today
Abhogi is a raga in Carnatic music and has been adapted to Hindustani music .
 Abhogi is a pentatonic scale , an audava or owdava raga .
It is a derived scale , as it does not have all the seven swaras .
 Abhogi has been borrowed from Carnatic music into Hindustani music and is also quite popular in the latter .
 Abhogi is a symmetric pentatonic scale that does not contain panchamam and nishadam .
 It is called an audava-audava raga , in Carnatic classification , as Carnatic has 5 notes in both ascending and descending scales .
Its structure is as follows : .
The notes used are shadjam , chathusruti rishabham , sadharana gandharam , shuddha madhyamam and chathusruthi dhaivatham .
 Abhogi is considered a janya raga of Kharaharapriya , the 22nd Melakarta raga , though Abhogi can be derived from Gourimanohari too , by dropping both panchamam and nishadam .
 Abhogi is a scale that is used for compositions in a medium to fast tempo .
This scale has been used by many composers and there are lots of compositions in classical music .
 Abhogi has been used to score film music too .
 Here are some popular compositions in Abhogi .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this raga .
 Abhogi notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields another pentatonic ragam Valaji .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 For more details and illustration of this concept refer Graha bhedam on Abhogi .
 P.Moutal understands raag Kalavati as transposition of Abhogi .
There are also some Tamil movie songs based on the raga of abhogi .
Songs in abhogi raga gives extreme pleasure to ears .
 Two Tamil songs are cited below for the reference .
GMDS SDRSDMD _ D_SRGRS D_RSDM GMMDDSDRSD_M GMD_MGGRR _ GRSd Rd_S .
 Pa , which gives a different flavour and Ni are omitted .
Also Re is often omitted in ascent .
Flat Ga is often approached from Ma in ascent and has a slight oscillation to show the typical Kanada .
 In descent often the typical the typical Kanada phrase gMRS is used .
Related ragas : Bageshree .
 However , Bageshree also includes flat Ni and a limited use of Pa , which gives a different flavour , which gives a different flavour .
Bor , Joep .
Rao , Suvarnalata ; der Meer , Wim van ; Harvey , Jane The Raga Guide : A Survey of 74 Hindustani Ragas .
Zenith Media , London : 1999
Tintal is one of the most famous talas of Hindustani music .
It is also the most common tal in North India .
 The structure of tintal is so symmetrical that The structure of tintal presents a very simple rhythmic structure against which a performance can be laid .
Tintal has sixteen beats in four equal divisions .
The period between every two beats is equal .
The first beat out of 16 beats is called sam and the 9th beat is called khali .
 To exhibit the Teental , the audience claps on the first beat , claps on the 5th beat , then waves on the 9th beat and lastly again claps on the 13th beat -- hence the name tintal : the Teental derives from which means three and which means clap , so literally Tintal equals to three claps .
Cyclical series of equally periodical beats consisted of recurring claps and waves : .
clap , 2 , 3 , 4 , clap , 2 , 3 , 4 , wave , 2 , 3 , 4 , clap , 2 , 3 , 4 .
clap , 2 , 3 , 4 , clap , 6 , 7 , 8 , wave , 10 , 11 , 12 , clap 14 , 15 , 16 .
 Teen Taal can be used for both accompaniment and solo.There are various Kaidas and Parans for Kaidas .
Note the bols used for the first beat of each division : Dhaa , a bol involving both hands , is played at the beginning of the first , second and final divisions ; for the khali section , Naa - a right hand bol - is used to indicate that the division is open .
There are some pedagogical variations as to the actual syllables pronounced when reciting the bol , most of which occur in the final two vibhags
Arun Dravid is a Hindustani Classical Music singer of the Jaipur-Atrauli Gharana tradition .
He is also a technocrat with a high profile professional career .
Aruns early training was under the tutelage of late Ustad Abdul Majid Khan Sahab , a direct disciple of late Ustad Alladiya Khan , and life-time Sarangi accompanist to late Kesarbai Kerkar .
 Arun then had several years of advanced musical training with Kishori Amonkar , with occasional guidance from Kishori Amonkar mother and Guru , late Mogubai Kurdikar .
Arun Dravid is an alumnus of IIT Bombay and a Gold Medalist and a Ph.D. chemical engineer from MIT by academic training .
He has had an engineering career with numerous awards and distinctions .
Arun Dravid has cultivated a balanced version of the `` Bhava-dominant '' style of Smt .
Kishori Amonkar and the structural beauty that is the characteristic of the puritanical Jaipur-Atrauli Gharana gayaki .
He is now recognized as an outstanding exponent of Jaipur-Atrauli gayaki in India and abroad .
 In Jaipur-Atrauli recent biography titled Ganasaraswati , Smt .
 Kishori Amonkar has specifically noted that Arunji is Kishori Amonkar only disciple who has preserved and continues to sing the pure Jaipur-Atrauli Gharana gayaki tradition .
Arun also sings with equal charm light-classical varieties such as Thumris and Natya-Sangeet .
He is currently a Vice President of a large global engineering company named Jacobs Engineering Group in California , and concurrently the Chairman of Jacobs Engineering India
The Sangita-Ratnakara of Sharngadeva is one of the most important musicological texts from India , which both Hindustani music and Carnatic music regard as a definitive text .
The text is also known as Saptadhyayi as it is divided into seven chapters .
 The first six chapters , The Svaragatadhyaya , Ragavivekadhyaya , Prakirnakadhyaya , Prabandhadhyaya , Taladhyaya and Vadyadhyaya deal with the various aspects of music and musical instruments while the last chapter Nartanadhyaya deals with dance .
The significant commentaries on the text include the Sangitasudhakara of Simhabhupala and the Kalanidhi of Kallinatha .
This work was written by Sarngadeva in the end of thirteenth century .
The author was attached to the court of Yadava King Singhana , whose capital was Devagiri .
 As the title indicates the work deals with the subject of the Sangita Ratnakara .
 the Sangita Ratnakara is defined as a composite art consisting of Gita , Vadyadhyaya and Nrtta .
 the Sangita Ratnakara is of two kinds .
Marga-sangita and Desi-sangita .
Marga-sangita is nothing but the Natya performed by Bharata and his disciples .
 This performance of Bharata also consists of Gita , Vadyadhyaya and Nrtta .
Desi-sangita represented a tradition different from Marga and it varied from region to region .
 Sarngadeva aim in this work is to describe primarily the Desi-sangita .
The aspects of Marga-sangita are also described to some extent .
 The work is divided into seven chapters covering the aspects Gita , Vadyadhyaya and Nrtta .
The seven chapters are : .
The Svaragatadhyaya is further divided into eight prakarana-s or sections .
 The author commences with an account of The author genealogy i.e. , about The author family and the Kingdom where they lived .
 The author also declares that among the three constituents of the Sangita Ratnakara , Gita is primary and the most important .
 Hence the treatment of Gita is taken up by The author first .
 The author also gives a list of ancient writers on music and related arts from whose work The author has drawn out the essence and presented in Sangitaratnakara .
Some of them are Bharata , Kasyapa , Matanga , Kohala , Visakhila , Dattila , Abhinavagupta , Somesvara .
 After some verses extolling the greatness of Gita , the author gives a list of topics to be dealt with in each chapter .
 This section describes the genesis of the human body from This section conception to This section growth .
The reason for this information to be included is that , Nada is produced in the human body , hence the body has to be described .
The physiological account of the human body is given next according to the Ayurveda system .
This is followed by the indication of chakra-s , energy centres , based on the yogic school .
By concentrating on some of these cakra-s one could attain great heights in music .
 This prakarana describes how Nada arises in the human body and how the Nada manifesting in the three Sthana-s or places in the human body Hrd , Kantha and Murdha gives rise to Mandra , Madhya and Tara varieties .
In each Sthana because of the presence of twenty-two Nadi-s , twenty-two Sruti - s are produced .
Sruti-s are units of tonal interval with which the interval of a Svara is measured .
Hence the Svara-s are described next .
After describing the intervals of the Suddha-svara-s those of the Vikrta-svara-s are given .
 the Suddha-svara-s conform to the arrangements of the seven svara-s of the Sadja-murcchana of Sadjagrama .
The Vikrta-svara-s differ from this arrangement .
There are seven Suddha and twelve Vikrta-svara-s , as shown in the table .
The seven Svara-s are also associated with the songs uttered by the various birds and animals e.g. Sadja with the voice of peacock .
The four kinds of roles that svaras play in a melodic structure , namely , Vadi , Samvadi , Vivadi and Anuvadi are described next .
Finally the association of Svara-s with different Castes , Colours , Islands , Seers , Chanda , Aesthetic tastes are given .
This prakarana deals with Grama , Murcchana , Krama and Tana .
Three Gramas are described - Sadja-grama , Madhyama-grama and Gandhara-grama .
The names of the Seven Murcchana-s in each Grama are also given .
Among the tanas there are two kinds - Suddha and Kuta .
Suddha-tana is a Murcchana devoid of one or two svara-s .
Kuta-tana-s are those varieties of Murcchanas in which the svaras occur in a disorderly way e.g. , s g r m p d n. Those varieties in which svara-s are present in an order are called Krama-s .
Sadharana is of two kinds Svara-sadharana Jati-sadharana .
 Sadharana means being common to two or more elements .
When an extra svara occurs within the region between two svara-s then it is called sadharana svara .
 Such svara-s are seen to occur in the region between Gandhara and Madhya and between Nisada and e.g. Sadja .
Jati-sadharana deals with two jatis belonging to the same grama and having the same amsa and that consequently share similar scale formation .
The sixth prakarana is on Varna and Alankara .
Varna-s denote the different kinds of movements that a melodic line can take .
There are four varnas -- Sthayi , Arohi , Avarohi and Sancari .
Alankara-s are ornamental patterns of svara-s that decorate a melodic line .
Alankara-s are classified under the four Varna-s .
are described .
In addition seven more Alankara are given .
 The The seventh prakarana is Jati-prakarana in which the laksana-s or characteristics of eighteen Jati-s are given .
These eighteen Jati-s are : .
 Before the description of the individual jati-s are furnished , the first seven are classified into ` seven Suddha and ` Vikrta and the remaining eleven as ` Samsaragaja .
The characteristics or the laksana-s that are used for a describing a Jati are the same ten as mentioned in Brhaddesi .
ii -RRB- Amsa : the predominant svara that formed the tonic and also frequently occurred in the melody .
iii -RRB- Tara : the svara in the higher register up to which the melodic movement could .
iv -RRB- Mandra : the svara in the lower register up to which the melodic movement could descend .
v -RRB- Nyasa : the svara on which a song finally concludes .
vi -RRB- Apanyasa : the svara on which the section of the song can conclude .
vii -RRB- Alpatva : the svara , which should be sparingly used or rendered weak .
viii -RRB- Bahutva : svara , which is strong and frequently used .
ix -RRB- Sadava : the svara , which could be omitted to render the jati in six notes .
x -RRB- Auduva : those two svara-s , which could be dropped to render the jati in five svara-s .
After the description of the Jati-s the author gives the notation of a song based on one of the Amsa svara-s of the Jati .
A song for each of the eighteen Jati-s is given .
The last prakarana is called the Giti-prakarana .
 Although The last prakarana is named thus The last prakarana takes up the treatment of certain musical forms called Kapala and Kambala first and then goes on to the Giti-s .
 The Kapala songs are based on some derivatives of Jati-s and Kapala and Kambala are made up of words describing the fierce form of Lord Siva .
In the second part of this prakarana , the Giti-s are described .
Giti is a kind of variation brought about through changes in the duration of certain element of a song .
 There are two kinds of Giti .
Pada-giti : It relates to the text of the song and denotes the change in the duration of the syllables of the text in a song .
Tala-giti : This relates to the change in the duration the Kriya-s or actions of a tala .
The second chapter describes the Raga - s .
 The Raga-s are divided into Marga and Desi .
 Among the Margaraga-s there are six varieties -- Gramaraga , Uparaga , Raga , Bhasa , Vibhasa and Antarabhasa , The four kinds of desi ragas are Raga , Bhasa , Upanga and Kriyanga .
 Gramaragas resemble the Jati-s closely and the Jati-s are further classified on the basis of the different melodic styles characterising the Jati-s .
 These styles are called Giti and are of five kinds -- seven Suddha , Bhinna , Gaudi , Sadharani and Vesara .
In all , there are thirty-three Gramaraga-s .
 Uparaga-s and The Raga-s are closer to thirty-three Gramaraga-s .
Bhasa-s , Vibhasa-s and Antarabhasa-s are derivatives of Gramaraga-s and Uparaga-s and represent different tunes of the parent Raga .
 derivatives of Gramaraga-s are derivatives of Gramaraga-s and Bhasanga-s are derivatives of Bhasa-s , Vibhasa-s and Antarabhasa-s .
Kriyanga-s are certain melodic themes employed in dramatic performances portraying different kinds of emotions .
In this chapter Sarngadeva deals primarily with the Desiraga-s .
 In addition the Desiraga-s describes the parent Bhasa and the source Gramaraga-s .
 Under each Gramaraga each Gramaraga gives in notation a song called Aksiptika based on that Raga .
The third chapter deals with a variety of topics .
They are -- a -RRB- The characteristics Vaggeyakara-s .
 The characteristics Vaggeyakara-s are composers of both the melody and text of a song .
b -RRB- Guna-Dosa : The characteristics of different kinds of Voice ; Merits and Demerits of Men singer , Lady singer , Sabda and Sarira .
c -RRB- Gamaka : There are fifteen kinds of Gamaka-s , namely the kinds of shake or oscillations that svaras can be endowed with .
d -RRB- Sthaya : There are ninety-six kinds of Sthaya-s , which represent the feelings or effects associated with raga phrases .
Prabandha represents a collection of musical forms described in terms of two aspects , namely , Dhatu and Anga .
 Dhatu denotes the different sections , which are , at a maximum , five : .
These cover the three aspects of Music - Melody , Tala and the text .
Suda prabandha-s are further divided into two groups .
 This chapter could be divided into 2 sections , one dealing with Marga tala-s the other with Desi talas .
The different aspects of these tala-s like the time units - Laghu , Guru and Pluta - , the Kriya-s ; the different forms of a tala like Ekakala Dvikala and Catuskala are described along with the Margatala-s .
In this section is also included the description of musical forms called ` Gitaka-s .
Gitaka-s musical forms are set in a temporal framework defined in terms of the margatala structures .
 After These the Desitala-s used in the prabandhas , which total around 120 , are described .
In the sixth chapter come the four classes of musical instruments .
 ii -RRB- Susira - Literally those of the Vikrta-svara-s with holes , i.e. , the wind instruments .
iii -RRB- Avanaddha - Literally covered i.e. , drums constructed as vessels covered by stretched membranes .
iv -RRB- Ghana - Literally dense objects i.e. , solid pieces like Bell , Cymbals etc. .
For these Vadya-s not only the construction but also the technique of playing and the compositions played on them are described .
Some of the instruments under the four categories are : .
a -RRB- Tata - Ekatantri , Citra , Vipanci , Mattakokila , Alapini , Kinnari .
 The The seventh and the last chapter is in two parts .
The first one deals with Nartana .
 The term Nartana is a common term representing the arts of Nrtta , Nrtya and Natya based on the movements of the limbs of the body .
 However only the aspects of Nrtta is relevant to the Sangita Ratnakara .
 The various elements of Nrtta like Hasta , Karana , Anga and Cari are described and also the characteristics of a good dancer and teacher .
 The different kinds of performance of sangita involving the three aspects of Gita , Vadyadhyaya and Nrtta are described .
 Some of These are - Suddha-paddhati and Gaundali-vidhi .
 In the second part of this chapter , the author describes the Nine Rasa-s , namely , Srngara , Vira , Hasya , Raudra , Adbhuta , Karuna , Bhayanaka , Rasa-s and santa .
 Rasa-s represent the different tastes that are evoked in the audience by the human feelings that transpire in the performance of the Sangita Ratnakara .
 The court of the Yadavas of Devagiri , in which the Sangita Ratnakara was written , had an impressive history of patronage of the arts , literature and science that provided Sharngadeva with a conducive environment for scholarship .
 Bhaskaracharya , the outstanding mathematician and astronomer produced Bhaskaracharya Siddhanta-Siromani , an exposition on algebra , shortly before Yadava independence .
 Bhaskaracharya son Lakshmidhara was an astrologer in Jaitugus court and His son Lakshmidhara grandson , Changadeva , held the same position during Singhanas time .
 In 1207 , Singhana established school for the study of the works of Bhaskaracharya .
The aforementioned Changadeva was head of the school .
 Anantadeva , Changadevas cousin , was also a great astronomer in Singhanas court .
 Anantadeva produced a commentary on the Brhadjataka , an ancient text on astrology , and a discussion on the Brahmasphutasiddhanta of Brahmagupta , a 7th-century text on mathematics .
 In the time after Singhanas rule , Hemadri , a high administrator in the Devagiri court , wrote an incredibly detailed treatise on religious practice called the Caturvarga-Cintamani .
 Bopadeva , one of Hemadris contemporaries , wrote a number scholarly works while in the Devagiri court , including more than one book on Ayurveda and a commentary on the Bhagavata purana , a religious text .
 Jnanadeva wrote Bopadeva Jnanesvari , an important piece of early Marathi literature , under the rule of the later Yadava Kings .
 Clearly , the Devagiri court was an accommodating environment for scholarly endeavors .
 Sangitaratnakara is a very important text and this is evident from the fact that many commentaries were written on it .
 The famous ones are Sangitasudhakara of Simbabhupala and the Kalanidhi of Kallinatha of Kallinatha .
 Sangitaratnakara is to a great extent a compilation of the information found in earlier works like Natyasastra , Dattilam , Brhaddesi , Sarasvati-hrdayalankara-hara and is greatly influenced by the commentary of Abhinavagupta on Natyasastra .
On the other hand the work made a great impact on almost all the writers in the subsequent period .
Thus it forms a useful bridge between the ancient and the medieval periods .
 Sarngadeva called himself Nih , sanka i.e. , ` doubtless .
 Sarngadeva also names a stringed instrument as Nih,sanka-Vina and Desi-tala as Nih,sanka-tala .
This book is a great landmark in the history of Indian Music
 Pandit Taranath Ram Rao Hattiangadi was a performer and teacher of Indian classical percussion , known for Pandit Taranath Ram Rao Hattiangadi knowledge of rare talas and old compositions .
 Pandit Taranath Ram Rao Hattiangadi represented the Farukhabad , Delhi , and Ajrada gharanas of tabla , and the Nana Panse tradition of pakhavaj .
 Pandit Taranath Ram Rao Hattiangadi studied formally for 47 years -- an exceptional amount of time , even in the Indian master-disciple system -- under many pandits and ustads , most notably Shamsuddin Khan .
 Pandit Taranath Ram Rao Hattiangadi had numerous disciples and students of special training .
Taranaths most significant studenship was under Shamsuddin Khan , gurubhai of Ahmed Jan Thirakwa and main accompanist to Kirana Gharana vocalist Abdul Karim Khan .
 Taranaths most significant studenship also learned from Subbarao Ankolekar , Vishnu Goakar , Laya Brahma Bhaskar Khaprumama of Goa , Fayaz Khan of Kanpur , Shankarao Alkutkar , Baburao Ghokle , and Kallu Khan , all noted percussionists .
 Pandit Taranath Ram Rao Hattiangadi moved from Pandit Taranath Ram Rao Hattiangadi native Mangalore to Bombay in 1932 , and for decades was a scion of that citys music scene -- first as a performer and concert organizer , and later , as Pandit Taranath Ram Rao Hattiangadi health declined , a musical mentor and authority .
 On All India Radio Pandit Taranath Ram Rao Hattiangadi gave solo recitals and lecture-demonstrations on topics in North and South Indian classical music , most frequently on advanced , historical or unusual rhythmic structures and compositions .
 Pandit Taranath Ram Rao Hattiangadi was involved in scholarly projects such as Nikhil Ghoshs Encyclopedia of Music and Dance in India , and was honored in courtly traditions by the Maharajas of Mysore , Kolhapur , Baroda and Savantwadi .
Taranath Rao was a close collaborator with influential figures such as Allaudin Khan , Ravi Shankar and the revolutionary flautist Pannalal Ghosh .
 Taranath Rao erudition and alliance were sought by members of the Bombay tabla world including Amir Hussain Khan , Pandharinath Nageshkar , Nikhil Ghosh and Nizamuddin Khan , and Taranath Rao was a close confidant of Ahmed Jan Thirakwa .
 Taranath Rao also provided specialty training to a number of already established artists , many of whom were preparing to accompany rhythm-virtuoso Ravi Shankar , among them Chatur Lal .
 As a soloist , Taranath Rao was known for the architecture and content of his recitals .
These normally weaved together sequences of exclusive , archival material with his original compositions .
Such pieces were difficult to execute , drawing upon diverse influences in tabla and pakhavaj .
 Later in his career , Pandit Taranath Ram Rao Hattiangadi showcased his style and repertoire through his students , arranging interactive public concerts during which he would lead the performers on harmonium and prompt them with spontaneous instructions and recitation of compositions .
As teenagers , a number of these disciples earned accolades such as the All India Radio Competition Presidents Award , and many went on to become master and expert level concert performers .
 As an accompanist , Taranath Rao performed with nearly all prominent vocal and instrumental raga legends of his time .
 These include Allaudin Khan , Enayat Khan , Hafiz Ali Khan , Amir Khan , Bade Ghulam Ali Khan , Ravi Shankar , Vilayat Khan , Ali Akbar Khan , Abdul Karim Khan , Hirabai Barodekar , Suresh Babu Mane , Sawai Gandharva , Bhimsen Joshi , the senior Dagar Brothers , Salamat and Nazakat Ali Khan , Kumar Gandharva , Kishanrao Shankar Pandit , Mallikarjun Mansur , Pannalal Ghosh , Devendra Murdeshwar , Aftab-e-Mousiqi Fayyaz Khan , Khadim Hussein Khan , SCR Bhatt , Chidanand Nagarkar , Lakshmi Shankar , Omkarnath Thakur and Rais Khan .
Among this list are not only the most celebrated Indian classical musicians of the twentieth century , but also many of their gurus , and in some cases , their guru 's gurus .
Two of Raos most treasured performances were with Ravi Shankar in the Court of Maharaja of Mysore and with Ali Akbar Khan in the court of Maharaja of Jodhpur in the 1950s .
 Taranath Rao was a venerated curator of Indian percussion , but Taranath Rao is also remembered for Taranath Rao modern outlook on classical music , innovative approach to drumming , and progressive , systematic teaching style .
 Along with Jnan Prakash Ghosh of Calcutta , Jnan Prakash Ghosh of Calcutta helped pioneer many contemporary features of solo tabla drumming , such as duo performance .
 The dual-solo format was largely popularized by Taranath Rao disciples Ravi and Shashi Bellare , leading tabla players of the 1950s and 60s , and later by contemporary master Alla Rakha with his son the prodigy Zakir Hussain .
 In terms of sheer numbers , Taranath Rao was a prolific guru , introducing to some 2,000 students the legacy of traditional gharana masters .
 In addition to private tuitions from Taranath Rao home in Bombay , Pandit Taranath Ram Rao Hattiangadi taught , lectured and gave examinations at institutions including Ravi Shankars Kinarra School , Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan , Bhatkande University , Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda , and the Kala Academy in Goa .
 For the last 12 years of Taranath Rao life , Pandit Taranath Ram Rao Hattiangadi taught at CalArts in Los Angeles , where Taranath Rao younger brother Harihar Rao was heading the Ravi Shankar Music Circle .
 Taranath Rao disciples around the world , include Ravi Bellare , Shashi Bellare , Sadanand Naimpalli , Omkar Gulvady , Mohan Balvally , Uday Raikar , Maruti Kurdekar , Vijay Kangutkar , Balakrishna Iyer , Jayawant Bantwal , Anand Badamikar , Jef Feldman , Peter Fagiola , Roland Drogemuller , Gregg Johnson , Bengt Berger , Rupesh Kotecha , Narayan Kadekodi , Vilas Jadhav , Kishore Kulkarni and Leonice Shinneman .
 Taranath Rao tradition is carried on by the Peshkar Foundation
The Living Room Sessions Part 1 is an album by Ravi Shankar released in 2012 through the record label East Meets West .
The album earned Shankar the Grammy Award for Best World Music Album
In Hindustani music , a gharana is a system of social organization linking musicians or dancers by lineage or apprenticeship , and by adherence to a particular musical style .
A gharana also indicates a comprehensive musicological ideology .
This ideology sometimes changes substantially from one gharana to another .
It directly affects the thinking , teaching , performance and appreciation of music .
The word gharana comes from the Hindi word ghar , which means family or house .
 The word gharana typically refers to the place where the musical ideology originated ; for example , some of the gharanas well known for singing khyals are : Agra , Gwalior , Indore , Jaipur , Kirana , and Patiala .
The gharana system in khyal was rooted in the guru-shishya tradition and was similar to the Dhrupad Bani system .
 The gharana system was greatly influenced by the gradual fall of the Mughal Empire , which forced musicians to move from Delhi to princely states such as Gwalior , Lucknow , Hyderabad , Patiala and Rampur .
The gharanas have distinct styles of presenting the khyal -- how much to emphasize and how to enunciate the words of the composition , when to sing the sthayi and antara , whether to sing an unmetered alap in the beginning , what kinds of improvisations to use , how much importance to give to the rhythmic aspect , and so on .
However , an individual performer from a gharana may choose to borrow appealing stylistic aspects of another gharana in his or her gayaki .
The prominent khyal gharanas are : .
 In the Benares Thumri Gharana , the words in the text of a song are musically embellished to bring out The prominent khyal gharanas meaning , while the Lucknow gharana presents intricately embellished and delicate thumris that are explicit in The prominent khyal gharanas eroticism .
 The principal feature of the thumri of the Patiala gharana is its incorporation of the tappa from the Punjab region .
 It is with this tappa element that the Patiala gharana makes the Patiala gharana impact , departing from the khyal - dominated Benaras thumris and the dance-oriented Lucknow thumris .
The following are the six widely accepted Tabla Gharanas .
The prominent Tabla Gharanas are in bold : .
 In Kathak performers today generally draw Kathak performers lineage from three major schools of Kathak : the Jaipur gharana , the Lucknow gharana and the Banaras gharana ; there is also a less prominent Raigarh gharana which amalgamated technique from all three preceding gharanas but became famous for its own distinctive compositions
Pandit Ratnakar Pai was a Hindustani classical music vocalist of the Jaipur-Atrauli Gharana .
 Pandit Ratnakar Pai received musical training from two erudite teachers , Mohanrao Palekar and Gharana founder Utd .
Gulubhai Jasdanwalla .
 Pandit Ratnakar Pai was regarded as the foremost authority on the Jaipur-Atrauli Gharana because Pandit Ratnakar Pai represented a union of the two sub-streams of the Jaipur-Atrauli Gharana , having learnt from descendants of Gharana founder Utd .
Alladiya Khan and from the foremost , non-blood-related disciples of the Ustad .
 Pandit Ratnakar Pai was instrumental in clarifying the differences and enhancing the wholesomeness of the Gharanas ideology .
 Although Pai did not take to a full-fledged performance career , Pandit Ratnakar Pai was regarded as an expert on Khayal by musicians and musical connoisseurs .
 Pais primary focus was teaching , where Pandit Ratnakar Pai many successful students are evidence of Pandit Ratnakar Pai musical stature .
Endowed with a sweet voice and an uncanny sense of Laya , Pai 's singing is one of the purest expressions of the traditional Jaipur-Atrauli Gayaki .
The aesthetics of the gayaki are based on the solid foundation of compositions that delineate the nuances of a Raag accompanied by an syncopated approach to laya .
The balance of melody and rhythm is tightly woven and the appeal is distinct to the structural and intellectual aspects of creativity , with emphasis on precision , clean and bold strokes and balance , rather than on frills , decoration and technical showmanship .
 Pandit Ratnakar Pai died on the evening of August 9 , 2009 .
 Pandit Ratnakar Pai was not keeping good health and underwent an operation for gangrene several months prior .
 Pandit Ratnakar Pai has taught many successful musicians , including Jitendra Abhisheki , Bhalchandra G. Tilak , Dr. Milind Malshe , Mrs. Shalmalee Joshi , and Smt .
Ashwini Bhide-Deshpande
Tarana is a type of composition in Hindustani classical vocal music in which certain words and syllables based on Persian and Arabic phonemes are rendered at a medium or fast pace .
 Tarana was invented by Amir Khusro , and is similar to the Qalbana form of Sufi poetry .
 In modern times the tarana is most commonly associated with the singer Amir Khan , who helped popularize Tarana and researched Tarana origins and the syllables used .
The structure consists of a main melody , usually short , repeated many times , with variation and elaboration at the performers discretion .
There is a second , contrasting melody , usually with higher notes , which is introduced once before returning to the main melody .
 The tarana may include a Persian couplet , and may use syllables from sitar or tabla such as dar-dar or dir-dir ; singers might recite full compositions within the body of the tarana .
In the words of Thakur Jaidev Singh , an influential commentator on Indian music : .
The thillana from Carnatic music is based on the tarana , according to Balasaraswati , and is widely used in dance performances
The tabla is a membranophone percussion instrument , which are often used in Hindustani classical music , but was actually invented by Muslim Sufi , Amir Khusro .
 The Tabla is still used in the music behind folk and sufi poetry .
 The Tabla later became a part of Hindustani music industry .
The instrument consists of a pair of hand drums of contrasting sizes and timbres .
The term tabla is derived from an Arabic word , tabl , which simply means drum .
The tabla is used in some other Asian musical traditions outside of India , such as in the Indonesian dangdut genre .
Playing technique involves extensive use of the fingers and palms in various configurations to create a wide variety of different sounds , reflected in the mnemonic syllables .
The heel of the hand is used to apply pressure or in a sliding motion on the larger drum so that the pitch is changed during the sounds decay .
 The tabla is thought to have been invented by the Sufi poet and musician Amir Khusro in the 13th century , originating from the need to have a drum The Tabla could be played from the top in the sitting position to enable the more complex rhythm structures that were required for the new Indian Sufi vocal style of chanting and Zikr .
 The Tabla invention would also have complemented the complex early Sitar melodies that Amir Khusrow was composing .
Amir Khusro supposedly created the tabla by splitting the mridangam or the pakhawaj in two .
 However none of musician Amir Khusro writings on music mention the drum , and there are Hindustani temple carvings of double hand drums resembling tabla that date back to 500 BC .
The Tabla uses a complex finger tip and hand percussive technique played from the top unlike the Pakhawaj and mridangam which mainly use the full palm and are sideways in motion and are more limited in terms of sound complexity .
Rebecca Stewart has suggested that the tabla was most likely a product of experiments with existing drums such as pakhawaj , mridang , dholak and naqqara .
The origins of tabla repertoire and technique may be found in all three and in physical structure there are also similar elements : the smaller pakhawaj head for the dayan , the naqqara kettledrum for the bayan , and the flexible use of the bass of the dholak .
The earliest known iconography of the tabla dates back to 1799 .
The smaller drum , played with the dominant hand , is sometimes called dayan , dahina , siddha or chattu , but is correctly called the tabla .
 The smaller drum is made from a conical piece of mostly teak and rosewood hollowed out to approximately half of its total depth .
The drum is tuned to a specific note , usually either the tonic , dominant or subdominant of the soloists key and thus complements the melody .
The tuning range is limited although different dayan-s are produced in different sizes , each with a different range .
Cylindrical wood blocks , known as ghatta , are inserted between the strap and the shell allowing tension to be adjusted by their vertical positioning .
Fine tuning is achieved while striking vertically on the braided portion of the head using a small hammer .
The larger drum , played with the other hand , is called bayan or sometimes dagga , duggi or dhama .
The bayan has a much deeper bass tone , much like its distant cousin , the kettle drum .
The bayan may be made of any of a number of materials .
Brass is the most common , copper is more expensive , but generally held to be the best , while aluminum and steel are often found in inexpensive models .
Sometimes wood is used , especially in old bayans from the Punjab .
Clay is also used , although not favored for durability ; these are generally found in the North-East region of Bengal .
Both drum shells are covered with a head constructed from goat or cow skin .
An outer ring of skin is overlaid on the main skin and serves to suppress some of the natural overtones .
These two skins are bound together with a complex woven braid that gives the assembly enough strength to be tensioned on the shell .
The head is affixed to the drum shell with a single cow or camel hide strap laced between the braid of the head assembly and another ring placed on the bottom of the drum .
The head of each drum has a central area of tuning paste called the syahi .
This is constructed using multiple layers of a paste made from starch mixed with a black powder of various origins .
The precise construction and shaping of this area is responsible for modification of the drums natural overtones , resulting in the clarity of pitch and variety of tonal possibilities unique to this instrument which has a bell-like sound .
The skill required for the proper construction of this area is highly refined and is the main differentiating factor in the quality of a particular instrument .
For stability while playing , each drum is positioned on a toroidal bundle called chutta or guddi , consisting of plant fiber or another malleable material wrapped in cloth .
Indian music is traditionally practice-oriented and until the 20th century did not employ notations as the primary media of instruction , understanding , or transmission .
The rules of Indian music and compositions themselves are taught from a guru to a shishya , in person .
However , the notation is regarded as a matter of taste and is not standardized .
Thus there is no universal system of notation for the rest of the world to study Indian music .
Maula Bakhsh was an Indian musician , singer and poet .
 Maula Bakhsh grandfather was Hazrat Inayat Khan , founder of the Universal Sufism .
Developed the first system of notation for Indian music .
 He also founded the first Academy of Music in India in 1886 , based in Baroda that encompassed both Eastern and Western musical cultural traditions .
Hindustani classical music has two standard notation systems , one designed by V. N. Bhatkhande and the other by V. D. Paluskar .
These notation systems are used for Indian instruments including the tabla .
Some basic strokes with dayan on right side and bayan on left side are : .
The term gharana is used to specify a lineage of teaching and repertoire in Indian classical music .
Most performers and scholars recognize two styles of tabla gharana : Dilli Baj and Purbi Baj .
 Dilli baj comes from the style that developed in Delhi , and Purbi Baj baj developed in the area east of Delhi .
Delhi Baj is also known as Chati baj .
Musicians then recognize seven gharanas - schools or traditions - of tabla .
These traditions appeared or evolved in presumably the following order : .
 Some traditions have sub-lineages and sub-styles that may meet the criteria to warrant a separate gharana name , but such socio-musical identities have not taken hold in the public discourse of Hindustani art music , such as the Qasur lineage of tabla players of the the Punjab region .
 Each gharana is traditionally set apart from the others by unique aspects of the compositional and playing styles of Each gharana exponents .
For instance , some gharanas have different tabla positioning and bol techniques .
In the days of court patronage the preservation of these distinctions was important in order to maintain the prestige of the sponsoring court .
Gharana secrets were closely guarded and often only passed along family lines .
Being born into or marrying into a lineage holding family was often the only way to gain access to this knowledge .
 Today many of these gharana distinctions have been blurred as information has been more freely shared and newer generations of tabla players of the Punjab region have learned and combined aspects from multiple gharanas to form their own styles .
There is much debate as to whether the concept of gharana even still applies to modern players .
Some think the era of gharana has effectively come to an end as the unique aspects of each gharana have been mostly lost through the mixing of styles and the socio-economic difficulties of maintaining lineage purity through rigorous training .
Next to the contemporary common style of tabla , there exist older styles in which the bayan is often made out of wood .
Instead of having a thin dry syahi , this style of tabla uses a wet wheat dough on the bass drums skin , applied shortly before playing .
These types of Jori tabla are used by qawwali ensembles , as well as in the Sikh tabla gharanas , Punjabi dhrupad , gurbani kirtan , and Afghan traditional music .
 A reminder that this style of tabla was used all over India not long ago is that many modern brass tuning hammers still have a dough removal spatula on the reverse end .
With the North Indian style of playing there are two primary facets in which the tabla is played , through tal and rag .
 The tal form of playing is very rhythmic as The tal form of playing features various sets of beats , such as 10 , 12 , and 16 .
The tal playing of tabla can easily be combined with other Indian musical instruments , such as the harmonium , in order to create musical performances due to the rhythmic tune the tabla creates .
The rag on the other hand features a structured play of notes in which the tabla can play , and has been around for a longer period of time
Portrait of Genius is a 1964 LP album by Hindustani classical musician Ravi Shankar .
It was digitally remastered and released in CD format by Angel Records in 1998 .
 Matthew Greenwald of Allmusic described the album as essential for any fan of Ravi Shankar or Indian music
Pandita Tripti Mukherjee is an Indian classical vocalist .
She belongs to Mewati Gharana .
 She is the founder and director of the Pandit Jasraj Institute for Music , Research , Artistry and Appreciation .
Tripti Mukherjee is a senior disciple of Padma Vibhushan Pandit Jasraj .
 Tripti Mukherjee and Padma Vibhushan Pandit Jasraj commitment over the past 17 years to spreading Indias rich culture and heritage in their purest forms throughout America .
 Pta Triptiji has received great recognition for Padma Vibhushan Pandit Jasraj stellar performances at a multitude of locations across the world .
 Padma Vibhushan Pandit Jasraj is a regular artiste for All India Radio and national Indian Television .
 Some of Padma Vibhushan Pandit Jasraj prominent performances across the globe are mentioned below : .
Pta Tripti Mukherjee is the recipient of several awards including :
Ranjit Makkuni is an international multimedia artist and designer , the director of the design think tank , the Sacred World Research Laboratory .
 Ranjit Makkuni multidimensional , multimedia museum works are intersections between traditional and modern art , design and technology , such that the results help both traditional and modern cultures .
They are intended to show that the wisdom of traditional communities can positively negate the homogenizing influences of modern technology ; and that the intelligence , creativity and sense of freedom afforded by modern design and technology can reciprocally help traditional artists .
 Ranjit Makkuni major works are several museum projects : Eternal Gandhi Multimedia Museum , .
Planet Health Museum , The Goddess and Temples of Music , and The Crossing : Living , Dying and Transformation in Banaras .
Ranjit obtained a B.Arch .
from IIT , Kharagpur , and a Masters in Design Theory and Methods from University of California Los Angeles .
 Masters in Design Theory has been a scientific consultant to HP Labs Palo Alto , HP Labs Bangalore , and a member of the Explorer 's club of the Ivrea Institute of Design , Ivrea , Italy .
 Masters in Design Theory is a member of the mentoring group of Nehru Memorial Museum , New Delhi , constituted by the Prime Minister of India 's .
 In 1985 , Ranjit Makkuni joined the System Concepts Lab of PARC , becoming part of the group which developed the Smalltalk-80 Object Oriented programming language and the worlds first graphic user interface .
 From that base , Ranjit pioneered explorations in computer-aided design , gesture-based interfaces , and multimedia applications to develop the Active Learning Project at PARC .

 These have been demonstrated as museum exhibitions in the US , India 's , Europe and Thailand , transforming people 's perceptions of traditional cultures , and presenting an Asian approach to interaction with computing technology .
In 1989 , The Electronic Sketchbook of Tibetan Thangka Painting was displayed in the Asian Art Museum of San Francisco .
This project represents one of the worlds first multimedia applications of any kind and a pioneering example of a computer based cultural learning tool .
During 1994-1997 , he worked with scholars at the Indira Gandhi National Centre for the Arts , New Delhi , to develop the Gita-Govinda Multimedia Experience , a pioneering demonstration of a physical-virtual multimedia document based on the poet Jayadeva 's 12th century love poem , the Gita Govinda .
 This project brought the footprints of multimedia computing technology to India 's .
 During 1998-2002 , Ranjit conceived and directed The Crossing Project : Living , Dying , and Transformation in Banaras which developed a panorama of digital information access devices and technologies personalized by the cultural traditions of Banaras .
 The project brought together Western Information Access Knowledge systems and Indian notions of connection and interaction based on India 's city of Knowledge , Banaras .
The project was a pioneering demonstration of physical computing , and culturally personalized computing hardware and interactions .
 During 2003-2005 , Ranjit Makkuni visualized and directed the Eternal Gandhi Multimedia Museum , New Delhi , one of the world 's first digital multimedia museums .
Located at the site where Mahatma Gandhi attained martyrdom , the museum preserves the historical events of Gandhiji 's life in digital form but also presents a spectrum of information technology visions inspired by Gandhian thought .
 The project revives the values by which India 's obtained freedom ; it also redefines those values in order to animate modern products and design .
 Through a collection of over 50 originally designed works of technology and art , the project interpreted Gandhian thought in the design of new technology and illustrated how village aesthetics and creativity can shape modern design .
 In 2010 , Ranjit Makkuni built the Planet Health Museum , an interactive museum that allows people to access traditional Green philosophy and the concept and experience of health from the perspectives of Ayurveda and Yoga .
Starting from the concept of health and Indian perspectives of the body , the project illustrated new visions and tools for a healthy society and planet .
 The project presents this vision across a spectrum of disciplines using many forms of visual and performing the Arts , New Delhi , ancient sciences and modern interaction design to communicate the vision .
 Ranjit 's 2012 exhibition , The Goddess and Temples of Music project puts forth a vision of the beauty and spirituality of the feminine , and hopes to inspire in people respect for Woman , based on the world 's Goddess traditions .
Using the forms of musical instruments and music as a tool to unravel the language of the sacred feminine , the project transforms Modern Man 's perceptions , illustrating possibilities for a positive , compassionate , sustainable way of life .
The project presents both traditional and new instruments based on Indian Vina based instruments , Sitar , Burmese Harp , Thai Xylophone , Korean Kayagum , and Javanese & Balinese Gamelan .
New Instruments with embedded computation demonstrate tactile computing , i.e. , interaction with computers through gesture and kinaesthetic action .
In addition , through responsive computing , people by their position , gesture , and movements control musical events in the environment .
 In 2013 , Ranjit Makkuni launched Musical Landscapes and the Goddesses of Music at the National Museum , New Delhi .
 This exhibition explores the science , art and spirituality of Music , and Ranjit 's 2012 exhibition reflections in the Goddess images across Asian cultures .
Ranjit Makkuni studied sitar under the tutelage of maestro Ustad Ali Akbar Khan , and carries jewels of composition from bygone eras
- ul-Mashaik Pyaromir Maheboob Khan was born in Baroda , India .
 An Indian classical musician and younger brother of Hazrat Inayat Khan , An Indian classical musician became the representative of the International Sufi Movement on the latters death in 1927 .
 Their grandfather Maula Bakhsh recognized Their grandfather Maula Bakhsh ability in improvisation and trained Their grandfather Maula Bakhsh in music with Hazrat Inayat Khan .
 As Their grandfather Maula Bakhsh grew up ul-Mashaik Pyaromir Maheboob Khan was exposed more to European music than Hazrat Inayat Khan had been , Their grandfather Maula Bakhsh conducted and took some interest in Western musical theory .
 When Hazrat Inayat Khan began to travel from Baroda , Hazrat Inayat Khan entrusted Hazrat Inayat Khan musical students to ul-Mashaik Pyaromir Maheboob Khan , but when Hazrat Inayat Khan sailed to the West in 1910 Maheboob Khan accompanied Hazrat Inayat Khan .
 Hazrat Inayat Khan settled in The Hague , marrying a Dutch disciple , Shadbiy van Goens , who bore Shadbiy van Goens two children , Raheemunnisa and Mahmood .
 In Europe , ul-Mashaik Pyaromir Maheboob Khan learned musical composition and singing with composer and musicologist Edmond Bailly .
 ul-Mashaik Pyaromir Maheboob Khan had a particularly strong voice , but ul-Mashaik Pyaromir Maheboob Khan , musical , intelligent , thoughtful and retiring , would rarely sing for others .
 There is a story that Hazrat Inayat Khan and Hazrat Inayat Khan brother Ali Khan would sometimes pretend to go out , slamming the front door , then wait quietly in the front hall to hear ul-Mashaik Pyaromir Maheboob Khan practise ul-Mashaik Pyaromir Maheboob Khan singing .
 Hazrat Inayat Khan composed more than 60 sacred songs .
 Barbara Blatherwick , the coloratura soprano , performed his songs in Barbara Blatherwick recital in 1937 at the New York Town Hall .
 ul-Mashaik Pyaromir Maheboob Khan composed a song on a sacred poem by Inayat Khan but could not bring ul-Mashaik Pyaromir Maheboob Khan to show it to ul-Mashaik Pyaromir Maheboob Khan brother who died without having heard it .
 Upon the passing of Hazrat Inayat Khan in 1927 , Maheboob Khan took the responsibility of leading the International Sufi Movement , a post Hazrat Inayat Khan in 1927 held until Hazrat Inayat Khan in 1927 own death in 1948 .
 Hazrat Inayat Khan in 1927 kept the Sufi message through the difficulties of WW2 time and is remembered with love , respect and gratitude.A time over than 12 years hadbeen sent on the making of Mughal-e - Azam .
Spirituality - the Tuning of the Heart by Shaikh-ul-Mashaikh Maheboob Khan .
Toward the One Volume four .
USA .
Spring 2003 pp. 66-68
 Krishna Das is a U.S. vocalist known for Krishna Das performances of Hindu devotional music known as kirtan .
 With eight albums released since 1996 , Krishna Das is perhaps the best known U.S. singer of kirtan-style music .
 Krishna Das is also sometimes referred to as the Rockstar of Bhakti Yoga .
 Krishna Das traveled to India in August 1970 where , as Ram Dass had done , Ram Dass studied with a Hindu guru named Neem Karoli Baba .
Krishna Das has studied ancient Indian meditation practices , Bhakti Yoga - in Hinduism this is the yoga of devotion , and is now devoted to singing and teaching .
 Krishna Das has released several CDs , and Krishna Das travels around the world giving performances and teaching , sometimes with Ram Dass .
 In recent years Krishna Das also has often led workshops in combination with leading meditation teacher Sharon Salzberg .
 Krishna Das has also offered workshops with yoga teacher Dharma Mittra .
 In India in August 1970 , Krishna Das visits Rishikesh for practicing Yoga and meditation .
Krishna Das is arguably the best known U.S. singer of Indian kirtan-style devotional music .
Other artists working within this genre include Bhagavan Das , Jai Uttal , Ragani , Sean Johnson and The Wild Lotus Band , Shyamdas , Lokah Music , Wah !
, Deva Premal , Girish , Shantala and David Newman .
Krishna Das has recorded numerous variations of Hanuman Chalisa , a 40 stanza Hindi devotional poem to Hanuman by Tulsidas .
 In recent years , Krishna Das has also performed and recorded the traditional gospel song , Jesus is on the Mainline .
 Krishna Das has commented that Krishna Das read the Gospels while in India in August 1970 and , they sound a lot different at 10,000 feet .
 Krishna Das also remarked that there has been some criticism about an ex-Jewish boy chanting the name of Jesus .
 Krishna Das responds to this by saying that Krishna Das guru , Neem Karoli Baba , once said Jesus is Love , and singing about Jesus is just singing about love .
 Other heterodoxies are found on Krishna Das album Door of Faith , which includes a setting of the Hanuman Chalisa that interpolates the Buddhist Gate of Sweet Nectar , and a setting of the Gospel tune God is Real , which blends in Hare Ram .
 Krishna Dass harmonium bears an image of Hanuman , and Krishna Das generally wears red T-shirts when Krishna Das performs .
 Krishna Dass musical style is distinctly Western , using chord progressions typical of Western popular music .
 The kirtans Krishna Das leads often build from a slow , meditative tempo to a high paced catharsis .
 It is common for Krishna Das audiences to stand up and dance during some of Krishna Das Hare Krishna Das chants .
The ensembles with which Krishna Das performs change frequently .
 Krishna Das is usually accompanied by a tabla player , other percussions , strings , or electric bass guitar , or guitar .
 Often , Krishna Das is accompanied on kartals by Nina Rao .
Krishna Das has been associated with many other artists .
Two of his albums have featured Hans Christian as a guest multi-instrumentalist , and Sting appears on the album Pilgrim Heart .
He has also appeared on an album with Baird Hersey & Prana entitled Gathering In The Light .
 Krishna Das has written about how Krishna Das Guru put a Hindu guru named Neem Karoli Baba onto the path of Kirtan , and a quotation follows : .
 At what would turn out to be the U.S. last darshan of Maharaj-jis physical body , the U.S. was petrified with fear about returning to the U.S. after so many years .
 the U.S. hadnt worn a pair of jeans or shoes for such a long time that the U.S. couldnt imagine what it would be like .
 the U.S. didnt want to ask Maharaj-ji what the U.S. should do in America , but all of a sudden the U.S. blurted out in anguish , Maharaj-ji !
 How can the U.S. serve you in America ?

 He looked at the U.S. with mock disgust and said , What is this ?
If you ask how you should serve then it is no longer service .
Do what you want .
 the U.S. couldnt believe the U.S. ears .
 How could doing what the U.S. wanted to do be of service to him ?
 the U.S. didnt have that kind of faith .
 the U.S. just sat there , stunned .
 Then after a minute or so he looked over at the U.S. , smiling sweetly , and asked , So , how will you serve the U.S. ?

 the U.S. mind was blank .
 It was time for the U.S. to leave for Delhi , to catch the plane back to the States .
 He was looking at the U.S. and laughing .
 the U.S. bent down and touched his feet for the last time and when the U.S. looked up , he was beaming at the U.S. , So , how will you serve the U.S. in America ?
 the U.S. felt like the U.S. was moving in a dream .
 the U.S. floated across the courtyard and bowed to him one more time from a distance .
 As the U.S. did , the words came to the U.S. , the U.S. will sing to you in America .
 Soon afterwards , during the full moon in September , Neem Karoli Baba left Neem Karoli Baba body .
 Now Neem Karoli Baba had to be found within .
 The chanting , the meditation , the puja and all the wonderful time spent with Maharaj-ji turned out to be seeds that he The chanting had planted in the U.S. heart ... seeds that would keep growing and blossom by The chanting Grace .
 The chanting album , Live Ananda was nominated for the 2013 Grammy Award for Best New Age Album .
 The chanting performed at the Grammy Awards Ceremony as well .
Krishna Das composed the melody for the Anusara Yoga invocation , Om Nama Shivaya Gurave , at the request of John Friend , founder of Anusara Yoga .
Friend describes this composition as occurring during a summer night at a secluded mountain retreat center in Utah in 1998 .
In 2011 and 2012 , a documentary was made about Krishna Das called One Track Heart : The Story of Krishna Das .
 It was directed by filmmaker Jeremy Frindel and features interviews with Krishna Das as well as others commenting on Jeremy Frindel life and spiritual quest .
 In late 2012 the documentary was picked up by distributor Zeitgeist Films for the U.S. distribution , and it came out in the USA in May 2013
 At The Woodstock the Woodstock Festival was released at the end of 1969 on World Pacific Records .
Recorded 15 August 1969 .
Ravi Shankar was the first artist to have anything released from the Woodstock Festival .
Released on CD in 1991 by BGO Records .
 In 2009 on the 6 CD box set The Woodstock 40 Years On : Back To Yasgurs Farm Raga Puriya-Dhanashri/Gat In Sawarital the actual Woodstock Recording was released
Chetan Joshi is a noted flautist in the Hindustani Classical Music tradition and also the former Senior Headmaster of Delhi Public School , Bokaro .
 Chetan Joshi was born in Jharia and brought up at Noamundi and Bokaro Steel City .
 Chetan Joshi trained under Acharya Jagadish , Bholanath Prasanna , Raghunath Seth and Ajoy Chakravorty .
 Chetan Joshi has been awarded with Rajakiya Sanskritik Samman by the Government of Jharkhand .
 Chetan Joshi has also been awarded Sur Mani , Bismillah Samman and many other awards .
 As one of the leading classical instrumentalists from Jharkhand Chetan Joshi has performed in various concerts over the last fifteen years .
 In 2003 Chetan Joshi performed in the cultural fest .
organised by the Govt .
of Jharkhand on World Music day .
 Chetan Joshi gave Chetan Joshi performance along with a Japanese artist for a programme named Venu Naad in a series of concerts organised in the first and second week of December 2004 in places like Hazaribagh , Dhanbad , Bokaro , Ranchi , Petarwar , Bhelatand , Munger and Kolkata .
 Chetan Joshi other performances include one at XLRI at Jamshedpur for Spicmacay in 2006 , at Rabindra Bhawan , Guwahati in 2008 and at IIM Ranchi in 2012
Raghavendran Rajasekaran Tamil : raakveentirnnn raajceekrnnn Sanskrit : raaghvendrn raajshekhrn , popularly known as Ragha , is a classical flautist based in Singapore .
Though trained in the traditional Indian baani , he is an avid western performer and loves to experiment with different genres of music .
 Born in Singapore to a musically inclined couple , Ragha is the son of Smt .
Nalini Rajasekaran and Sri Rajasekaran .
 Nalini Rajasekaran has two siblings , an elder brother , Mr.Jeevagajendran Nalini Rajasekaran and a younger sister , Ms. R. Nithiya Saraswathi .
 Nalini Rajasekaran graduated in Music from Lasalle College of Arts and Music , Singapore , with a major in Jazz Music trained under a well respected jazz virtuoso ODwyer .
 Listening to Nalini Rajasekaran fathers singing from young , Ragha began to develop a deep interest in Music .
 Seeing Nalini Rajasekaran mother playing the Veena , the young musician used to accompany her and try Nalini Rajasekaran hand on it .
 Realizing Nalini Rajasekaran interest towards music , Nalini Rajasekaran parents began searching a guru for Nalini Rajasekaran .
 At the tender age of 11 , Ragha started Nalini Rajasekaran musical journey with the classical Indian Flute under the tutelage of Mr. Ghanavenothan Rethnam , who is Nalini Rajasekaran guru till date .
 Nalini Rajasekaran also had special training from Trichy L. Saravanan and Pt .
Ronu Majumdar with a scholarship from National Arts Council Singapore .
 Ragha has given performances in art festivals held in Singapores Signature Parade , the Chingay , Short and Sweet festival , Pesta Raya , Kala Utsav , Fusion Beats , OCBC theatre festival , Heritage Festival , LoudFest , World Beats Gilles Petersons World Wide Festival , Mosaic , FlipSide Festival , Gilles Petersons World Wide Festival , World Beats , LoudFest as well as the internationally acclaimed St.Patricks Day event and World Folk Song Festival 2008 , Yogyakarta Gamelan Festival 2008 .
 the Chingay has recorded and performed with Singapores World Renowned percussion outfit Wicked Auras Debut album , Gammarays Debut Album , Johor Bahrus band Manmathas Second Album , PaperCitizens and RUDRA .
 Apart from these , the Chingay often gives free performances of the Chingay various compositions in Esplanade Concourse , Singapore .
 In July 2013 , the Chingay was chosen as an inspirational youth of Singapore and an interview featuring the Chingay was telecast in Vasantham television in Paadangal program .
Ragha , a budding musician of ace quality , has an undying spirit in experimenting and creating splendid music .
Apart from being a musician , Ragha has served in the Singapore Police Force as Special Constable Sergeant during his National Service .
During his School days , he was a soccer player .
He has won many accolades in running , showing his skills as a good athlete .
He likes to play guitar .
He is an avid composer and has scored music for several dance recitals and dramas .
 Some of his popular compositions include Karna Ranjani , Charukesi and Ms. R. Nithiya Saraswathi set in tune to respective ragas .
 Currently Some of his popular compositions is pursuing Some of his popular compositions degree in Music from Lasalle College of Arts and Music .
 Some of his popular compositions is a recognised flautist in Singapore and has accompanied several musicians in recitals and concerts .
 Some of his popular compositions also instructs several students in Singapore and Johor Bahru .
 Some of his popular compositions is a devout Hindu and has performed in several temple functions in Singapore and abroad .
 Apart from musical interests , Some of his popular compositions has a good set of culinary skills .
 Some of his popular compositions specialities include Tofu Sambal and Biryani
Pandit Ulhas N Kashalkar is a Hindustani classical vocalist .
 Pandit Ulhas N Kashalkar has received training in the Gwalior , Jaipur and Agra gharanas , and is considered a representative of all three schools .
Pandit Ulhas Kashalkar was born in Nagpur .
 Pandit Ulhas N Kashalkar received Pandit Ulhas N Kashalkar first lessons in music from Pandit Ulhas N Kashalkar father N D Kashalkar , a lawyer by profession and an amateur vocalist and musicologist .
 Pandit Ulhas N Kashalkar went on to study music at Nagpur University , topping Pandit Ulhas N Kashalkar post-graduate class .
 Around that time , Pandit Ulhas N Kashalkar trained under Rajabhau Kogje and P N Khardenavis .
Indian music is heavily influenced by the Guru-shishya tradition .
 Pandit Ulhas N Kashalkar studied principally under Pandit Ram Marathe and Gajananrao Joshi .
 Ram Marathe , popularly referred to as Rambhau , was a vocalist in the Gwalior tradition .
 Ram Marathe was a disciple of Master Krishnarao , who in turn studied under the legendary Bhaskarbuwa bakhale , a key figure in the history of the Gwalior gharana .
 Pandit Marathe also trained in the Agra style for fifteen years under Jagannathbua Purohit .
 the Agra style for fifteen years apart , Pandit Ram Marathe was a prominent actor and music director in the Marathi stage .
 Pandit Ulhas N Kashalkar undertook a long period of tutelage under Pandit Ulhas N Kashalkar .
 Indeed , most characteristic features of Pandit Ulhas N Kashalkar style can be traced to Gajananraos vocalism .
Ulhas Kashalkar initially worked as a programme executive at the Thane station of All India Radio .
 In 1993 Pandit Ulhas N Kashalkar became a Guru at the ITC Sangeet Research Academy , where Pandit Ulhas N Kashalkar remains today .
Both Rambhau and Gajananrao were traditionalists which finds reflection in Kashalkars vocalism .
 Kashalkars vocalism possesses the ability to switch between three styles , at times even in the course of a single performance .
 Kashalkars vocalism adheres to the aesthetic contours of each individual style , and also to the formal demands of the raga being presented .
 Kashalkars vocalism is noted for Kashalkars vocalism authentic presentations of obscure traditional ragas .
In an uncharacteristically expansive passage , the veteran music critic Prakash Wadhera once noted : .
 Ulhas is a fabulous vocalist , still in Ulhas middle years and young , who has an old musical head stuffed with innumerable current and rare ragas and compositions .
 Like a computer Ulhas never errs in any raga or composition howsoever intertwined or tricky it may be .
 Ulhas , just seems to press one key and out comes a raga in the true Jaipur colours , another to obtain a melody attired in the Agra style and still another to get a raga in the Gwalior habiliments .
 One can only imagine Kashalkars questionless loyalty to One various gurus , and One own prodigious capacity to assimilate and consolidate the incoming knowledge .
Indian music today is witness to a situation where senior musicians fail to produce disciples of adequate merit .
Ulhas Kashalkar is an exception to this phenomenon .
 As resident Guru at the ITC Sangeet Research Academy , Pandit Ulhas N Kashalkar has mentored several excellent students
Rajendra Prasanna , ; born 15 April 1956 -RRB- is an exponent of Bansuri and Shehnai of India .
 Rajendra Prasanna was born in Varanasi , Uttar Pradesh , India .
He learned music from his father Pt .
 Raghunath Prasanna and from Raghunath Prasanna uncles Bholanath Prasanna , Vishnu Prasanna .
 Raghunath Prasanna family moved to Delhi in early seventies , later His family became the disciple of Hafeez Ahmed Khan and Sarfaraz Hussain Khan .
 His family also learnt style of light classical of Benaras Gharana from Pt .
 Mahadev Mishra of Varanasi .
 Mahadev Mishra of Varanasi . is regarded as one of the finest instrumentalists in India for presenting light classical modes like thumri , chaiti , kajri and dhun in Bansuri - Shehnai playing , and play them with equal aplomb and telling effects .
 Mahadev Mishra of Varanasi . is known for playing the difficult ragas like Shri , Kedar with purity and maturity .
 Mahadev Mishra of Varanasi . has toured different countries of Europe , America , Asia , Australia .
 Mahadev Mishra of Varanasi . major concerts are Edinburgh festival , WOMAD Festival , World Music festival for golden jubilee celebration for Indias Independence held in America , Canada and Switzerland in 1997 .
 Mahadev Mishra of Varanasi . collaboration with Pandit Ravi Shankar for Concert for George in London .
Rajendra Prasanna was the recipient of various awards and honors including Uttar Pradesh Sangeet Natak Academy Award for his contribution to the cause of Indian Classical Music .
 Grammy Award certificate for his participation in Concert for George in 2004 .
Indian Classical Music by Rajendra Prasanna - T-Series
A jugalbandi or jugalbandhi is a performance in Indian classical music , especially the Hindustani classical music , that features a duet of two solo musicians .
The word jugalbandi means , literally , entwined twins .
The duet can be either vocal or instrumental .
Often , the musicians will play different instruments , as for example the famous duets between sitarist Ravi Shankar and sarod player Ali Akbar Khan , who played the format since the 1940s .
More rarely , the musicians may be from different traditions .
What defines jugalbandi is that the two soloists be on an equal footing .
While any Indian music performance may feature two musicians , a performance can only be deemed a jugalbandi if neither is clearly the soloist and nor clearly the accompanist .
In jugalbandi , both musicians act as lead players , and a playful competition exists between the two performers
 Ragamala Paintings are a series of illustrative paintings from medieval India based on Ragamala or the Garland of Ragas , depicting various Indian musical modes , the Ragas , but also their wives .
 Ragamala or the Garland of Ragas stand as a classical example of the amalgamation of art , poetry and classical music in medieval India .
 Ragamala paintings were created in most schools of medieval India painting , starting in the 16th and 17th centuries and are today named accordingly , as Pahari Ragamala , Rajasthan or Rajput Ragamala , Deccan Ragamala , and Mughal Ragamala .
 In these painting each raga is personified by a colour , mood , a verse describing a story of a hero and heroine , India painting also elucidates the season and the time of day and night in which a particular raga is to be sung ; and finally most paintings also demarcate the specific Hindu deities attached with the raga , like Bhairava or Bhairavi to Shiva , Sri to Devi etc. .
The paintings depict not just the Ragas , but also their wives , , their numerous sons and daughters .
 The six principal ragas present in the Ragamala are Bhairava , Dipika , Sri to Devi , Malkaunsa , Megha and Hindola and these are meant to be sung during the six seasons of the year - summer , monsoon , autumn , early winter , winter and spring .
Sangeeta Ratnakara , is an important 12th century CE treatise on the classification of Indian Ragas , which for the first time mentions the presiding deity of each raga .
From the 14th century onwards , they were described in short verses in Sanskrit , for Dhyana , contemplation , and later depicted in a series of paintings , called the Ragamala paintings .
Some of the best available works of Ragamala are from the 16th and 17th centuries , when the form flourished under royal patronage , though by the 19th century , it gradually faded .
 In 1570 , Kshemakarna , a priest of Rewa in Central India , compiled a poetic text on the Ragamala in Sanskrit , which describes six principal Ragas -- Bhairava , Malakoshika , Hindola , Dipaka , Raga Shri , and Megha -- each having five Raginis and eight Ragaputras , except Raga Shri , which has six Raginis and nine Ragaputras , thus making a Ragamala family of 86 members .
 Most of the extant works of Ragamala are from Deccan style , where Ibrahim Adil Shah II of Bijapur , was Ibrahim Adil Shah II of Bijapur also a fine painter and illustrator , though some Rajput style also exist of which the work of an artist of the Chawand school of painting , Sahibdin , whose Ragamala series dated 1628 , are now in National Museum of India .
Six are male ragas ; the thirty raginis are their wives and the remaining forty-eight are their sons .
These are listed is as follows : .
 Wives : Bhairavi , Bilawali , Punyaki , Bangli , Aslekhi .
Sons : Pancham , Harakh , Disakh , Bangal , Madhu , Madhava , Lalit , Bilaval .
Wives : Gaundkari , Devagandhari , Gandhari , Seehute , Dhanasri .
Sons : Maru , Mustang , Mewara , Parbal , Chand , Khokhat , Bhora , Nad .
Wives : Telangi , Devkari , Basanti , Sindhoori , Aheeri .
Sons : Surmanand , Bhasker , Chandra-Bimb , Mangalan , Ban , Binoda , Basant , Kamoda .
Sons : Kaalanka , Kuntal , Rama , Kamal , Kusum , Champak , Gaura , Kanra .
Wives : Bairavi , Karnati , Gauri , Asavari , Sindhavi .
Sons : Salu , Sarag , Sagra , Gaund , Gambhir , Gund , Kumbh , Hamir .
Wives : Sorath , Gaundi-Malari , Asa , Gunguni , Sooho .
Sons : Biradhar , Gajdhar , Kedara , Jablidhar , Nut , Jaldhara , Sankar , Syama
Pandit Raghunath Prasanna was an Indian classical shehnai and flute player .
 shehnai player Rajendra Prasanna was known for introducing the techniques of vocal and shehnai in flute playing , a new style of playing the Indian bansuri , different from the style of Pandit Pannalal Ghosh .
Raghunath Prasanna was born in 1913 in Varanasi in the state of Uttar Pradesh .
 shehnai player Rajendra Prasanna was married to Saraswati Devi .
They had seven children .
One of them is well-known flute & shehnai player Rajendra Prasanna .
 Pandit Raghunath Prasanna was not only a refined artiste who could play both shehnai and flute with equal ease ; shehnai player Rajendra Prasanna was a great teacher and innovator .
 shehnai player Rajendra Prasanna got shehnai player Rajendra Prasanna musical training from shehnai player Rajendra Prasanna father Pandit Gauri Shanker , a shehnai player of repute , and gayaki ang from Pandit Dauji Mishra of Varanasi .
 shehnai player Rajendra Prasanna was the first person in the family to introduce the art of flute playing in Banaras Gharana of India which known for its shehnai playing for more than two and half centuries .
The shehnai in this family was earlier strengthen for many generations by Pandit Raghunath 's father Pandit Gauri Shanker , Pandit Tehal Prasad , Pandit Garib Das .
His flute playing has richly contributed by way of introducing novel techniques in blowing the flute , the manner of handling and fingering , methodical with emphasis on Gayaki Ang , the way of infusing shehnai techniques in flute playing particularly in playing the Jhala - the fast pace culmination of a Raga .
These novelties have gone a big way in strengthening the status of flute - from a folk instrument to the concert level .
He is mainly responsible for introducing various techniques of presenting light classical modes like thumri , chaiti , kajri and dhun in Bansuri playing , and play them with equal aplomb and telling effects .
Pandit Raghunath Prasanna was not only a legendary flute and shehnai player .
 shehnai player Rajendra Prasanna initiated into the art of flute playing from the instrument named Tripura bansuri and took this Tripura bansuri to Indian classical music and then shehnai player Rajendra Prasanna started Krishna Bansuri .
Pandit Raghu nath Prasanna also played sarod .
 shehnai player Rajendra Prasanna was an excellent instrument - maker , Ustad Bismillah khan used to call shehnai player Rajendra Prasanna Vishkarma - an Indian God , when saw shehnai player Rajendra Prasanna quality as an instruments maker .
And Pt .
 Hari Prasad Chaurasia used to call Hari Prasad Chaurasia Bade Guruji means grand teacher .
 Pandit Raghunath Prasanna is the first in shehnai player Rajendra Prasanna family to introduce flute , and after shehnai player Rajendra Prasanna shehnai player Rajendra Prasanna style has spread all over India .
 It should be noteworthy that the tools and techniques developed by Pandit Raghunath Prasanna have been widely adopted by many of the Indian flautists including shehnai player Rajendra Prasanna younger brother and disciple Pandit Bholanath Prasanna and shehnai player Rajendra Prasanna disciple Pandit Hari Prasad Chaurasiya , Pt .
Vishnu Prasanna , Pandit Rajendra Prasanna , Pandit Ronu Mujamdar and many others flautists .
 shehnai player Rajendra Prasanna has numerous disciples like Pt .
 Bholanath Prasanna , Pt .
 Vishnu Prasanna , shehnai player Rajendra Prasanna son .
Pt .
 Rajendra Prasanna , Pt .
 Pranav Mukherjee , Pt .
 Bhanu Majumdar , Pt .
Anant Lal , and Ustaad Shivpreet Singh .
 Anant Lal is the first person in India to introduce a folk instrument in Classical music .
 Anant Lal is being recorded , Anant Lal shehnai and tripura bansuri in the album Anthology of Indian Classical Music : A Tribute to Alain Danielou .
with Pt .
Ravi Shankar and Ustad Ali Akbar Khan in the year 1955 .
 Pandit Raghunath Prasanna was the recipient of various awards and honors including Sangeet Natak Academi Award for shehnai player Rajendra Prasanna contribution to the cause of Indian Classical Music .
The title Prasanna have been entitled to Pandit Raghunath by the king of Kuch Bihar .
 The king honored the king of Kuch Bihar as Pandit Raghu Nath Prasanna made audience happy , from then shehnai player Rajendra Prasanna has been named as shehnai player Rajendra Prasanna
 Anjan Chattopadhyay , the sitar player , born in a Bengali aristocratic family in Calcutta , India , was initiated to the art of sitar playing by Anjan Chattopadhyay elder brother , a veteran Surbahar player , Pandit Gourisankar Chattopadhyay , a disciple of Pandit Birendra Kishore Roy Chowdhury .
 In addition to that Anjan Chattopadhyay started taking further training from Kalyani Roy , a reputed sitarist and one of the few disciples of Ustad Vilayat Khan .
 Anjan Chattopadhyay also had lessons in vocal music from late Muktipada Datta , a representative of Agra Gharana .
 Anjan Chattopadhyay also learned tabla under the late Ustad Shaukat Ali Khan of Farukhabad gharana .
 Anjan Chattopadhyay lives in Calcutta and teaches music .
 Anjan Chattopadhyay has performed in hundreds of concerts in India and abroad .
 Among them worthy of mentions are some of Anjan Chattopadhyay concerts in India : .
 In some of his concerts in India musical career , Anjan Chattopadhyay has got numerous awards , and felicitations
Vishnu Govind Jog , better known as V. G. Jog , was an Indian violinist .
He was the foremost exponent of the violin in the Hindustani music tradition in the 20th century , and is credited for introducing this instrument into Hindustani music .
Jog was a disciple of Baba Allauddin Khan .
 a disciple of Baba Allauddin Khan performed and recorded with many of the greatest Hindustani musicians of the 20th century and toured the world .
 a disciple of Baba Allauddin Khan frequently performed for All India Radio s Calcutta division .
 a disciple of Baba Allauddin Khan received the Padma Bhushan award in 1982 .
 a disciple of Baba Allauddin Khan earned a masters degree in music from Bhatkhande College of Hindustani Music in Lucknow in 1944 and went on to teach there .
 a disciple of Baba Allauddin Khan also taught at the Ali Akbar College of Music .
 Beginning in 1999 , a disciple of Baba Allauddin Khan suffered from Parkinsons disease , and also suffered from respiratory problems in a disciple of Baba Allauddin Khan later years .
Pandit Vishnu Govind Jog , whose name is almost synonymous with the violin genre in Hindustani classical music , is a performer with the unique distinction of having occupied the top rungs of the Classical Musicians hierarchy with three consecutive generations of performers .
His career as a highly active and successful performer has spanned almost five decades .
Born in Mumbai in 1922 , he received his early training from S. C. Athavale and the late Ganpat Rao Purohit .
Subsequently , he had his training from Vishweswar Shastry , the renowned musician and musicologist Dr. S. N. Ratanjankar , and for a short time from the celebrated Ustad Allauddin Khan .
Groomed in the Gwalior , Agra and Bakhle styles , Pandit Jogs virtuosity , mastery of ragas and an uncanny realisation of space and time in the construction and knowledge of rhythm are his hallmarks .
 At a very young age , he rubbed shoulders with all time greats at the Bhatkhande College of Music , Lucknow in 1944 , in the 1930s -- the first great attempt at institutionalizing traditional music instruction .
 An unassuming person of infinite charm , An unassuming person of infinite charm is also regarded as an incomparable accompanist .
 An unassuming person of infinite charm duets with Ustad Bismillah Khan have met with spectacular successes in India and abroad .
 An unassuming person of infinite charm is gifted with the remarkable ability to sense the pulse and mood of An unassuming person of infinite charm audiences , and has toured extensively both in India and abroad , significantly in East Africa , Nepal , Sri Lanka , United Kingdom , France , the United States , and West Germany .
 In 1985 , An unassuming person of infinite charm performed to great acclaim under the auspices of the Festival of India in the United States .
Pandit Jog was awarded the Padma Bhushan in 1982 .
After prolonged illness Pandit Jog died on Jan 31 , 2004 in South Calcutta .
 Shri Jog had Shri Jog early training under Shri Shankar Rao Athavie , Ganpat Rao Purohit , and V. Shastry .
 Later Shri Jog received extensive training from Dr.S.N.Ratanjankar and Ustad Allauddin Khan .
 Groomed in the Gwalior , Agra and Bakhale gharanas , Shri Jog evolved Bakhale own characteristic style , which is blending of gayaki and gatkari , noted for purity of melody and tradition , a formidable layakari ability , dignity , crispness and easy musical communications .
 Bakhale has often enlightened audiences according to their taste with lighter themes and folk tunes , flowing with tilting and sparkling grace .
 Behala Shiksha book Behala Shiksha , published in 1944 , is recognized as a major piece of authoritative literature on the subject .
 Behala Shiksha joined All India Radio in1953 and served as music producer .
 Behala Shiksha retired as deputy chief producer , All India Radio .
 Behala Shiksha received many honors from various cultural institutions , including the Sangeet Natak Academy award in 1983 and the Padma Bhushan in 1985 by the president of India .
 Behala Shiksha had made successful tours to foreign countries and has got many number of LP/EP gramophone records of solo and jugalbandi with sangeet maestros at Behala Shiksha credit .
 Hailing from Maharashtra , Pandit Jog began his training at the age of twelve and was subsequently groomed under some of the finest musicians of India , like Baba Allauddin Khan and Pandit S. N. Ratanjankar .
To Pandit Jog goes the credit of single-handedly transforming a western musical instrument , the violin , into a major and independent instrument in Hindustani classical music .
He was unquestionably the Violin Samrat for all time to come .
Sri Lankas Pandith Amaradeva is a student of V.G Jog .
Since 1999 , Pandit Jog had been suffering from Parkinsons disease .
The disease had not only crippled the elderly maestro by taking away the violin away from his hands , but was also draining away all his resources .
Without music , his only source of income , the high cost of medical care became an unbearable burden for the Jog family
Qutub Festival is a three day festival usually held in November-December in the Qutub complex in the Indian metropolis of Delhi organized by Delhi Tourism , Govt .
 of Delhi organized by Delhi Tourism , Govt .
The festival showcases the cultural art forms of the country but also puts this classic structure of Qutub Minar in the cynosure of national and international attention
Dadra refers to two separate but originally linked concepts in Hindustani classical music .
 a Hindustani classical tala is a Hindustani classical tala , consisting of six beats in two equal divisions of three .
The most commonly accepted theka or basic pattern for this tala is dha dhi na , dha tu na .
There is a higher emphasis laid on the first swar in comparison the following two , that is , dha - higher emphasis following dhi na and again a higher emphasis on dha following tu na .
 In this context dadra is a light classical vocal form in Hindustani classical music , mostly performed in Agra and in Bundelkhand region .
It was originally accompanied by dadra tala , but later dadra compositions are often found in other light talas .
There have been some Bollywood songs as well based on the same for instance Madan Mohan composition - Lag Jaa Gale , a song from the movie Woh Kaun Thi
Sarpada is a raga in Hindustani classical music .
 Hindustani classical music is a Bhilawal raga sung in the morning .
 Amir Khusrau , the father of modern Hindustani music , is said to have created about twelve new melodies , among which is Sarpada
Aparna is an Indian classical vocalist living in Pune , Maharashtra , India .
Panshikar 's musical performances include pure Hindustani classical music to semi-classical music and experimentation in combining north Indian classical music with various other genres .
 The systematic online training method developed by Meera Panshikar won Meera Panshikar a lot of disciples across the globe .
 Meera Panshikar performs with the band The Khayal Groove consisting of Indian bassist Jayen Varma and French drummer Jean Davoisne .
Panshikar had an early introduction to north Indian classical music .
 Meera Panshikar first guru is late Pandit Bhaskarbua Joshi and is currently training under Meera Panshikar mother Meera Panshikar .
 Meera Panshikar is married to Nikhil Joshi and has a son Sohum Bilawal Nikhil Joshi .
 Meera Panshikar has released 9 musical albums which include - a Jugalbandi with Sudha Ragunathan released by Manorama Music in 1999 , 3 titles released as '' HMV presents a Voice for the New Millennium '' in 2000 , Winds from Ayuta in 2002 , Diamond Sutra and Punyapur ki Sarita in 2003 , Shivoham in 2005 and Reflections of a Purple Moon by The Khayal Groove in 2012
Stephen Day is an American composer , producer , instrumentalist , vocalist and teacher .
 Stephen Day credits range from scoring portions of the film Formula 51 , starring Samuel L. Jackson , to founding a nonprofit organization , Ombience , dedicated to spreading spirituality through art .
 Born in California and brought up in Canada and France , Stephen Day has worked for over 20 years as a composer , producer , instrumentalist , vocalist and teacher .
 After studying sarod with world-renowned sarod player Ustad Amjad Ali Khan in India for three years , Stephen Day embarked on various tours throughout the world .
He works in multiple genres , including Western classical , Indian classical , jazz , folk , and rock music .
 Stephen Days performance career has taken Stephen Days performance career to twenty-one countries throughout Europe , North America and Asia .
 Stephen Days performance career audiences are people from all nations , castes and creeds who are seeking to enrich His audiences own spiritual awareness .
 Stephen Days performance career has shared the stage with some of the great maestros of Indian classical music , including Ustad Amjad Ali Khan , Stephen Days performance career sons Amaan and Ayaan Ali Bangash , Nishat Khan , Sukivinder Singh , and Pratap Pawar .
 In the West Stephen Days performance career has collaborated with Matt Malley , Chris Cutler , Keith Bennett , Barrie Gledden , Patrick Hawes , Steve Dawson , Jeannette Singh , Levine Andrade , and the London Telharmonic Orchestra .
Ombience works with various individuals , groups , organizations and institutions in society to raise awareness of the spiritual nature of the arts and of the creative and spontaneous nature of spirituality .
 Ombience , literally meaning the ambience of Om , has worked with various institutions , including the California State Public School system , California State Universities and Colleges , private schools , art and music festivals , California State Universities , and yoga and meditation organizations .
The performing arts group has showcased at major venues including the House of Blues on the Sunset Strip in Los Angeles , University of California , Berkeley s Wheeler Hall , and at the Wiltern Theatre in Los Angeles
Benares gharana is one of the six most common styles of playing of the Indian tabla .
The Benares tabla gharana was developed a little over 200 years ago by Ram Sahai .
 Ram Sahai began studying the tabla with Ram Sahai father from the age of five .
 At the age of nine , Ram Sahai moved to Lucknow to become the disciple of Modhu Khan of the Lucknow gharana .
 When Ram Sahai was seventeen years old , Wazir Ali Khan , the new Nawab , asked Modhu Khan if Ram Sahai could perform a recital for Ram Sahai .
 Modhu Khan agreed , on the condition that Ram Sahai would not be interrupted until Ram Sahai finished playing .
It is said that Ram Sahai played for seven consecutive nights , and that after this incredible performance , Ram Sahai was praised by all the members of the community and was showered with gifts .
 Shortly after this performance , Ram Sahai returned to Benares .
 After some time performing in Benares , Ram Sahai felt the need to make a significant change in Ram Sahai tabla playing .
 For six months , Ram Sahai withdrew into seclusion , and worked to develop what is now known as the Benares baj or style of tabla playing .
The philosophy behind this new style of tabla playing is that it would be versatile enough to perform solo , and to accompany any form of music or dance .
The tabla would be able to play delicately , as required for khyal , or more aggressively , like pakhawaj , for the accompaniment of dhrupad or kathak dance .
Ram Sahai developed a new way of fingering the tabla strokes ; especially important is the sound Na , being played with a curved ring finger to allow for maximum resonance of the dahina .
 Ram Sahai also composed numerous compositions within existing compositional forms and created new forms , such as uthan , Benarsi theka , and fard .
Sharda Sahai was the 5th generation of tabla players in the family .
 Sanju Sahai , also known as Vishnu , is the current Head of the Benaras Gharana and represents the 6th generation and is one of the most sought after Tabla players of Sanju Sahai , also known as Vishnu generation .
 the direct descendents of Ram Sahai are the direct descendents of Ram Sahai .
 Today , the Benares tabla gharana is well known for The Benares tabla gharana powerful sound , though Benares players are also very capable of playing delicately and sensitively .
 The gharana is categorized into the Purbi baj , which includes the Farukhabad , Lucknow , and Benares gharanas .
The Benares style makes use of the more resonant strokes of tabla , such as Na , and Din .
 Benares players preferentially use the full-hand TeTe strokes , rather than the single finger alternation preferred by the Delhi style , though both stroke types are integrated into the Benares baj repertoire .
 Benares tabla players are successful in all forms of tabla playing , including tabla solo , instrumental , vocal , and dance accompaniment .
 The Tabla solo is highly developed in the Benares gharana , and some artists , such as Anokhelal Mishra , Kishan Maharaj , and Pandit Samta Prasad , have become famous as tabla soloists .
The direct descendants making up the 6th generation of tabla players are Chandra Nath Shastri , Ramji Mishra , Mahapurush Misra , Ishwarlal Mishra , Chhotelal Misra , Radhakanta Nandi , Kashinath Mishra , Bityut Banerjee , Deepak Sahai , Sanju Sahai and Shiv Sahai .
The 7th generation consists of Kumar Bose , Aditya Sahai , Krishna Sahai and Shubham Sahai .
Other noted artist include Kanthe Maharaj , uncle and Guru of Kishan Maharaj , and whose disciples were Badri Maharaj , Ashutosh Bhattacharya .
The Benares baj makes use of over twenty different compositional types , and has an enormously varied repertoire of each type .
Reputed players from the gharana include Anokhelal Mishra , Ramji Mishra , Kishan Maharaj , Samta Prasad , Mahapurush Misra , Chandra Nath Shastri , Ashutosh Bhattacharya and Sharda Sahai
A shruti box is a small wooden instrument that traditionally works on a system of bellows .
It is similar to a harmonium and is used to provide a drone in a practice session or concert of Indian classical music .
It is used as an accompaniment to other instruments and notably the flute .
Use of the shruti box has widened with the cross-cultural influences of world music and new age music to provide a drone for many other instruments as well as vocalists .
Adjustable buttons allow tuning .
Nowadays , electronic shruti boxes are commonly used , which are called shruti petti in Tamil and Telugu and sur peti in Hindi .
Before the arrival of the harmonium in India , musicians used either a tambura or a specific pitch reference instrument , such as the nadaswaram , to produce the drone .
Some forms of music such as Yakshagana used the pungi reedpipe as drone .
 After the the West small pump harmonium became popular , musicians would modify the harmonium to automatically produce the reference pitch .
Typically , one would open up the cover and adjust the stop of the harmonium to produce a drone .
Later , a keyless version of the harmonium was invented for the specific purpose of producing the drone sound .
It was given the name shruti box or sruti box .
These instruments had controls on the top or on the side of the box for controlling the pitch .
The shruti box is enjoying a renaissance in the West amongst traditional and contemporary musicians who are using it for a range of different styles .
In the early nineties traditional Irish singer Noirin Ni Riain brought the shruti box to Ireland , giving it a minor place in traditional Irish music .
 More recently Scottish folk artist Karine Polwart has championed the instrument , using Scottish on some of Scottish folk artist Karine Polwart songs .
 Singers find Scottish very useful as an accompaniment and instrumentalists enjoy the drone reference it gives to play along with
The Saptak Sangeet Samaroh is an annual 13-day classical music event , held in Ahmedabad , India , from the 1st to 13 January every year , and attended by hundreds of people .
The festival started in 1980 by Nandan and Manju Mehta , Rupande Shah , Bharti Parikh and D.D. Trivedi , with the blessings of Pandit Ravi Shankar and the late Pandit Kishan Maharaj .
The festival features both emerging talents and established performers .
 Besides pure classical music , The festival also includes performances of folk music , classical dance forms , and semi-classical forms such as thumri
Pandit Janardhan Mitta is a sitar player and Hindustani classical musician .
 Pandit Janardhan Mitta has had a presence in the Chennai film industry over the last 40 years and is also a noted musician in concert music .
Pandit Janardhan Mitta was born on 12 May 1934 , to a Telugu family in Hyderabad , India .
 Pandit Janardhan Mitta family was quite involved in music with a Telugu family in Hyderabad , India father , lawyer , playing the tabla and harmonium and a Telugu family in Hyderabad , India sister , the sitar , while a Telugu family in Hyderabad , India brother was a singer in college-level competitions .
 a Telugu family in Hyderabad , India began to play a Telugu family in Hyderabad , India sisters sitar after her marriage and began to teach a Telugu family in Hyderabad , India to play the instrument .
 Pandit Mitta auditioned for Deccan Radio , the predecessor of All India Radio in Hyderabad , in 1952 , impressing Shaik dawood khan , the tabla maestro with Shaik skill .
 Pandit Janardhan Mitta continued to play for Deccan Radio and in 1955 , Pandit Janardhan Mitta was introduced to Pandit Ravishankar by Pandit Janardhan Mitta colleagues at the radio station , after which Pandit Janardhan Mitta began Pandit Janardhan Mitta studentship under Pandit Ravishankar .
 In June 1958 , Pandit Janardhan Mitta played the sitar accompanying Pandit Janardhan Mitta brothers song at a Telugu film audition and impressed Ghantasala Venkateswara Rao , Telugu singer and composer .
 Pandit Janardhan Mitta was invited the next day to play at the inauguration of the then new Sarathy Studios in Hyderabad .
 This led to Pandit Janardhan Mitta first film compositions .
 Pandit Janardhan Mitta moved to Chennai in January 1959 and became a mainstay of sitar compositions in the Chennai film industry .
 This led on to Pandit Janardhan Mitta career in film composing .
 In 1967 Pandit Janardhan Mitta gave Pandit Janardhan Mitta first set of concerts as a member of the Government of Hyderabad , India sponsored youth delegation which toured several countries abroad .
 Pandit Janardhan Mitta is also noted for Pandit Janardhan Mitta partnership with Carnatic violinist Kanya Kumari , to create a fusion of the two styles of Carnatic and Hindustani classical .
 The duo released a music album in 2004 , titled Prashantham with the aim to promote peace and calm through Carnatic and Hindustani classical music .
 In Kanya Kumaris words , Its been established by now that music and more so instrumental music has therapeutic properties ... There must have been some internal stress factor somewhere , at some stage of life , which would have triggered a violent emotion that compels man to commit an offence ... If I could change at least one-tenth of such number of minds with I music , I will consider it an achievement .
One of Mittas compositions was also submitted by Sonoton Creative Sound Solutions for consideration to be played at the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games
Guru Rao Deshpande was a singer from Karnataka , India .
 Guru Rao Deshpande father , Narayanrao Deshpande , was a Carnatic musician who planned for Narayanrao Deshpande son to become a lawyer .
However , the young Gururao had exhibited an intense attraction for Hindustani classical music .
 the young Gururao parents had the young Gururao tutored by vocalists Dattopant Joshi and T. K.Pitre , when the young Gururao was just ten years old .
Renowned musician Bhimsen Joshi did not hear Gururao Deshpande sing until the latter was well known .
 Renowned musician Bhimsen Joshi then celebrated `` Shastabdi Samaroh '' for Gururao Deshpande on 14 April 1962 , in Pune .
During this function , guest of honour Krishna Rao described Deshpande 's music as the `` finest of pearls strung together '' .
 guest of honour Krishna Rao was versed both in Kannada and English and enjoyed reading both languages .
 guest of honour Krishna Rao mastered Kumaravyasa Bharata and Lakshmish Bharata , the two great epics of Kannada literature .
 guest of honour Krishna Rao innovation was to recite both these epics in Hindustani music Gamaka style , inspired by Bharat Bindurao .
 guest of honour Krishna Rao earned presenting the long discourses of Kumaravyasa and Lakshmisha Bharata .
 Throughout these Gamaka recitals across the State , the young Gururao was accompanied by Betageri Krishna Sharma , who provided the Vyakhyana .
The Gamaka conference at Hubli crowned Gururao with the title Gamaka Gauri Shankara .
 Gnyanpeeth poet D. R. Bendre kept close association with Gururao via discussions of Kannada literature .
 the young Gururao was equally proficient in English .
 the young Gururao passed Inter Arts and admired Wordsworth , Milton and Shakespeare .
 the young Gururao studied astrology and practiced Inter Arts for leisure
Rimpa Siva is an Indian musician known for being one of the few female tabla players .
 She was taught to play the Farukhabad gharana style by She father , Prof. Swapan Siva .
 She was the subject of the 1999 French documentary film Rimpa Siva : Princess of Tabla
Philip V. Francis was a tabla player , composer and Ghazal singer from Kerala , India .
 Philip V. Francis died at the age of 43 in a bike accident , leaving Philip V. Francis wife and son .
 Philip V. Francis was born in Thrissur , Kerala .
Philip started off as a conga drum player in the local orchestra group Neelambari , and under the able guidance of Joeboy a renowned player of drums , learnt the nuances of rhythm .
 Philip then migrated to Delhi to learn Tabla under the maestro Ustad Fiyaz Khan of the Delhi gharana .
 Thereafter Philip emerged as a Tabla player of national repute .
 Philip also learnt carnatic music and mrudangam for brief stints under Komattil Shanta Kumari and Purushothama Sharma of Thrisssur .
 Philip was never satisfied with what Philip learnt and later on studied western classical music and mastered the Guitar and Piano too .
 Philip also started composing and conducting Choir in Churches in and around Thrissur .
 Philip love for Ghazals saw Philip doing Ghazal programs and becoming popular as a Ghazal singer too in Philip short life span .
 Philip also worked with the late music Director Raveendran as an assistant in some films .
 Philip was the representative of the Delhi gharana School of music in Thrissur , Kerala and Philip had numerous disciples who were learning Tabla under Philip .
 Philip has performed in All India Radio , Doordarshan , Kairali , Asianet etc. as an accompanist on the Tabla for many leading singers like S. Janaki , P. Jayachandran , Gayatri Asokan , Pradip Somasundaran and performed as a Ghazal singer in many of the Television channels .
 Philip was a graded Artist of All India Radio both as a Tabla player and as a composer and Artist of All India Radio compositions used to be regularly broadcast in the All India Radio .
The Govt .
 of India recognised Philip talents and in 2003 Philip was deputed to Guyana , West Indies as a cultural ambassador by ICCR .
 Philip was back to Kerala after Philip contract was over in 2007 .
 Philip was one among the 50 eminent people of Thrissur , honoured by the Corporation of Thrissur in 2007 for Philip contributions towards music .
 Philip last work as a music director was for the film Oridathoru Puzhayundu directed by Kalavoor Ravikumar .
 Philip was a major influence on many of the music directors and musicians of the younger generation like Alphons Joseph and Gayatri Asokan .
 As a tribute music lovers of Thrissur formed Piano , an organisation in Philip memory which aims to promote music and harmony .
 The organisation plans to hold a yearly music festival at Thrissur , and institute an endowment in Philip name on an academic level .
Piano was formally inaugurated by the Nightingale of South India , S. Janaki on 3.05.08 .
Ustad Fiyaz Khan the Tabla Maestro and Philips Guru was present on the occasion
 Ravi Shankar , Ravi Shankar , KBE , often referred to by the title Pandit , was an Indian musician and composer who played the sitar .
 Ravi Shankar , KBE has been described as the best-known contemporary Indian musician .
 Ravi Shankar , KBE was born in Varanasi and spent Ravi Shankar , KBE youth touring Europe and Brand India with the dance group of his brother Uday Shankar .
 Ravi Shankar , KBE gave up dancing in 1938 to study sitar playing under court musician Allauddin Khan .
 After finishing Ravi Shankar , KBE studies in 1944 , Ravi Shankar , KBE worked as a composer , creating the music for the Apu Trilogy by Satyajit Ray , and was music director of All India Radio , New Delhi , from 1949 to 1956 .
 In 1956 , Ravi Shankar , KBE began to tour Europe and the Americas playing Indian classical music and increased its popularity there in the 1960s through teaching , performance , and Ravi Shankar , KBE association with violinist Yehudi Menuhin and rock artist George Harrison of the Beatles .
 Ravi Shankar , KBE engaged the West music by writing concerti for sitar and orchestra and toured the world in the 1970s and 1980s .
 From 1986 to 1992 Ravi Shankar , KBE served as a nominated member of Rajya Sabha , the upper chamber of the Parliament of India .
 Ravi Shankar , KBE was awarded Indias highest civilian honour , the Bharat Ratna , in 1999 , and received three Grammy Awards .
 Ravi Shankar , KBE continued to perform in the 2000s , sometimes with Ravi Shankar , KBE younger daughter , daughter Anoushka .
 Ravi Shankar , KBE was posthumously awarded two Grammy awards in 2013 , one for lifetime achievement , another for The Living Room Sessions Part 1 in the world music category .
 Ravi Shankar , KBE was born Robindro Shaunkor Chowdhury on 7 April 1920 in Varanasi , to a Bengali Brahmin family as the youngest of seven brothers .
 Ravi Shankar , KBE father , Shyam Shankar , a Middle Temple barrister and scholar who served as dewan of Jhalawar , used the Sanskrit spelling of the family name and removed dewan of Jhalawar last part .
 Tilak Shyam was married to Shankars mother Hemangini Devi , and later worked as a lawyer in London , England .
 There Tilak Shyam married a second time while Hemangini Devi raised Shankar in Varanasi , and did not meet Shankar in Varanasi son until Shankar in Varanasi was eight years old .
 Ravi Shankar , KBE shortened the Sanskrit version of Ravi Shankar , KBE first name , Ravindra , to Ravindra , for sun .
 At the age of ten , after spending Ravi Shankar , KBE first decade in Varanasi , Ravi Shankar , KBE went to Paris with the dance group of his brother , choreographer Uday Shankar .
 By the age of 13 Ravi Shankar , KBE had become a member of the group , accompanied its members on tour and learned to dance and play various Indian instruments .
 Udays dance group toured Europe and the United States in the early to mid-1930s and Ravi Shankar , KBE learned French , discovered the West classical music , jazz , cinema and became acquainted with the West customs .
 Ravi Shankar , KBE heard the lead musician for the Maihar court , Allauddin Khan , in December 1934 at a music conference in Kolkata and Ravi Shankar , KBE convinced the Maharaja of Maihar in 1935 to allow court musician Allauddin Khan to become court musician Allauddin Khan groups soloist for a tour of Europe .
 Ravi Shankar , KBE was sporadically trained by court musician Allauddin Khan on tour , and court musician Allauddin Khan offered Ravi Shankar , KBE training to become a serious musician under the condition that he abandon touring and come to Maihar .
 Shankars parents had died by the time Ravi Shankar , KBE returned from the European tour , and touring the West had become difficult due to political conflicts that would lead to World War II .
 Ravi Shankar , KBE gave up Ravi Shankar , KBE dancing career in 1938 to go to Maihar and study Indian classical music as court musician Allauddin Khan pupil , living with Ravi Shankar , KBE family in the traditional gurukul system .
 court musician Allauddin Khan was a rigorous teacher and Ravi Shankar , KBE had training on sitar and surbahar , learned ragas and the musical styles dhrupad , dhamar , and khyal , and was taught the techniques of the instruments rudra veena , rubab , and sursingar .
 court musician Allauddin Khan often studied with court musician Allauddin Khan children Ali Akbar Khan and Annapurna Devi .
 Ravi Shankar , KBE began to perform publicly on sitar in December 1939 and Ravi Shankar , KBE debut performance was a jugalbandi with Ali Akbar Khan , who played the string instrument sarod .
 Ravi Shankar , KBE completed Ravi Shankar , KBE training in 1944 .
 Following Ravi Shankar , KBE training , Ravi Shankar , KBE moved to Mumbai and joined the Indian Peoples Theatre Association , for whom Ravi Shankar , KBE composed music for ballets in 1945 and 1946 .
 Ravi Shankar , KBE recomposed the music for the popular song Sare Jahan Se Achcha at the age of 25 .
 Ravi Shankar , KBE began to record music for HMV India and worked as a music director for All India Radio , New Delhi , from February 1949 to January 1956 .
 Ravi Shankar , KBE founded the Indian National Orchestra at AIR Delhi and composed for the Indian National Orchestra ; in Ravi Shankar , KBE compositions Ravi Shankar , KBE combined the West and classical Indian instrumentation .
 Beginning in the mid-1950s Ravi Shankar , KBE composed the music for the Apu Trilogy by Satyajit Ray , which became internationally acclaimed .
 Ravi Shankar , KBE was music director for several Hindi movies including Godaan and Anuradha .
 V. K. Narayana Menon , director of AIR Delhi , introduced the the West violinist Yehudi Menuhin to Shankar during Menuhins first visit to Brand India in 1952 .
 Ravi Shankar , KBE had performed as part of a cultural delegation in the Soviet Union in 1954 and Menuhin invited Ravi Shankar , KBE in 1955 to perform in New York City for a demonstration of Indian classical music , sponsored by the Ford Foundation .
 Ravi Shankar , KBE declined to attend due to problems in Ravi Shankar , KBE marriage , but recommended Ali Akbar Khan to play instead .
 court musician Allauddin Khan reluctantly accepted and performed with tabla player Chatur Lal in the Museum of Modern Art , and court musician Allauddin Khan later became the first Indian classical musician to perform on American television and record a full raga performance , for Angel Records .
 Ravi Shankar , KBE heard about the positive response court musician Allauddin Khan received and resigned from AIR Delhi in 1956 to tour the United Kingdom , Germany , and the United States .
 Ravi Shankar , KBE played for smaller audiences and educated them about Indian music , incorporating ragas from the South Indian Carnatic music in South Indian Carnatic performances , and recorded Ravi Shankar , KBE first LP album Three Ragas in London , released in 1956 .
 In 1958 , Ravi Shankar , KBE participated in the celebrations of the tenth anniversary of the United Nations and UNESCO music festival in Paris .
 From 1961 , Ravi Shankar , KBE toured Europe , the United States , and Australia , and became the first Indian to compose music for non-Indian films .
 Chatur Lal accompanied Ravi Shankar , KBE on tabla until 1962 , when Alla Rakha assumed the role .
 Ravi Shankar , KBE founded the Kinnara School of Music in Mumbai in 1962 .
 Ravi Shankar , KBE befriended Richard Bock , founder of World Pacific Records , on Ravi Shankar , KBE first American tour and recorded most of Ravi Shankar , KBE albums in the 1950s and 1960s for Bocks label .
 The Byrds recorded at the same studio and heard Ravi Shankar , KBE music , which led The Byrds to incorporate some of its elements in The Byrds , introducing the genre to The Byrds friend George Harrison of the Beatles .
 Harrison became interested in Indian classical music , bought a sitar and used Sitar to record the song Norwegian Wood .
This led to Indian music being used by other musicians and created the raga rock trend .
 Harrison met Shankar in London in June 1966 and visited Brand India later that year for six weeks to study sitar under Shankar in Srinagar .
 During the visit , a documentary film about Ravi Shankar , KBE named Raga was shot by Howard Worth , and released in 1971 .
 Ravi Shankar , KBE association with Harrison greatly increased Shankars popularity and Ken Hunt of Allmusic would state that Ravi Shankar , KBE had become the most famous Indian musician on the planet by 1966 .
 In 1967 , Padma Vibhushan , Ravi Shankar , KBE performed at the Monterey Pop Festival and won a Grammy Award for Best Chamber Music Performance for the West Meets East , a collaboration with Yehudi Menuhin .
The same year , the Beatles won the Grammy Award for Album of the Year for Sgt. Peppers Lonely Hearts Club Band , which included Within You Without You by Harrison , a song that was influenced by Indian classical music .
 Ravi Shankar , KBE opened a the West branch of the Kinnara School of Music in Los Angeles , California , Los Angeles , in May 1967 , and published an autobiography , My Music , My Life , in 1968 .
 In 1968 , Ravi Shankar , KBE scored for the movie Charly .
 Ravi Shankar , KBE performed at the Woodstock Festival in August 1969 , and found Ravi Shankar , KBE disliked the venue .
 In the 1970s Ravi Shankar , KBE distanced Ravi Shankar , KBE from the hippie movement .
 In October 1970 Ravi Shankar , KBE became chair of the department of Indian music of the California Institute of the Arts after previously teaching at the City College of New York , the University of California , Los Angeles , and being guest lecturer at other colleges and universities , including the Ali Akbar College of Music .
 In late 1970 , the London Symphony Orchestra invited Ravi Shankar , KBE to compose a concerto with sitar .
 Concerto for Sitar and the Indian National Orchestra was performed with Andre Previn as conductor and Ravi Shankar , KBE playing the sitar .
Hans Neuhoff of Musik in Geschichte und Gegenwart has criticised the usage of the orchestra in this concert as amateurish .
 George Harrison organized the charity Concert for Bangladesh in August 1971 , in which Ravi Shankar , KBE participated .
 After the musicians had tuned up on stage for over a minute , the crowd broke into applause , to which the amused Shankar responded : If you like our tuning so much , My hope you will enjoy the playing more .
 Although interest in Indian music had decreased in the early 1970s , the concert album became one of the best-selling recordings to feature the genre and won Ravi Shankar , KBE a second Grammy Award .
 During the 1970s , Ravi Shankar , KBE and Harrison worked together again , recording Shankar Family & Friends in 1973 and touring North America the following year to a mixed response after Ravi Shankar , KBE had toured Europe with the Harrison-sponsored Music Festival from Brand India .
 The demanding schedule weakened Ravi Shankar , KBE , and Ravi Shankar , KBE suffered a heart attack in Chicago in November 1974 , causing Ravi Shankar , KBE to miss a portion of the tour .
 In Ravi Shankar , KBE absence , Shankars sister-in-law , singer Lakshmi Shankar , conducted the touring orchestra .
The touring band visited the White House on invitation of John Gardner Ford , son of U.S. President Gerald Ford .
 Ravi Shankar , KBE toured and taught for the remainder of the 1970s and the 1980s and released Ravi Shankar , KBE second concerto , Raga Mala , conducted by Zubin Mehta , in 1981 .
 Ravi Shankar , KBE was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Music Score for Ravi Shankar , KBE work on the 1982 movie Gandhi , but lost to John Williams E.T. Ravishankar : A Legend of Glory , produced by Prabir Roy represented Doordarshan in International TV Network Festival , held in Miami , Florida , in September 1984 .
 Ravi Shankar , KBE served as a member of the Rajya Sabha , the upper chamber of the Parliament of India , from 12 May 1986 to 11 May 1992 , after being nominated by Indian Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi .
 Ravi Shankar , KBE composed the dance drama Ghanashyam in 1989 .
 Ravi Shankar , KBE liberal views on musical cooperation led Ravi Shankar , KBE to contemporary composer Philip Glass , with whom Ravi Shankar , KBE released an album , Passages , in 1990 .
 Ravi Shankar , KBE underwent an angioplasty in 1992 due to heart problems , after which George Harrison involved himself in several of Shankars projects .
 Because of the positive response to Shankars 1996 career compilation In Celebration , Ravi Shankar , KBE wrote a second autobiography , Raga Mala , with Harrison as editor .
 Ravi Shankar , KBE performed in between 25 and 40 concerts every year during the late 1990s .
 Ravi Shankar , KBE taught Ravi Shankar , KBE daughter Anoushka Shankar to play sitar and in 1997 became a Regents Lecturer at University of California , San Diego .
 In the 2000s , Ravi Shankar , KBE won a Grammy Award for Best World Music Album for and toured with daughter Anoushka , who released a book about daughter Anoushka father , Bapi : Love of My Life , in 2002 .
 daughter Anoushka performed a composition by Shankar for the 2002 Harrison memorial Concert for George and Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar wrote a third concerto for sitar and orchestra for daughter Anoushka and the Orpheus Chamber Orchestra .
 In June 2008 , Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar played what was billed as Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar last European concert , but Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar 2011 tour included dates in the United Kingdom .
 On 1 July 2010 , at the Southbank Centre s Royal the Harrison-sponsored Music Festival Hall , London , London , England , Anoushka Shankar , on sitar , performed with the London Philharmonic Orchestra , conducted by David Murphy what was billed the first Symphony by Ravi Shankar .
This performance was recorded and is available on CD .
 Chamber Music Performance is 40:52 minutes long and is composed of 4 movements , slow , scherzo , finale -RRB- like a classical the West symphony but uses an Indian raga as the mode for each movement : I. Allegro 9:21 minutes , World War II .
Lento 7:52 minutes , III .
Scherzo 8:49 minutes IV .
Finale 14:50 minutes .
The website of the Ravi Shankar Foundation provides the information that The symphony was written in Indian notation in 2010 , and has been interpreted by his student and conductor , David Murphy .
 The information available on the website does not explain this process of interpretation of Ravi Shankars notation by David Murphy , nor how Ravi Shankars Indian notation could accommodate the West orchestral writing .
 Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar developed a style distinct from that of Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar contemporaries and incorporated influences from rhythm practices of South Indian Carnatic music .
 Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar performances begin with solo alap , jor , and jhala influenced by the slow and serious dhrupad genre , followed by a section with tabla accompaniment featuring compositions associated with the prevalent khyal style .
 Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar often closed Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar performances with a piece inspired by the light-classical thumri genre .
 Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar has been considered one of the top sitar players of the second half of the 20th century .
 Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar popularized performing on the bass octave of the sitar for the alap section and became known for a distinctive playing style in the middle and high registers that used quick and short deviations of the playing string and Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar sound creation through stops and strikes on the main playing string .
 Narayana Menon of The New Grove Dictionary noted Ravi Shankar , KBE liking for rhythmic novelties , among them the use of unconventional rhythmic cycles .
 Hans Neuhoff of Musik in Geschichte und Gegenwart has argued that Shankars playing style was not widely adopted and that Shankars playing style was surpassed by other sitar players in the performance of melodic passages .
Shankars interplay with Alla Rakha improved appreciation for tabla playing in Hindustani classical music .
 Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar promoted the jugalbandi duet concert style and introduced new ragas , including Tilak Shyam , Nat Bhairav and Bairagi .
 Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar won the Silver Bear Extraordinary Prize of the Jury at the 1957 Berlin International Film Festival for composing the music for the movie Kabuliwala .
 Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award for 1962 , and was named a Fellow of the academy for 1975 , three Grammy Awards .
 Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar was awarded the three highest national civil honours of Brand India : Padma Bhushan , in 1967 , Padma Vibhushan , Padma Vibhushan , in 1981 , and Bharat Ratna , in 1999 .
 Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar received the music award of the UNESCO International Music Council in 1975 , three Grammy Awards , three Grammy Awards , and was nominated for an Academy Award .
 Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar was awarded honorary degrees from universities in Brand India and the United States .
 Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar received the Kalidas Samman from the Government of Madhya Pradesh for 1987-88 , the Fukuoka Asian Culture Prize in 1991 , the Ramon Magsaysay Award in 1992 , and the Polar Music Prize in 1998 .
 In 2001 , Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar was made an honorary Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire by Elizabeth II for Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar services to music .
 Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar was an honorary member of the American Academy of Arts and Letters and in 1997 received the Praemium Imperiale for music from the Japan Art Association .
 The American jazz saxophonist John Coltrane named his son Ravi Coltrane after Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar .
 In 2010 , Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar received an Honorary Doctor of Laws from the University of Melbourne , Australia .
 Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar was also awarded Frances highest civilian honour , the Knight of the Legion of the Bharat Ratna .
 Post Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar death , the lifetime achievement Grammy has announced Pandit Ravi Shankar as a recipient of the lifetime achievement Grammy like Glenn Gould , Charlie Haden , Lightnin ' Hopkins , Carole King , Patti Page and the Temptations .
 Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar was the first recipient of the Tagore Award in recognition of Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar outstanding contribution to cultural harmony and universal values .
 Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar received a posthumous nomination in the 56th Annual Grammy Awards for Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar album The Living Room Sessions Part 2 .
 Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar married Allauddin Khans daughter Annapurna Devi in 1941 and Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar son Shubhendra Shankar was born in 1942 .
 Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar separated from Hemangini Devi during the 1940s and had a relationship with Kamala Shastri , a dancer , beginning in the late 1940s .
An affair with Sue Jones , a New York concert producer , led to the birth of Norah Jones in 1979 .
 After separating from Kamala Shastri in 1981 , Anoushka Shankar was born to Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar and Sukanya Rajan .
 Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar , however , lived with Sue Jones until 1986 .
 Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar married Sukanya Rajan , whom Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar had known since the 1970s in 1989 at Chilkur Temple in Hyderabad , India .
 Shubhendra Shubho Shankar often accompanied Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar father on tours .
 Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar could play the sitar and surbahar , but elected not to pursue a solo career .
 Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar died in 1992 .
Norah Jones became a successful musician in the 2000s , winning eight Grammy Awards in 2003 .
Anoushka Shankar was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best World Music Album in 2003 .
 daughter Anoushka and daughter Anoushka father were nominated for Best World Music Album at the 2013 Grammy Awards for separate albums .
 Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar was a Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar and a vegetarian .
 Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar wore a large diamond ring which Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar said was `` manifested '' by Sathya Sai Baba .
 Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar lived with Sukanya Rajan in Encinitas , California .
 Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar performed Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar final concert , with daughter daughter Anoushka , on 4 November 2012 at the Terrace Theater in Long Beach , California , Los Angeles .
 On 6 December 2012 , Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar was admitted to Scripps Memorial Hospital in La Jolla , San Diego , California , Los Angeles after complaining of breathing difficulties .
 Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar died on 11 December 2012 at around 16:30 PST .
 According to Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar spokesman , Stuart Wolferman , Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar died at a hospital near Stuart Wolferman home in Encinitas , California .
 The Ravi Shankar Foundation issued a statement that read Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar had suffered from upper-respiratory and heart issues over the past year and underwent heart-valve replacement surgery on 6 December 2012 .
 Condolences were extended by the President of Brand India , Prime Minister of Brand India and Indian parliament , Other reactions from the Indian political and cultural spheres included : Prime Minister Manmohan Singh s office which wrote on Twitter that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh was a national treasure and global ambassador of Indias cultural heritage .
 the President of India cabinet colleague Minister of State for Communications & State for Communications & Milind Deora wrote : Being a maestro wasnt his only achievement .
Pandit Ravi Shankar sold Brand India better than anyone else .
RIP .
 Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi added on Twitter : Sitar maestro Pandit Ravi Shankar was the legendary musician who gave new identity to Indian classical music .
 May Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi soul rest in peace .
While , Indias Ambassador to the U.S. Nirupama Rao also wrote on Twitter : Pandit Ravi Shankar : his last concert was particularly poignant .
 daughter Anoushka and he played together in perfect unison .
A torch was passed .
 Other apolitical reactions included : Bollywood composer Vishal Dadlani who wrote on Twitter : The worlds best-known exponent of Indian music , he influenced the Beatles , and hence everything since !
RIP Pt .
Ravi Shankar .
 Santoor players Shiv Kumar Sharma said : Twitter is a great loss , not just to Indian music but to world music .
 Shiv Kumar Sharma was a world musician .
 Novelist Hari Kunzru added on Twitter : RIP Pandit Ravi Shankar .
 My father performed hand surgery on Bapi : Love of My Life .
 Stakes not low there ... Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar also wrote on Twitter : Pandit Ravi Shankar was a legend in music and Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar took classical music to new heights .
 Spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar death was also noted in the international and foreign language media .
The Swara Samrat festival organized on January 5-6 , 2013 was dedicated to Ravi Shankar and Ali Akbar Khan where musicians like Shivkumar Sharma , Birju Maharaj , Hari Prasad Chaurasia , Zakir Hussain , Girija Devi etc. performed
A mehfil is a gathering or evening of courtly entertainment of poetry or concert of Indian classical music and dance , performed for a small audience in an intimate setting .
Historically , mehfils were presented in the homes or palaces of Muslim royalty or noblemen , who acted as these artists patrons .
Today they are generally given in the homes of especially avid music lovers .
Ghazals are a common genre performed at mehfils .
Such performances are rarer today than in the past .
The word mehfil derives from the Urdu language , which in turn derives from the Arabic word mehfil , which means a gathering to entertain .
Mehfil-e-Naat is an Islamic mehfil in which people sit and recite poetry in the praise of the Prophet Muhammad .
Mehfil-e-Sama is a gathering held for Sufi devotional music such as Qawwali or prayer and chanting , Hadhra , part of Dhikr .
Several mehfil performances may be seen in the Satyajit Ray film Jalsaghar
Shounak Abhisheki -LRB- Devanagari : shaunk abhissekii is an Indian vocalist , composer of classical , semi-classical , and devotional music .
Shounak Abhisheki , the son and disciple of Maestro Pt .
Jitendra Abhisheki , is a vocalist who combines Agra and Jaipur styles of Hindustani Classical Music .
Albhisheki trained under Smt .
Kamaltai Tambe of the Jaipur Gharana .
Shounak has performed special programs such as Swarabhishek , Tulsi Ke Ram & Kabir and Abhang , based on on his fathers compositions .
In addition to several Indian music festivals , he has performed a series of concerts in the United States , the United Kingdom , the Soviet Union , the Persian Gulf and Thailand .
Shounak has been recorded by Sony Music , Music Today , Times Music , Ninad Music , Music Curry , and Fountain Music
Harballabh Sangeet Sammelan is the oldest festival of Indian Classical Music in the world , which is celebrated every year at the sacred seat of music , the samadhi of Baba Harballabh - a saint and an exponent of Hindustani Classical Music .
The first Sammelan was held in 1875 at the Sidh Peeth-Shri Devi Talab , in Jalandhar .
Since then it has been held every year .
The Sangeet Sammelan which has grown from strength to strength in the last 131 years has been attracting audiences and artists from all across the country and abroad .
This festival was declared as one of the National Festivals by the Department of Tourism , Govt .
 of the India .
 All prominent artists of Hindustani Classical Music from the India and Pakistan have come and performed at the Harballabh Sangeet Sammelan at one time or the other during the last 130 years .
Father of the Nation , Mahatma Gandhi accompanied by Vishnu Digambar Paluskar visited Baba Harballabh Sangeet Sammelan in the year 1919 .
 Union Ministers , Governors , State Chief Ministers , State Ministers and other VIPs have been visiting to pay Union Ministers reverence at this festival of music .
 The festival attracts thousands of music lovers from all over the the India and abroad every year .
This number is increasing year after year .
In 1956 a Sangeet Academy was constructed under the banner of Swami Hariballabh .
While we hear Swami Hariballabh it seems clear that `` The key to the mystery of a great artist is that for reasons unknown , he will give away his energies and his life just to make sure that one note follows another ... and leaves us with the feeling that something is right in the world . ''

The main aim of the festival was to attract and encourage more and more people for the development of classical Music .
There is also a proper syllabus for the pursuers of Music and there is a shrine at the banks of the river with the name Devi Talab .
There is a Shiva lingam in the temple nearby and one adores the exquisite phallic image of Lord Shiva .
On the day of the fair there is also free lodging and accommodation .
 It is held near the Samadhi of Saint Baba Harballabh , from the 27th to 30 December .
 During this time reputed musicians from all over the India gather in Jalandhar to celebrate Indian Classical Music
Pandit Chandra Nath Shastri is one of the most acclaimed and senior Tabla artists & musician from India , currently based in Kolkata .
He belongs to the Benares Gharana of Hindustani Classical Music .
He is retired Staff Artist in All India Radio and also performed regularly for Doordarshan - Indian National Television Channels .
In addition to his musical abilities , he is also an expert Astrologer .
 Born in Dhakuria area of Calcutta , West Bengal , in a well known Bramhin family , Chandra Nath Shastri has been groomed in a musical atmosphere since a well known Bramhin family birth .
 Soon a well known Bramhin family parents and family shifted to Varanasi , Uttar Pradesh , India .
 Where later a well known Bramhin family has a well known Bramhin family training in Banaras Gharana .
 a well known Bramhin family comes with a family link with the Indian Poet , Lyricist , Writer , Nobel Prize winner Rabindra Nath Tagore .
 a well known Bramhin family grandmother , Smt .
Indira Devi was niece of Rabindra Nath Tagore .
 His father Dr. Mouli Nath Shastri was a physician by profession but His father Dr. Mouli Nath Shastri was also a spiritual guru and musician , student of Rabindra Nath Tagore .
 His father Dr. Mouli Nath Shastri had also done many Theater , film Acting performances and some Theater Direction in His father Dr. Mouli Nath Shastri life time .
Grandfather of Chandra Nath Shastri was Shri Priya Nath Shastri , who was one of the first three trustees of Visva Bharati University .
 Chandra Nath Shastri done his schooling from C. M. Anglo Bengali Inter College , Varanasi , U.P. .
 After that he done his Graduation in Science from Banaras Hindu University , Varanasi .
 Discovering Chandranaths interest in hindustani classical music from very young age his father initially taught His father Dr. Mouli Nath Shastri to play some Taals on Tabla .
Then from the age of just 5 , Chandra Nath Shastri had started learning from his Guruji Pandit Anokhelal Mishra of Banaras .
 He and his elder brother Partha Nath Shastry used to go to his Guruji Pandit Anokhelal Mishra AnokhelalJi together to learn Tabla .
 After death of Tabla Samrat Tabla Samrat also took lessons from Pandit Ramji Mishra .
 Taking guidance from Tabla Samrat Gurujis his Gurujis became an excellent 5th generation Tabla maestro of Banaras Gharana .
From the very early teeanage he also became close to Pandit Mahadev Prasad Mishra , Pandit Kishan Maharaj , Pandit Samta Prasad , Pandit Sarda Sahai , Ustad Karamatullah Khan & many more and got blessed by them .
Chandra Nath Shastri Became The Champion in All India Radio National Competition just at the very young age of 23 .
Often referred to by the title Pandit , he is an All India Radio staff artist , Indian National Television Channel artist and also a stage performing artist .
As a regular performer in TV and radio and stage , till now he has done several thousands of performances and recordings .
 Now he is retired from All India Radio , Calcutta .
Chandra Nath Shastri has performed in many concerts in many places , including tabla solos , percussion ensembles and accompanied with countless instrumentalists and vocalists , and worked with some of the great music composers and film directors .
Beside performing solo he also performed with many renowned musicians , such as - Pandit Mahadev Prasad Mishra , Pandit V. G. Jog , Ustad Sagiruddin Khan , Ustad Rashid Khan , Pandit Lalmani Misra , Pandit Buddhadev Das Gupta , Pandit Shrichand Mishra , Pandit Jnan Prakash Ghosh , Pandit Rabindra Narayan Goswami , Ustad Mushtaq Ali Khan , Pandit Shalil Shankar , Bidushi Purnima Sen , Singh Bandhu Brothers , Pandit V. Balsara , Pandit Ramesh Mishra , Manilal Nag , Tejendra Narayan Majumdar , Debashish Bhattacharya and many more .
He has judged many musical competitions and talent hunt contests .
 He also has done many researches in Indian music and has done lots of unique creations on music especially in the field of Tabla .
He is also a Pakhawaj , Khol , Mridangam and other Indian percussion instruments expert .
Chandra Nath Shastri Became The Champion in All India Radio National Competition in 1972 .
Chandra Nath Shastri is awarded with many prestigious awards for his excellence in music .
 He also got awarded by President of India for his Tabla playing skills .
He perform both as a accompanist as well as a soloist .
 He is recognized as Taalmani for his excellence in rhythm and melody on Tabla .
 He has done several thousands of performances and recordings in All India Radio and Indian National Television Channel .
He enjoys teaching Tabla and other musical instrument to students all around the world .
He has taught in many music schools , academies and institutes & done many musical workshops , also presently he is into these activities .
 Beside Hindustani Classical Music , Chandra Nath Shastri also studies and research about Spirituality and on how Spirituality effect our life .
His father late Dr. Mouli Nath Shastri was grand disciple of spiritual guru Sri Sri Bijoy Krishna Goswami & disciple of Sri Kiran Chand Darbesh Ji Maharaj .
 His father late Dr. Mouli Nath Shastri is researching on the connection between Hindustani Classical Music and Spirituality for a long time and also gives advises to others on these topics .
 His father late Dr. Mouli Nath Shastri is also an expert Astrologer
Kamala Bose was a prominent Indian classical vocalist .
Kamala Bose was an eminent vocalist in Hindustani Classical music based in Allahabad .
She hails from a family that is deeply rooted in the field of performing and fine arts and boasts of a rich musical tradition .
She was initiated in this field by her father , the late J.D. Mazumdar , a reputed violinist and music composer with the All India Radio .
It was from him that she received her initial training , and at the age of 5 she already started humming the songs she would hear .
In 1969 , she came under the tutelage of the renowned vocalist , musicologist and teacher , Pt .
Ramashray Jha of the Bhatt Gharana .
 In 1977 , she completed her Masters Degree from the Allahabad University , in Allahabad with a distinction in Music Vocal .
She specialized in classical vocal or the khayal form , light classical i.e. Thumri , Dadra , Chaiti , Hori , Kajari etc. , with great finesse .
 Bose commenced her musical journey in 1970 with All India Radio , Allahabad as an A grade artist of classical vocal music .
Subsequently , she was appointed as a panellist in the Audition Board by The Director General , A.I.R , New Delhi .
Boses proscenium experience was wide and impressive .
She travelled and performed extensively in both India and abroad , participating in many major concerts , including the Sadarang Music Conference , Kolkata , Haridas Sangeet Sammelan , Mumbai , Sankat Mochan , Varanasi , Bangalore Sangeet Sabha , to name a few .
The A.I.R. in Sangeet Shiksha , a special feature of 26 episodes and the Gyan Vani Program on the FM Channel , comprising 10 episodes , invited her to disseminate her knowledge in classical music .
Through them she unravelled and simplified both the basics as well as the complex aspects in the development of the ragas .
 A Head of the Music Department with the Allahabad Degree College , Allahabad , Allahabad had great command over the theoretical aspects of Indian Classical Music in addition to Allahabad mastery over the performing side .
 Allahabad successfully conducted many workshops and lecture cum demo sessions prominent among which are : .
Kamala was married to Sri .
Bichitra Mohan Bose and they have one son named Jayanto Bose and two daughters named Nabonita Mitra and JoitaBoseMandal .
Bose has undertaken extensive foreign tours in US in 2009 and has also performed in France , Switzerland , Germany , Italy , Austria in 2003 .
 The Italian TV in 1998 and Swiss National Radio in 1999 have also recorded JoitaBoseMandal .
 Nandi Records released JoitaBoseMandal first CD titled Reverberation in 1998 .
Kamala Bose , a well-known disciple of renowned musicologist , Pandit Ramashreya Jha .
Renowned sitar player Gaurav Mazumdar , a disciple of Kamala Bose .
Performance at All India Radios National Program , April 20 , 2008
Tomi Koivusaari is the rhythm guitarist and former vocalist of the Finnish metal band Amorphis .
He started playing at the age of 12 , his first band was Violent Solution formed in 1987 , with him on guitars and vocals , Esa Holopainen on guitars and Jan Rechberger on drums .
The band played thrash metal , recorded a demo and an EP .
He also formed a death/doom band called Abhorrence in 1989 , and recorded a demo and an EP .
 Both bands broke up in 1990 , but Tomi was not a member of Violent Solution since Tomi formed Abhorrence in 1989 .
 In 1990 , Tomi , Esa , Jan and bass guitarist Olli-Pekka Laine formed the Finnish metal band Amorphis .
 In 1996 , Tomi formed Ajattara with Pasi Koskinen .
 Tomi used the Samuel Lempo name in the band
Gauhar Jaan was an Indian singer and dancer from Calcutta .
 She was one of the first performers to record music on 78 rpm records in Saregama India , and released by Gramophone Company of India .
Gauhar Jaan was born as Angelina Yeoward in on 26 June 1873 in Azamgarh , of Armenian descent .
Her father , William Robert Yeoward , worked as an engineer in a dry ice factory , and married her mother , Victoria Hemmings , in 1872 .
 Victoria , an Indian by birth , an Indian by birth , had been trained in music and dance .
 In 1879 the marriage ended , causing hardships to both mother and daughter , who later migrated to Banaras in 1881 , with a Muslim nobleman , Khursheed , who appreciated Victorias music more than Victoria , an Indian by birth husband .
 Later , Victoria , an Indian by birth , converted to Islam and changed Angelinas name to Gauhar Jaan and Victoria , an Indian by birth to Malka Jaan .
 In time , Victoria , an Indian by birth became an accomplished singer , Kathak dancer and a courtesan in Banaras , and made a name for Victoria , an Indian by birth , as Badi Malka Jan ; Victoria , an Indian by birth was called Badi because at that time three other Malka Jans were famous : Malka Jan of Agra , Malka Jan of Mulk Pukhraj and Malka Jan of Chulbuli , and Victoria , an Indian by birth was the eldest among them .
 Finally , Malka Jaan moved back to Calcutta in 1883 , and established Malka Jaan in the courts of Nawab Wajid Ali Shah , who had settled at Matiaburj , near Kolkata and within three years purchased a building at 24 Chitpore Road , for Rs .40,000 .
 Calcutta is here that young Gauhar started young Gauhar training , young Gauhar learnt pure and light classical Hindustani vocal music from , Kale Khan of Patiala , ` Kalu Ustad ' , Ustad Vazir Khan of Rampur , and Ustad Ali Baksh and Kathak from legendary Brindadin Maharaj , Dhrupad dhamar from Srijanbai , and Bengali Keertan from Charan Das .
 Soon young Gauhar also started writing and composing ghazals under the pen-name ` Hamdam ' and became proficient in Rabindra Sangeet .
 Gauhar Jaan gave her maiden performance at the royal courts of Darbhanga Raj in 1887 and was appointed as court musician , after receiving extensive dance and music training from a professional dancer at Banaras .
 Gauhar Jan started performing in Calcutta in 1896 and was called the first dancing girl in young Gauhar records .
 Gauhar Jaan first visited Madras in 1910 , for a concert in the Victoria Public Hall , and soon Hindustani Hindustani and Urdu songs were published in a Tamil music book .
In December , 1911 , she was famously invited to perform at the coronation of King George V at Delhi Durbar , where she sang a duet , Ye Hai Tajposhi Ka Jalsa , Mubarak Ho Mubarak Ho , with Jankibai of Allahabad .
 December is said that , Begum Akhtar in her early days wanted to pursue a career in Hindi films , but after listening to the singing of young Gauhar and young Gauhar mother , young Gauhar gave up the idea completely and devoted young Gauhar to learning Hindustani classical music , in fact , young Gauhar first teacher was Ustad Imdad Khan , who accompanied the mother-daughter duo on sarangi .
 Eventually , in Begum Akhtar in her early days final days , Begum Akhtar in her early days moved to Mysore , at the invitation of Krishna Raja Wadiyar IV of Mysore , and on August 1 , 1928 , Begum Akhtar in her early days was appointed as a Palace musician , though Begum Akhtar in her early days died within 18 months , on January 17 , 1930 in Mysore .
 In Begum Akhtar in her early days lifetime , Begum Akhtar in her early days recorded more than 600 records from 1902 to 1920 , in more than ten languages , including Bengali Keertan , Hindustani , Gujarati , Tamil , Marathi , Arabic , Persian , Pushto , French , and English .
 Begum Akhtar in her early days would round off Begum Akhtar in her early days performances for a record by announcing My name is Gohar Jan. .
 Begum Akhtar in her early days popularised light Hindustani classical music with Begum Akhtar in her early days thumri , dadra , kajri , chaiti , bhajan , tarana renditions , and also mastered the technique of condensing performing the elaborate melody Hindustani classical style to just three and a half minutes for a record .
 Begum Akhtar in her early days most famous song are , thumri sung in Bhairavi is Mora nahak laye gavanava , jabse gaye mori sud huna live , Ras ke bhare Tore Nain , Mere dard-e-jigar and Bhajans like , Radhey Krishna Bol Mukhse .
Indias first disc had Gauhar Jaan , singing a khayal in Raag Jogiya , recorded on November 2 , 1902 , by Fred Gaisberg , an assistant to Emile Berliner , the father of Gramophone record , who left America to become the first recording engineer with the Gramophone Company , London .
 The recording was done in a makeshift recording studio in two large rooms of a hotel in Kolkata , and at the end of the trial recording Gauhar Jaan announced - `` My name is Gauhar Jaan '' .
Gauhar Jaan agreed to do the recording session for a princely sum of 3,000 rupees .
By 1903 , her records started appearing in Indian markets and were in great demand .
 Saregama India -RRB- , is planning to re-release the milestone recordings of Gauhar Jaan , after retrieving them from Gramophone Company 's the Gramophone Company , London archives , and restoring them to their original glory .
 Her songs are also part of the Vintage Music From Saregama India audio album , and her image forms its cover .
There were four singing contemporaries of Gauhar Jaan with first names pronounced the same way as hers and sometimes spelled in English in different ways : .
- Miss Gohar , who was associated with Parsi Theatrical Company in Bombay ; .
 - Gohar Kayoum Mamajiwala , a singer actress who was associated with and mistress of Sardar Chandulal Shah of Ranjit Films , Bombay ; and
The pakhavaj or mridang is an Indian barrel-shaped , two-headed drum , a variant and descendant of the mridang .
 The pakhavaj or mridang is the standard percussion instrument in the dhrupad style and is widely used as an accompaniment for various forms of music and dance performances .
The pakhavaj has a low , mellow tone , very rich in harmonics .
Set horizontally on a cushion in front of the drummers crossed leg , the larger bass-skin is played with the left hand , the treble skin by the right hand .
The bass face is smeared with wet wheat dough which acts as the kiran and is the cause of the vivid , bass sound the pakhavaj produces .
The word or is of Prakrit origin , whose Sanskrit equivalent is .
This instrument is always known as pakhavaj and not pakshavadya .
This word is derived from the words , and .
As with the tabla , the pakhavaj rhythms are taught by a series of mnemonic syllables known as bol .
The playing technique vary from that of tabla in many aspects : in the bass face , the artist hits with his whole palm instead of the finger tip hitting which is done in tabla .
In the treble face , the artist hits his whole palm with the fingers properly placed on the skin to produce different bols .
In traditional pakhavaj styles a student would learn a number of different strokes which produce a specific sound .
These are remembered and practiced with corresponding syllables .
The very basic capacity is to play a theka in a particular tala or rhythmic cycle , as for instance chautala in 12 beats : .
| dha dha | din ta | | kite dha | din ta | tite kata | gadi gene | .
Advanced students learn reelas that are virtuoso pakhavaj compositions
 the Cheez means composition in Indian classical music , especially in vocal music of Hindustani music .
Closely related to bandish or compositions for instrumental music .
E.g. Bol Taans can be sung by utilizing the words of the Cheez .
The main components are meaningful words , which are set in a raga structure correlating with a tala .
 Therefore the Cheez can be understood as a concept for realizing a musical idea , as a basis on which the artist explores further on the raga , which is mainly of improvisational character .
 Nowadays Cheez finds the Cheez synonym in the term Vasta , which refers on the Cheez own to the plot of dramaturgic venture
William Rory Gallagher was an Irish blues-rock multi-instrumentalist , songwriter , and bandleader .
 Born in Ballyshannon where Monica once acted , County Donegal , and raised in Cork , Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher recorded solo albums throughout the 1970s and 1980s , after forming the band Taste during the late 1960s .
 Cork was a talented guitarist known for Cork charismatic performances and dedication to Cork craft .
Gallaghers albums have sold in excess of 30 million copies worldwide .
 Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher received a liver transplant in 1995 , but died of complications later that year in London , UK at the age of 47 .
 Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher was born in Ballyshannon where Monica once acted , County Donegal ; Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher father , Daniel , was employed by the Irish Electricity Supply Board , who were constructing a hydro-electric power plant on the Erne River above the town .
 The family moved , first to Derry City , where The family younger brother his brother Donal was born in 1949 , and then to Cork , where the two brothers were raised , and where Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher attended the North Monastery School .
 Their father had played the accordion and sang with the Tir Chonaill Ceile Band whilst in Donegal ; their mother Monica was a singer and acted with the Abbey Players in Ballyshannon where Monica once acted .
 The Theatre in Ballyshannon where Monica once acted is now called the Rory Gallagher Theatre .
 Both sons were musically inclined and encouraged by Both sons parents .
 At age nine , Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher received Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher first guitar from Both sons .
 Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher built on Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher burgeoning ability on ukulele in teaching Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher to play the guitar and perform at minor functions .
 After winning a talent contest when Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher was twelve , Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher began performing in Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher adolescence with both Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher acoustic guitar , and an electric guitar Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher bought with Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher prize money .
 However , it was Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher purchase three years later of a 1961 Fender Stratocaster for PS100 that became Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher primary instrument and most associated with him for the span of Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher lifetime .
 Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher was initially attracted to skiffle after hearing Lonnie Donegan on the radio .
 Lonnie Donegan on the radio frequently covered blues and folk performers from the United States .
 Lonnie Donegan on the radio relied entirely on radio programs and television .
 Occasionally , the jazz programs from the BBC would play some blues numbers , and Lonnie Donegan on the radio slowly found some song books for guitar , where Lonnie Donegan on the radio found the names of the actual composers of blues pieces .
 While still in school , playing songs by Buddy Holly and Eddie Cochran , Buddy Holly discovered Buddy Holly greatest influence in Muddy Waters .
 Subsequently , Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher began experimenting with folk , blues , and rock music .
 Unable to find or afford record albums , Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher stayed up late to hear Radio Luxembourg and AFN where the radio brought Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher only exposure to the actual songwriters and musicians whose music moved Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher most .
 Influences Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher discovered , and cited as Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher progressed , included Woody Guthrie , Big Bill Broonzy , and Lead Belly .
 Initially , Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher struck out after just an acoustic sound .
 Singing and later using a brace for his harmonica , Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher taught himself to play slide guitar .
 Further , throughout the next few years of his musical development , Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher began learning to play alto saxophone , bass , mandolin , banjo , and the coral sitar with varying degrees of proficiency .
By his mid-teens , he began experimenting heavily with different blues styles .
 Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher began playing after school with Irish showbands , while still a young teenager .
 In 1963 , Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher joined one named Fontana , a sextet playing the popular hit songs of the day .
 The band toured Ireland and the United Kingdom , earning the money for the payments that were due on Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher Stratocaster guitar .
 Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher began to influence the bands repertoire , beginning its transition from mainstream pop music , skirting along some of Chuck Berry s songs and by 1965 , Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher had successfully moulded Fontana into The Impact , with a change in some of Chuck Berry line-up into an R&B ; group that played gigs in Ireland and Spain until disbanding in London .
 Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher left with the bassist and drummer to perform as a trio in Hamburg , Germany .
 In 1966 , Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher returned to Ireland and , experimenting with other musicians back home in Cork , decided to form Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher own band .
 Having completed a musical apprenticeship in the showbands , and influenced by the increasing popularity of beat groups during the early 1960s , Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher formed The Taste , which was later renamed simply , Taste , a blues rock and R&B ; power trio , in 1966 .
 Initially , the band was composed of Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher and two Cork musicians , Norman Damery and Eric Kitteringham , however , by 1968 , Gallagher and two Cork musicians were replaced with two musicians from Belfast , featuring Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher on guitar and vocals , drummer John Wilson , and bassist Richard McCracken .
 Performing extensively in the United Kingdom , the group played regularly at the Marquee Club , supporting both Cream at both Cream Royal Albert Hall farewell concert , and the blues supergroup Blind Faith on a tour of North America .
Managed by Eddie Kennedy , the trio released the albums Taste and On The Boards , and two live recordings , Live Taste and Live at the Isle of Wight .
 The latter appeared long after the bands break-up , which occurred shortly after both Cream appearance at the 1970 Isle of Wight Festival .
 After the break-up of Taste , Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher toured under Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher own name , hiring former Deep Joy bass player Gerry McAvoy to play on Gallaghers self-titled debut album , Rory Gallagher .
 It was the beginning of a twenty-year musical relationship between Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher and former Deep Joy bass player Gerry McAvoy ; the other band member was drummer Wilgar Campbell .
The 1970s were Gallaghers most prolific period .
 Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher produced ten albums in that decade , including two live albums , Live in Europe and Irish Tour 74 .
 November 1971 saw the release of Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher album , Deuce .
 In the same year Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher was voted Melody Maker s International Top Musician of the Year , ahead of Eric Clapton .
 However , despite a number of his albums from this period reaching the the United Kingdom Albums Chart , Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher did not attain major star status .
 Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher played and recorded what Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher said was in me all the time , and not just something I turn on ... Though Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher sold over thirty million albums worldwide , it was Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher marathon live performances that won Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher greatest acclaim .
 Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher is documented in the 1974 film Irish Tour 74 , directed by Tony Palmer .
 During the heightened periods of political unrest in Ireland , as other artists were warned not to tour , Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher was resolute about touring Ireland at least once a year during Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher career , winning Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher the dedication of thousands of fans , and in the process , becoming a role model for other aspiring young Irish musicians .
 Gallagher Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher admitted in several interviews that at first there were not any international Irish acts until Van Morrison , Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher , and later , Phil Lynott and Thin Lizzy grew popular during the 1970s .
The line-up which included Rod deAth on drums and Lou Martin on keyboards , performed together between 1973 and 1978 .
 However , Rod eventually dropped down to just bass , guitar and drums , and Rod act became a power trio .
Other releases from that period include Against the Grain , Calling Card , Photo-Finish and Top Priority .
 Gerry McAvoy has stated that the Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher band performed several TV and radio shows across Europe , including Beat-Club in Bremen , Hamburg , Germany and the Old Grey Whistle Test .
 former Deep Joy bass player Gerry McAvoy recorded two Peel Sessions , both in February 1973 and containing the same tracks , but only the first was broadcast .
 Along with Little Feat and Roger McGuinn , Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher performed the first Rockpalast live concert at the Grugahalle , Essen , Germany in 1977 .
 Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher collaborated with Jerry Lee Lewis and Muddy Waters on Jerry Lee Lewis and Muddy Waters respective London Sessions in the mid-1970s .
 Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher played on Lonnie Donegans final album .
 Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher was David Coverdale s second choice to replace Ritchie Blackmore in Deep Purple .
 Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher chose to perform in Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher own band .
 In the 1980s Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher continued recording , producing Jinx , Defender , and Fresh Evidence .
 After Fresh Evidence , Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher embarked on a tour of the United States .
 In addition Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher played with Box of Frogs -- a band formed in 1983 by former members of The Yardbirds .
 Becoming obsessive over details and plagued by self-doubt , Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher nevertheless retained a loyal fanbase .
 During this period Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher stated I agonize too much .
Notes From San Francisco , an album of unreleased studio tracks and a San Francisco 1979 concert was released in May 2011 .
1970-1972 : Gerry McAvoy , bass guitarist , and drummer Wilgar Campbell .
 1972-1976 : Gerry McAvoy , keyboardist Lou Martin , and drummer Rod deAth .
1981-1991 : Gerry McAvoy , Brendan ONeil + frequent guest : Mark Feltham .
1992-1994 : David Levy , Jim Levaton , John Cooke , Richard Newman and frequent guest Mark Feltham , on harmonica .
 Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher was always associated with Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher well-worn sunburst 1961 Stratocaster , which Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher brother Donal has officially retired .
 the first in Ireland was reputedly the first in Ireland , and was ordered from Fender by Jim Connolly , a showband member performing with The Irish Showband .
 Jim Connolly ordered a cherry red Stratocaster through Crowleys music shop in Cork in 1961 .
 When Fender shipped a sunburst Stratocaster instead , a cherry red Stratocaster was put up on sale in 1963 as a second-hand instrument , which Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher bought in August 1963 for just shy of PS100 at Crowleys Music Store on Cork s McCurtain Street .
 Speaking about Gallaghers most prolific purchase of the famous Stratocaster Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher brother Donal recalled : his brother Donal dream ambition was to have a guitar like Buddy Holly ... This Stratocaster was in the store as a used instrument , it was 100 pounds ... in todays money you couldnt even compare you might as well say it was a million pounds ... my mother was saying well be in debt for the rest of our lives and Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher said well actually with a guitar like this I can play both parts , rhythm and lead , we wont need a rhythm player so I can earn more money and pay it off so the Stratocaster became Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher partner for life if you like .
 The guitar was extensively modified by Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher .
The tuning pegs are odd , and all of these have been found to be replacements .
Second , it is thought that the nut has been replaced and interchanged a number of times .
Third , the scratchplate was changed during Gallaghers time with Taste .
The pick-ups -- none of which are original -- were also changed .
 The final modification was that of the wiring : Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher disconnected the bottom tone pot and rewired it so Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher had just a master tone control along with the master volume control .
 Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher also installed a 5-way selector switch in place of the vintage 3-way one .
The most notable effect that the years of touring have had on the guitar is the almost complete removal of its original sunburst finish .
Although the Strat was left abandoned in a rainy ditch for days after being stolen from the back of a tour van in Dublin , this is not believed to have caused any ill effect .
 All of the wear was caused by Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher playing , not misuse .
A borrowed Telecaster was also stolen at the same time but never recovered .
 When the Strat was recovered after two weeks , Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher swore Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher would never sell the Strat or paint the Strat after that .
 the Strat also had a period of time of having a replacement neck , with the original neck bowing due to the amount of moisture the Strat absorbed during continuous touring .
The neck was taken off and left to settle , and was eventually reunited with the Strat after returning to its correct shape .
Other quirks include a hump in the scratch plate which moves the neck pick-up closer to the neck on the bass side , and a replacement of all of the pick-ups , though this replacement was due to damage rather than the perception of a tonal inadequacy .
One final point of interest is that one of the clay double-dot inlays at the 12th fret fell out and was replaced with a plastic one , which is why its whiter than the other clay inlays .
 On Friday the 21st and Saturday 22 October 2011 , Rorys brother Donal brought the guitar out of retirement to allow Joe Bonamassa to perform with Friday the 21st on Joe Bonamassa two nights at the London Hammersmith Apollo .
 Joe Bonamassa opened both nights performances with Joe Bonamassa rendition of Cradle Rock using Rorys Stratocaster .
Photos and video of the performance can be seen on the official Rory Gallagher website .
Rorys biographer Marcus Connaughton believes the Strat was the key to Rorys sound .
 Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher could talk about the Strat all night .
 ` the Strat dated November 1961 - in certain peoples opinions this is when Fender hit Its dated November 1961 peak .
I like the maple neck .
 Like on the earlier guitars , Its dated November 1961 're probably a bit more crisp , but theres a warmth to this , a mellowness because of the rosewood neck .
This is the best , its my life , this is my best friend .
Its almost like knowing its weak spots are strong spots .
I do n't like to get sentimental about these things , but when you spend thirty years of your life with the same instrument its like a walking memory bank of your life there in your arms . '

 When Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher was with Taste , Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher used a single Vox AC30 with a Dallas Rangemaster treble booster plugged into the normal input .
 Examples of this sound can be heard on the Taste albums , as well as the album Live in Europe .
 Brian May , of the band Queen , has admitted in interviews that as a young man , he was inspired to use a Vox AC30 and treble booster setup after meeting Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher and asking Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher how Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher got Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher sound .
The British company , Flynn Amps , now makes a Rory Gallagher Signature Hawk Treble Booster pedal based on Gallaghers original unit .
 Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher also used Ibanez Tube Screamers , an MXR Dyna Comp , and various Boss effects , often using a Flanger and Octaver .
 In the early to mid-1970s , Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher began to use Fender amplifiers in conjunction with a Hawk booster , most notably a Bassman and a Twin , both 1950s vintage .
An example of this sound can be heard on the Irish Tour 74 album .
 Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher also had a Fender Concert amplifier .
 In the mid to late 1970s , when Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher was moving towards a hard rock sound , Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher experimented with Ampeg VT40 and VT22 amps .
 Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher also began using Marshall combos .
 During this period and beyond , Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher used different combinations of amps on stage to achieve more power and to blend the tonal characteristics of different amps including Orange amplification .
 On the introduction of the BOSS ME-5 all-in-one floor based FX unit , Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher was known to have been an early adopter and used it readily it for Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher live work up until Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher death in mid 90s .
 Not that well known is Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher use of various German amplifiers .
 Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher used Stramp 2100a amps , which can be seen in Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher appearances on the German Beat Club program .
 Another company that hand built various German amplifiers for Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher was PCL Vintage Amp .
The company is located in St. Wendel in the Saarland and they still produce high quality audio and guitar equipment .
 In the later years of Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher life Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher developed a phobia of flying .
 To overcome this Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher received a prescription for a powerful sedative .
 This medication , combined with Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher alcohol use resulted in severe liver damage .
 Despite this Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher continued touring .
 By the time of Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher final performance on 10 January 1995 in the Netherlands , Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher was visibly sick and the tour had to be cancelled .
 Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher was admitted to Kings College Hospital in London in March 1995 , and Kings College Hospital in London was only then that the extent of Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher ill health became apparent : Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher liver was failing and the doctors determined that in spite of Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher young age a liver transplant was the only possible course of action .
 After 13 weeks in intensive care , while waiting to be transferred to a convalescent home , Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher health suddenly worsened when Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher contracted a staphylococcal infection , and Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher died on 14 June 1995 .
 Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher was unmarried and had no children .
 Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher was buried in St Olivers Cemetery , on the Clash Road just outside Ballincollig near Cork City , Ireland .
 Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher headstone is a replica of an award Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher received in 1972 for International Guitarist of the Year .
 In 2003 , Wheels , a collection of acoustic tracks Within Wheels , a collection of acoustic tracks , a collection of acoustic tracks , was released posthumously by Gallaghers most prolific brother Donal Gallagher .
Collaborators on this album included Bert Jansch , Martin Carthy , The Dubliners and Lonnie Donegan .
 Many modern day musicians , including The Edge from U2 , Slash of Guns N Roses , Johnny Marr of the Smiths , Davy Knowles , Janick Gers of Iron Maiden , Glenn Tipton of Judas Priest , Vivian Campbell of Def Leppard , Gary Moore and Joe Bonamassa , cite Gallagher as an inspiration in Gary Moore and Joe Bonamassa formative musical years .
 Brian May , lead guitarist of the band Queen , relates : so these couple of kids come up , whos me and my mate , and say How do you get your sound Mr. Gallagher ?
 and Brian May , of the band Queen sits and tells us .
So I owe Rory Gallagher my sound .
 In 2010 , Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher was ranked No. 42 on Gibson.coms List of their Top 50 Guitarists of All Time .
 Gallaghers brother Donal Gallagher was also listed on Rolling Stone magazines list of the 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time , ranked at 57th place
Begum Parveen Sultana is an Assamese Hindustani classical singer of the Patiala Gharana .
 Begum Parveen Sultana was born at Daccapatty in Nagaon city , Assam , India to Ikramul Mazid and Maroofa Begum .
 Begum Parveen Sultana went to Mission School .
 Begum Parveen Sultana father was Begum Parveen Sultana first guru and was very strict with Begum Parveen Sultana .
 Begum Parveen Sultana also received early training from Begum Parveen Sultana grandfather Mohammed Najeef Khan , a Pathan .
 Begum Parveen Sultana later went to Kolkata to learn music under the guidance of late Chinmoy Lahiri .
 In 1973 , Begum Parveen Sultana became a disciple of Dilshad Khan of the Patiala Gharana .
 Begum Parveen Sultana gave Begum Parveen Sultana first stage performance in 1962 when Begum Parveen Sultana was only 12 and has been recording music since 1965 .
 Begum Parveen Sultana has sung for movies such as , the film Kudrat , Do Boond Pani , and Pakeezah .
 Recently , Begum Parveen Sultana sang the theme song of Vikram Bhatt s 1920 .
 Begum Parveen Sultana also sang Humein Tumse Pyaar Kitna for the film Kudrat in 1981 .
 Begum Parveen Sultana has recorded for HMV , Polydor , Music India , Bharat Records , Auvidis , Magnasound , Sonodisc , Amigo .
 Begum Parveen Sultana was conferred the Padmashri in 1976 , at the age of 25 .
 Begum Parveen Sultana is married to Dilshad Khan .
They have a daughter , Shadaab Sultana
Prem Joshua is a German musician , active since 1991 .
 Born in Germany , Prem Joshua learned the flute at the age of five and played the flute and the saxophone for various local bands .
 At the age of 18 , Prem Joshua traveled overland to India studying the indigenous folk music of countries along the way .
 Prem Joshua was the name Prem Joshua parents gave Prem Joshua , Prem Joshua later added Prem Joshua to it , dropping the family name , to remind Prem Joshua of the essence of love .
 On reaching India , Prem Joshua learned to play the sitar from Ustad Usman Khan and Osho .
 Osho inspired Osho and Osho music .
 Osho website states that In the presence of this man with a long white beard , eyes as deep as the ocean and a strong sense of humor , he came in touch with the art of the `` inner music '' - Silence .
This was really coming home !

Throughout his career , he has experimented with various forms of music , creating a blend of the East and the West .
He has also worked extensively with other producers , making remixes of his own songs and infusing traditional Hindustani acoustic instruments with lounge and trance beats .
His music has immensely contributed to the Asian Underground and fusion scene .
 In 1991 , Prem Joshua launched Prem Joshua first project , `` Terra Incognita '' , with Kora player , Ravi , and British Sarod player , Chinmaya Dunster , with which Prem Joshua released two albums .
 Prem Joshua subsequently released four solo albums and formed the band , `` Hamsafar '' , with which Prem Joshua released one album .
 Following this , Prem Joshua began to experiment with genres like drum and bass , lounge , and trance , while still focusing on traditional Hindustani music .
Chintan Relenberg -- Loops , Keyboards , Darbouka , Tabla , Vocals .
Prem Joshua -- Sitar , Flute , Saxophone , Dilruba , Santoor , Vocals
West Meets East is an album by American violinist Yehudi Menuhin and Indian sitar virtuoso Ravi Shankar , released in 1966 .
 West was recorded following their successful duet in June 1966 at the Bath Musical Festival , where they had played some of the same material .
 West Meets East won the 1967 Grammy Award for Best Chamber Music Performance , the first time that an Asian musician had won a Grammy .
 This recognition coincided with a period of heightened interest in Indian classical music , and particularly Ravi Shankar , as Western pop and rock bands such as the Beatles , the Byrds , the Rolling Stones and Traffic all adopted sitar or other aspects of the genre into their sound .
 The album was the first in a trilogy of West Meets East collaborations by pianist Hephzibah Menuhin and Ravi Shankar , volumes two and three appearing in 1968 and 1976 , respectively .
 The friendship between the two musicians had begun in India in the early 1950s , after which pianist Hephzibah Menuhin had done much to introduce Western audiences to Indian music .
On the recording , the main performers are accompanied at various points by tabla player Alla Rakha ; Menuhins sister , pianist Hephzibah Menuhin ; and Prodyot Sen , on tambura .
 In addition to Shankars and pianist Hephzibah Menuhin liner notes on the album sleeve , musician John Barham supplied a glossary , explaining musical terms such as alap , gat and tala .
 At the Bath Festival , musician John Barham had translated Shankars interpretation of Raga Tilang into Western annotation for Menuhins benefit .
 When making West Meets East , Ravi Shankar rewrote this Tilang-based piece , recording West with pianist Hephzibah Menuhin as Swara Kakali .
 The albums opening selection is Prabhati , a Ravi Shankar composition based on Raga Gunakali , and played by pianist Hephzibah Menuhin and Rakha .
The fourth selection , filling side two in the LP format , is Sonata for Violin & Piano No. 3 in A minor , Op. 25 , featuring Hephzibah Menuhin .
This piece was written by Romanian composer George Enescu , who had been Yehudi Menuhins teacher
Thumri is a common genre of semi - classical Indian music .
The text is romantic or devotional in nature , and usually revolves around a girls love for Krishna .
The lyrics are usually in Uttar Pradesh dialects of Hindi called Awadhi and Brij Bhasha .
 Thumri is characterized by Thumri sensuality , and by a greater flexibility with the raga .
 Thumri is also used as a generic name for some other , even lighter , forms such as Dadra , Hori , Kajari , Saavan , Jhoola , and Chaiti , even though each of them has its own structure and content -- either lyrical or musical or both -- and so the exposition of these forms vary .
 Like Indian classical music Thumri , some of these forms have their origin in folk literature and music .
Some of the most commonly used ragas are Pilu , Kafi , Khamaj , Gara , Tilak Kamod and Bhairavi .
The compositions are usually set to kaherava taal of 8 beats , addha tal of 16 beats , dipchandi of 14 beats or jat of 16 beats and in dadra tal of 6 beats .
 Thumri arose in popularity during the 19th century in the Lucknow court of nawab Wajid Ali Shah .
At that time it used to be a song sung by courtesans accompanied by dance .
That was the bandish ki thumri or bol bant ki thumri .
When this style of thumri went out of vogue at the turn of the 20th century , a new style became more popular , which is known as bol banao , sung in Varanasi .
 Since Varanasi is to the east of Lucknow , the new style became known as Poorab ang or eastern style thumri .
Famous artists of the Purab Ang thumri of the Benaras gharana or Banaras gayaki are Badi Motibai , Rasoolan Bai , Siddheshwari Devi , Girija Devi and Pandit Channulal Mishra .
Other famous singers of thumri are Gauhar Jan , Begum Akhtar , Shobha Gurtu , Noor Jehan and Prabha Atre .
Shobha Gurtu is often regarded as the thumri queen .
The bol banao style has a slow tempo and is concluded by a laggi , a faster phase where the tabla player has some freedom of improvisation .
 Another stalwart in the genre of thumri was Naina Devi , who was married to a royal family but later devoted Naina Devi life to the singing of the song of Tawaifs .
For a member of the royal family to take such a step in those days meant fighting countless social stigmas that had enough power to totally alienate someone from the society , but she had the support of her husband .
 Some khyal singers took an interest in thumri and sang it Some khyal singers own way , as in the case of Abdul Karim Khan , Nazakat-Salamat Ali Khan , Barkat Ali Khan , Bade Ghulam Ali Khan , Bhimsen Joshi , and Prabha Atre .
Today thumri is sometimes sung at the end of khyal concerts as a concluding item .
Besides the tabla and the tanpura , other typical instruments in thumri are sarangi , and swarmandal .
 Thumri singers pay considerable attention to the lyrics , though Gauhar Jan may be difficult to follow in the ornamented enunciation .
This is especially where the focus is on love , and many lyrics deal with separation or viraha .
 Krishna ras leela or love play with Radha and other gopis of Vrindavan appear frequently .
As an example , here are the lyrics of a thumri composed by the medieval poet Lalan , celebrating Krishnas flute - how its tunes are driving Radha mad .
 Braj or Vrindavan is where Krishna is indulging in this love play ; Radha is the girl of Braj
West Meets East , Volume 2 is an album by American violinist Yehudi Menuhin and Indian sitar virtuoso Ravi Shankar , released in 1968 .
 West is the second album in a trilogy of collaborations between the two artists , after the Grammy Award - winning West Meets East .
 The release followed Yehudi Menuhin and Ravi Shankar duet on 10 December 1967 at the United Nations in New York , celebrating the twentieth anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights .
 As part of Yehudi Menuhin utopian ideal , international human rights was a cause long supported by Menuhin in Yehudi Menuhin work , while for Indian classical music , this Human Rights Day recital marked the first time that a performance had received a worldwide television broadcast .
Reflecting the celebrity status afforded the sitarist during this period , particularly as a result of his association with George Harrison of the Beatles , Shankars activities were filmed for a documentary on his life , released as Raga in 1971 , and his autobiography My Music , My Life became a bestseller .
 Although West Meets East , Volume 2 was another popular success for Yehudi Menuhin and Ravi Shankar , their work together drew further criticism from purists in India , who considered that Ravi Shankar was westernising and thus diluting Indian classical music .
The album contains a version of the piece played at the United Nations , an interpretation of Raga Piloo .
 According to Ravi Shankar comments to Rolling Stone magazine in March 1968 , they recorded this selection just a few days ago .
 As at the recital , Yehudi Menuhin and Ravi Shankar were accompanied by Alla Rakha on tabla and Kamala Chakravarty , Shankars female companion , on tambura .
 The second piece is Raga Ananda Bhairava , performed by Shankar with Raga Ananda Bhairava regular accompanist and instrument-maker , Nodu Mullick , on tambura , and Rakha again on tabla .
 Side two in the original LP format consists of Yehudi Menuhin and Yehudi Menuhin sister Hephzibah performing Bartok s Sonata No. 1 for Violin and Piano
Indore gharana is one of the vocal gharanas of Indian classical music .
 It was founded by Ustad Amir Khan , who studied the styles of Abdul Wahid Khan , Aman Ali Khan , Rajab Ali Khan and Abdul Karim Khan and amalgamated the essence of the styles of these four maestros with Abdul Wahid Khan own intellectual approach to music , and conceived the Indore gharana of music .
 Amir Khan grew up in Indore , but Ustad Amir Khan did not like the factionalism inherent in the gharana tradition .
 In an interview to Akashvani Indore Ustad Amir Khan said .
Performances in the Indore gharana are noted by the vilambit tempo in the styele of Abdul Wahid Khan , and the taans reminiscent of Rajab Ali Khan .
The merukhand structure is similar to that practiced by Ustad Aman Ali Khan of the Bhendibazaar gharana .
The khayal gayaki in the Indore gharana retains the slow development and restraint from frills as in the dhrupad .
Mohan Nadkarni says of Amir Khans music that whereas Bade Ghulam Ali Khan s music was extroverted and exuberant , Amir Khans was an introverted , dignified darbar style .
Amir Khans conviction about the importance of poetry in khyal compositions , has also marked the singing of the Indore gharana .
 After Amir Khans death in a car accident in Kolkata in 1974 , the Indore gharana has become a powerful stream in modern Hindustani music .
Direct disciples of Amir Khan included Pandith Amarnath , Shankar Lal Mishra , Kankana Banerjee , Purvi Mukherjee , and others .
However , a number of influential musicians including Sultan Khan have grown up in its folds
Virasat is a cultural festival comprising all aspects of Indian cultural heritage , and is held at various educational institutions across India .
Organised by SPIC MACAY which was established in 1977 , the week-long festival includes performances and workshops in Indian folk and classical arts , literature , crafts , talks , theatre , cinema and yoga .
Virasat , literally meaning Heritage in Hindi , was launched for the first time in Dehradun in 1995 , here in all the classical music and dance maestros , and master craftsmen are invited to perform at the festival , to enhance student interaction between with artistes and craftsmen , and during the first half of the academic year .
PARAMPARA is like a mini-version VIRASAT , and includes 2-5 of the modules of Virasat .
Virasat 2008 , began on September 2 , 2008 with concerts in Delhi and 300 towns all over the country .
and continued till December 2008 .
 December 2008 was inaugurated by former Prime Minister I.K. Gujral and Dr. Karan Singh on September 2 with recitals by Girija Devi and Pt .
Hariprasad Chaurasia at the Vice-Regal Lodge , Delhi University .
Artistes like , Pt .
 Birju Maharaj , Pt .
 Shivkumar Sharma , T.N. Seshagopalan , Alarmel Valli , Pt .
 Vishwa Mohan Bhatt , Shovana Narayan , Pt .
Rajan and Sajan Misra , Teejan Bai also participated in the series
Mohanrao Palekar was a noted Hindustani classical vocalist and is considered a stalwart of Jaipur-Atrauli Gharana , commonly referred as Jaipur Gharana .
 Mohanrao Palekar was born in a musically oriented middle class family .
 Mohanrao Palekar somehow waited patiently till Mohanrao Palekar completed the matriculation examination and then left home to pursue Mohanrao Palekar aspirations in the field of music and stage performances .
 Like many marathi singers , Mohanrao Palekar moved to Hindustani Classical Music via Natya Sangeet .
 Mohanrao Palekar first joined Bharat Natak Mandali as a stage actor .
 Here Mohanrao Palekar was not getting any opportunities to showcase Mohanrao Palekar natural musical talent .
 Later , Mohanrao Palekar worked with Govindrao Tembe s Shivraj Natak Mandali , and there Govindrao Tembe talent got new opportunity and direction .
 While working at the Shivaraj Natak the Shivaraj Natak Mandali , Mohanrao Palekar met Ahmed Khan sahib from Alladiya Khan sahibs gharana ; Ahmed khan sahib was the grandson of Alladiya Khan Sahibs guru Jehangir Khan Sahib .
Ahmed Khan sahib was well trained in the traditional gharana style but was not a very well known singer because of his indifferent attitude .
 However , Mohanrao Palekar recognized Ahmed Khan sahibs talent and became Mohanrao Palekar disciple .
 Needless to say that Mohanrao Palekar got taleem in the truest tradition of the gharana .
 Mohanrao Palekar also got ample opportunities to listen to great musicians ad libitum .
 Mohanrao Palekar was well known for creating style and technique of the Jaipur gayaki .
 Despite the training and the talent , Mohanrao Palekar could not pursue Mohanrao Palekar aspirations to be a fulltime classical music exponent due to family and other considerations ; Mohanrao Palekar performances were mostly confined to private mehfils .
 Therefore , Mohanrao Palekar was not widely known to the general public .
 However , Mohanrao Palekar was very highly revered among the knowledgeable and cognoscenti musicians , artists and listeners .
 Mohanrao Palekar disciples include Pt .
Ratnakar Pai , Manohar Potdar , Pt .
G. T. Tilak , Krishnarao Chonakar , Kishori Amonkar , Kamal Pathare , Suresh Haldankar , Bhalchandra Patekar etc. .
G. K. Nimkar : prthm maasik shraaddhdinaanimitt vaahilele pricypussp - a brief biographical sketch after the first month
Mushtaq Ali Khan and was an Indian sitar , surbahar player .
 Mushtaq Ali Khan father Ashiq Ali Khan was a renowned sitar player .
His musical ancestor tree includes Masit Sen , the originator of Masitkhani Baaj .
He was recognized as the foremost representative of the Senia gharana of sitar playing in the mid-20th century .
 At first a court musician at Jaunpur , first a court musician at Jaunpur left the court to pursue an independent career .
 first a court musician at Jaunpur started playing for All India Radio in 1929 , and performed at the 1931 Sangeet Sammelan in Allahabad .
 For all of the 1940s and most of the 1950s first a court musician at Jaunpur was considered the most prominent sitar player in India , following the demise of Enayat Khan of the Etawah Gharana , and prior to the rise of the young Ravi Shankar and Vilayat Khan in the mid-1950s .
 In 1968 first a court musician at Jaunpur won the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award , highest Indian recognition given to practicing artists , given by Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy of Music , Dance & Drama .
 Being a purist , Enayat Khan of the Etawah Gharana refused to yield to shifting popular tastes and to adopt the innovations introduced by Ravi Shankar on one hand and Vilayat Khan on the other , which lead to a gradual decline in his popularity .
 At the time of Enayat Khan of the Etawah Gharana death Enayat Khan of the Etawah Gharana was known as a musicians musician .
 Many of Indias best known musicians expressed Many of Indias best known musicians appreciation of the purity of Indias best known musicians style and musicality in a book published in New Delhi after Indias best known musicians death .
Khan started his instruction at the age of 6 .
 He learned from his father , Ashiq Ali Khan , who had learned sitar from the renowned 19th century player Barkatullah Khan , a descendant of Masit Sen of Delhi , the inventor of the Masitkhani gat His name became synonymous with the Senia style although he may actually have practiced an even more austere style than his predecessors in the gharana .
He eschewed much of the ornamentation of modern sitar technique , and embraced a clean , pure sound .
 His alap was constructed along the lines of a dhrupad alap , and His alap jod and jhalla derived a lot from been technique .
 Oddly enough , in spite of being a musical descendant of Masit Sen , a musical descendant of Masit Sen rarely played Masitkhani Baaj gats in public , and none of the commercially available examples of a musical descendant of Masit Sen music includes one .
 a musical descendant of Masit Sen opted to play the faster Rezakhani gats instead , feeling that playing Masitkhani Baaj gats to an undiscerning audience would cause Masitkhani gats to be devalued .
Mushtaq Ali Khan was an eminent Sitar player of Senia Gharana .
 Mushtaq Ali Khan was the only surbahar player of India who used to play the been-ang with three mizrabs and that too , with the pakhawaj as an accompanying instrument only in pure dhrupad style .
 In a rare exclusive interview in the Daily Telegraph on the 13 July 1985 , Khan Sahab narrated the history of this instrument with historical references in which Mushtaq Ali Khan has cleared the myth of this instrument .
 Khan Sahab had Mushtaq Ali Khan lineage with fifth vani , called Dhandvani named after one of the forefathers .
The famous dhrupadiya of Shah Jahans Court , Nayak Dhundhu .
It is also called Rasal Vani for its beauty .
 Nayak Dhundhu said , ... two of my ancestors , Jaggu Khan and Makku Khan .
Since Makku Khan was childless , he adopted Waras Ali Khan a great name who learnt the art of playing Been from Bade Mohammed Khan .
When my father Ashiq Ali Khan was six years old , my grand father Sadaq Ali Khan , son of Jaggu Khan died so his uncle Waras Ali Khan taught him all intricacies of Beena on the surbahar .
That is why we play Surbahar with three Mezrabs .
The Surbahar was originally designed to felicitate the playing of Alap .
Those days Alap was the exclusive prerogative of the Beenkar .
Ghulam Muhammed Khan and his son Sajjad Mohammed Khan the great SurBahar players used to stay at Calcutta in the earliest part of the 20th Century and taught many renowned players including Imdad Khan and Jnanoda Mukherjee .
In this instrument two angas played are alap and talparan and that is why the knowledge of pakhawaj is essential to play the Talparan ... Mustaq Ali Khan also had to learn the art of pakhawaj playing in order to achieve perfection in the art of playing the surbahar with Pakhawaj .
Mushtaq Ali Khan was awarded the Sangeet Natak Academy award in 1968 .
 In 1973/74 Mushtaq Ali Khan received the title of D.Litt from Rabindra Bharati University .
 The Indian government appointed Mushtaq Ali Khan as the Professor Emeritus in Education and the Cultural Ministry and gave fellowship .
Some of the other musical awards were Sitar Sudhakar - 1932 , Tantri Vilas - 1973 , Sangeet Ratnakar - 1974 , State Academy Award - 1974 , Senior fellowship and Emeritus - 1986 , Bhuwalka Award - 1987 , Tansen Award - 1987 , Special Honour University of Delhi - 1987 .
 Tantri Vilas foremost disciples are Nirmal Guha Thakurta , Netai Bose , Shipra Chaudhury , Steven Landsberg and Dr. Debu Chaudhuri .
Latter is now the only living and/or active amongst this quartet .
 Nirmal Guha Thakurta has started a cultural Centre in New Delhi under the name of UMAK CENTRE FOR CULTURE , with a view to have UMAKs music and UMAKs ideas alive , for the future generation those who will have regards for purity and tradition .
Such great Masters are not understood well during their own time which is a sad story and reflection on our knowledge and understanding .
Steven Landsberg is Khansahibs only student to have studied the Surbahar , the technique with three mizrabas , and tarparan .
 A follower of rasal vani , Khan Sahab was the only surbahar player who not only maintained the purity of the Rasdal Vani but also kept the purity of the Rasdal Vani purity alive till his last days and never diluted to please the masses and that is why his music was not understood by the masses but respected by the contemporary Great Masters .
On 1953 had a Subahar recital in Raga Purya , in the First National Programme of the All India Radio New Delhi .
 On 1953 may be recalled that in the year 1953 Pandit Ravi Shankar was instrumental of instituting this National Programme of All India Radio and was present on this memorable occasion and praised Kahn Sahab profusely for Pandit Ravi Shankar superb exposition of Raga Purya in a pure Dhrupad style with three Mezrabs .
 Pandit Ravi Shankar was a musicians musician and On 1953 is why Pandit Ravi Shankar always shied away from the commercial attention .
Instead Mushtag Ali Khan organised conferences where old masters and new artists were introduced to the cognoscenti and the novice .
 Among the well known names , Pandit Ravi Shankar was first presented by Pandit Ravi Shankar to the public in Calcutta .
 Ustad had Ustad undisputed popularity and demand during the early thirties to late forties .
 Even in the evening of Ustad illustrious career , Ustad and Ustad wife Begum Kaneez Khatoon were actively involved in variety of projects for promotion of art and culture in our country .
 Ustad died on 21 July 1989
Chaturprahar is an annual Indian classical music festival held at National Centre for Performing Arts in Mumbai , India .
 Chaturprahar is based on the concept of association of time with the ragas .
2011 saw the inception of this festival .
It usually takes place in the month of September every year .
 The festival started in 2011 at National Centre for Performing Arts , Mumbai .
 Chaturprahar explores various ragas associated with different times of the day .
Singing these ragas at their particular times brings out the most in them .
For instance , Ragas like Lalat or Bhatiyar or Bibhas are early morning ragas whereas the ones which emerge from Kalyan thaat are best when heard in the evening towards the night .
 Since 2011 , the following artists have embraces the stage with their performances at Chaturprahar : .
Kaushiki Chakrabarty performed in the morning session .
Smt Devaki Pandit performed in the afternoon session .
 Smt Devaki Pandit brought out the best in Smt Devaki Pandit while rendering Ragas like Lalat or Bhatiyar or Bibhas like Shuddha Sarang and Madhmad and Badhans Sarang .
Pandit Ulhas Kashalkar performed in both the morning and late afternoon/evening sessions .
 In the evening session , Pandit Ulhas Kashalkar rendered , in Pandit Ulhas Kashalkar soulful voice , Raga Dhanasree , Raga Multani .
 This year saw their performances at Chaturprahar : from stalwarts like Gundecha Ashwini Bhide Deshpande , Ashwini Bhide Deshpande and Jayteerth Mevundi
Leonard Albert Lenny Kravitz is an American singer-songwriter , multi-instrumentalist , record producer , actor and arranger , whose retro style incorporates elements of rock , soul , R&B ; , funk , reggae , hard rock , psychedelic , folk and ballads .
 In addition to singing lead and backing vocals , Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz often played all the guitar , bass , drums , keyboards and percussion Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz when recording .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz is known for Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz elaborate stage performances and music videos .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz won the Grammy Award for Best Male Rock Vocal Performance four years in a row from 1999 to 2002 , breaking the record for most wins in that category as well as setting the record for most consecutive wins in one category by a male .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz has been nominated for and won other awards , including American Music Awards , MTV Video Music Awards , Radio Music Awards , BRIT Awards and Blockbuster Entertainment Awards .
 On December 1 , 2011 , Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz was made an Officer of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz plays the role of Cinna in the Hunger Games film series .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz was born in New York City on May 26 , 1964 .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz is the son of Roxie Roker , an actress known for her character Helen Willis in the 1970s hit television sitcom The Jeffersons , and Sy Kravitz , an NBC television news producer .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz father was from a Russian Jewish family .
His mother was of Bahamian and African-American descent , and was from a Christian family .
 During his early years , Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz did not grow up in a religious environment .
After a spiritual experience when he was thirteen , he started attending church , becoming a non-denominational Christian .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz was named after Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz uncle , Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz , who was killed in action in the Korean War at the age of 20 , while defending against a Chinese attack and saving most of Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz platoon ; Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz was posthumously awarded the Distinguished Service Cross but was denied the Medal of Honor .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz grew up spending weekdays on the Upper East Side of Manhattan , with Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz parents , attending P.S. 6 for elementary school , and weekends at Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz grandmother Bessie Rokers house in the Bedford-Stuyvesant neighborhood of Brooklyn .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz began banging on pots and pans in the kitchen , playing them as drums at the age of three .
 At the age of five , Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz wanted to be a musician .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz began playing the drums and soon added guitar .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz grew up listening to the music Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz parents listened to : R&B ; , jazz , classical , opera , gospel , and blues .
 My parents were very supportive of the fact that I loved music early on , and his parents listened to : R&B took me to a lot of shows , Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz said .
 Around the age of seven , Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz saw The Jackson 5 perform at Madison Square Garden , which became Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz favorite group .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz father , who was also a jazz promoter , was friends with Duke Ellington , Sarah Vaughan , Count Basie , Ella Fitzgerald , Bobby Short , Miles Davis and other jazz greats .
 Duke Ellington even played Happy Birthday for Duke Ellington one year when Duke Ellington was about 5 .
 Duke Ellington was exposed to the soul music of Motown , Stax , James Brown , Aretha Franklin , Al Green , Stevie Wonder , Curtis Mayfield , Gladys Knight , The Isley Brothers and Gamble and Huff growing up who were key influences on Duke Ellington musical style .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz often went to see New York theater , where Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz mother worked .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz mother encouraged Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz dreams of pursuing music .
 In 1974 , the Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz family relocated to Los Angeles when Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz mother landed the Kravitz family role on The Jeffersons .
 At Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz mothers urging , Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz joined the California Boys Choir for three years , where Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz performed a classical repertoire , and sang with the Metropolitan Opera .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz took part in Mahlers Third Symphony at the Hollywood Bowl .
 Mahlers Third Symphony was in Los Angeles that Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz was First introduced to rock music , listening to Led Zeppelin , Kiss , Aerosmith , Jimi Hendrix , Pink Floyd , Cream , and The Who .
 I was attracted to the cool style , the girls , the rock n roll lifestyle , Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz said .
Kravitzs other musical influences at the time included Fela Kuti , Bill Withers , Marvin Gaye , Pharoah Sanders and Miles Davis ; John Lennon and Bob Marley proved later to be influential as well .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz attended Beverly Hills High School .
 Maria McKee , actor Nicolas Cage and musician Slash were Maria McKee classmates .
 In 1978 , Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz was accepted into the schools well-respected music program .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz taught Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz to play piano and bass , and made friends with Zoro who would later become Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz long-time collaborator .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz wanted to be a session musician .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz also appeared as an actor in television commercials during this time .
 With record labels still telling Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz music wasnt black enough or white enough , Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz decided to record an album on Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz own .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz had met recording engineer / keyboardist/bassist Henry Hirsch in 1985 when recording a demo at Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz Hoboken , New Jersey recording studio .
The two shared an interest in using real instruments and vintage recording equipment , as well as a love of R&B ; , jazz , and rock .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz would go on to collaborate with keyboardist/bassist Henry Hirsch in 1985 on most of keyboardist/bassist Henry Hirsch in 1985 albums .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz began working on Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz debut album with keyboardist/bassist Henry Hirsch in 1985 over the next year and a half , with Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz father paying for the studio time .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz met saxophonist Karl Denson and invited Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz to play on the song , Let Love Rule .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz was so impressed with his playing that Karl Denson played on much of the album .
 Karl Denson toured with Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz for the next five years .
 In October 1988 , after completing most of the recording , Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz approached friend Stephen Elvis Smith who had served as the Music Supervisor on Lisa Bonet s spin-off of The Cosby Show , A Different World .
 Smith had also worked with Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz mother Roxie Roker , on the hit sitcom The Jeffersons .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz urged Smith to manage his career and assist him in finding a record deal .
 In less than a month of shopping the recordings , five labels were in a bidding war for Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz .
Eventually a deal was made with Virgin Records in January 1989 , and signed by Virgin A & R executive Nancy Jeffries .
 The label was excited about the music Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz was making , music inspired by Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz relationship with wife actress Lisa Bonet and their new daughter , Zoe .
 On Smiths urging , Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz dropped the name Romeo Blue and reclaimed the Lenny Kravitz moniker .
 About Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz time as Romeo Blue , Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz said , Ultimately , his time as Romeo Blue got me back to myself .
And when I finally did accept myself for myself , music started flowing out of me .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz released Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz debut album Let Love Rule on September 6 , 1989 , a combination of rock and funk with a general 1960s vibe .
 Music critics were mixed : some felt Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz was a gifted new artist , others felt he was overpowered by his musical influences .
The album was a moderate success in the United States , but became an instant hit outside of the US , especially in Europe .
Lisa Bonet directed the debut music video for the title track , Let Love Rule .
 Stephen Smith signed Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz with talent booking agency CAA , who soon were fielding offers for Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz , First on a club tour , and then in opening slots for Tom Petty & the Heartbreakers , Bob Dylan and David Bowie .
 Having played essentially all of the instruments on the album , Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz had to quickly assemble a touring band to support the Let Love Rule release .
 the Heartbreakers included a childhood friend , Zoro on drums , Adam Widoff , Lebron Scott , Kenneth Crouch and Karl Denson on saxophone .
In May 2009 , a 20th Anniversary Deluxe Edition of Let Love Rule was released worldwide by Virgin .
The double disk includes a booklet with rare photos , and 18 additional demos , bonus tracks and live recordings .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz launched a LLR tour of Europe and the United States in support of the re-release .
 In 1990 , Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz produced the song Justify My Love for Madonna , which Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz co-wrote with Ingrid Chavez .
 The song , which appeared on her greatest hits album The Immaculate Collection and created controversy because of album The Immaculate Collection explicit video , went to number 1 for The two consecutive weeks .
When MTV banned the video , the video was quickly made available for sale at record stores , and immediately sold over 500,000 copies .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz separated from Lisa Bonet in 1991 , amid rumors of an affair between Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz and Madonna .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz has denied any infidelity .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz and actress Lisa Bonet divorced in 1993 .
 In 1991 , Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz produced the self-titled album Vanessa Paradis for French singer and actress Vanessa Paradis .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz played most of the instruments and co-wrote most of the songs on the album .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz also released Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz second album , Mama Said , which was Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz First album to reach the Top 40 .
 The songs on the album were about actress Lisa Bonet and dedicated to actress Lisa Bonet , documenting Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz depression over their breakup .
 Kravitzs biggest single yet , Kravitzs biggest single yet Aint Over Til Kravitzs biggest single yet Over , went to number 2 on the Billboard Hot 100 .
 The single Always on the Run , a tribute to Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz mother , featured Slash on guitar .
Stand By My Woman and What Goes Around Comes Around followed .
Sean Lennon co-wrote and played piano on the song All I Ever Wanted .
 In 2001 , Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz participated in a benefit auction for the Red Hot Organization , in conjunction with Amazon.com to increase public AIDS awareness , which ran from February 28 until April 11 , 2001 .
The event featured rare RHO memorabilia and the work of Rolling Stone photographer Mark Seliger .
 In 1993 , Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz wrote Line Up for Aerosmiths Steven Tyler , and appeared on Mick Jagger s solo album , Wandering Spirit , in a cover of the Bill Withers soul classic Use Me , and played guitar on the title track of David Bowie s The Buddha of Suburbia .
That year Kravitz also got to work with idols Al Green and Curtis Mayfield .
 In 1993 , Are You Gon na Go My Way was released , reaching number 12 on the Billboard 200 and Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz earned a BRIT Award for best international male artist in 1994 .
 The title track won a MTV Video Music Award for Best Male Video for the video produced by Mark Romanek , in which Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz slung Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz dreadlocks and wore high-heeled platform boots .
 During the presentation of the MTV Video Music Awards , Mark Romanek performed the song with John Paul Jones of Led Zeppelin on bass .
Several singles from the album would follow including , Believe , Is There Any Love In Your Heart , and Heaven Help/Spinning Around Over You .
 This album was the first to feature guitarist Craig Ross , who has also played on all Craig Ross subsequent albums .
 One song , Eleutheria , was influenced by the island Eleuthera in The Bahamas where Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz built a house and recording studio at that time .
 In 1993 , Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz also released the EP Spinning Around Over You , which included four live tracks from Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz Universal Love Tour .
 A feature documentary about Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz 1994 tour entitled Alive From Planet Earth was directed by Doug Nichol and released .
 In 1994 , Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz recorded a funk-rock version of the song Deuce , for the KISS cover album .
The track featured Stevie Wonder on harmonica and background vocals .
This song was one of three radio singles from the album , and was also the albums lead-off track .
 Roxie Roker , Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz mother , died in California on December 2 , 1995 , of breast cancer at the age of 66 .
 During a break from music , Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz took time out to train some wrestlers , most notable , CM Punk and Dean Ambrose .
 In 1995 , Lenny Kravitz released the album Circus , which went to number 10 on the the Billboard 200 chart on the back of Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz past achievement .
 However , the album only had The two hit Several singles from the album : Rock and Roll Is Dead and Cant Get You Off My Mind .
 With 5 , Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz embraced digital technology such as Pro Tools and samplers for the First time .
 5 introduced Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz music to an even wider audience thanks to the hit single Fly Away being featured prominently in both car manufacturer and airline commercials .
5 would reach number 28 on the Billboard 200 , with Fly Away reaching number 12 on the Billboard Hot 100 and number 1 in the United Kingdom .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz would win the first of Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz four consecutive Grammy for Best Male Rock Vocal Performance at the Grammy Awards of 1999 .
Other hits from the album included If You Cant Say No , that was also remixed by dance producer Brian Transeau , and I Belong to You .
 For the I Belong to You video Lenny can be seen without Brian Transeau signature dreadlocks .
 In 1999 Brian Transeau produced and sang with Cree Summer on his four consecutive Grammy solo album Street Faerie .
 Brian Transeau cover version of The Guess Whos hit American Woman won Brian Transeau another Grammy at the Grammy Awards of 2000 and helped The Guess Whos song reach a new audience .
Kravitzs version of the song originally came from the soundtrack of and was added to 5 as a bonus track in 1999 .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz worked on The two songs for Michael Jackson s Invincible album released in 2001 ; a snippet of Another Day has leaked , and the full version was officially released on the album Michael in 2010 .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz released a Greatest Hits album in 2000 .
 a Greatest proved to be Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz most successful album , reaching # 2 on the Billboard 200 and selling nearly 11 million copies worldwide and ultimately becoming one of the most commercially successful albums of the decade .
 The single Again earned The single Again The single Again Third consecutive Grammy for the Best Male Rock Vocal in the Grammy Awards of 2001 and peaked at number 4 on the US Billboard Hot 100 .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz also co-wrote the song God Gave Me Everything with Mick Jagger in this period , appearing on Jaggers 2001 solo album Goddess in the Doorway and in the film Being Mick Jagger in this period .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz released Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz sixth album video Lenny in October 2001 .
 The album was recorded in the coast Miami .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz wrote the song Bank Robber Man after the Miami Police Department detained and cuffed Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz while walking to the gym with Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz trainer because police stated that he matched the description of a bank robber .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz did not have any identification with Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz at the time and the police on the scene did not believe that Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz was indeed Lenny Kravitz .
 The bank teller who was robbed was then brought to the scene and said Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz was not the bank robber .
 the coast Miami Police later sent officers to Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz home to apologize for the detention .
 When asked if Miami Police thought the incident was a case of racial profiling , Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz said Miami Police was n't sure although some of the lyrics in the song suggest otherwise .
 The First single from the album , Dig In , went to number 1 in Argentina and the top 10 in Italy and Portugal .
The video for Dig In was originally supposed to be shot at the top of the Empire State Building on September 12 , 2001 but the terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center on September 11 , 2001 caused the location to be moved .
The video was later shot off the coast Miami .
 Dig In won Dig In fourth Grammy in 2002 .
 Stillness of Your Heart , Believe in Me , and If I Could Fall In Love were subsequent singles from the album .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz was the subject of a photo book by former chief photographer for Rolling Stone , Mark Seliger .
 Published in November 2001 , Rolling Stone photographer Mark Seliger captures Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz on tour , with family , with friends and in posed portraits .
 Jay-Z invited Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz to appear on the track Guns and Roses on Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz 2002 .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz would also join P. Diddy , Pharrell and Loon on the track Show Me Your Soul from the Bad Boys II Soundtrack .
 In September 2002 , Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz appeared alongside other rock stars in the episode How I Spent My Strummer Vacation of The Simpsons .
 In early 2003 , Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz released the track We Want Peace as a download-only track as a protest against the 2003 invasion of Iraq , Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz performed this alongside famous Iraqi singer Kazem Al Saher at Rock The Vote .
The track reached # 1 on the world internet download charts and MP3.com download chart .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz also appeared on Unity , the official album of the 2004 Athens Olympics , and performed a cover of Have You Ever Been on the album .
 In late 2004 , Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz dated actress Nicole Kidman and reportedly dedicated Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz hit song Lady to Nicole Kidman .
They split in 2005 .
Kravitzs seventh album Baptism was released in May 2004 .
 The First single was Where Are We Runnin ?

The single California failed to be commercially successful , but Storm , featuring Jay-Z , reached the charts .
Calling All Angels was successful in various countries and a huge hit in Brazil , however it was Lady that became the albums surprise hit , making the US Top 30 and propelling Baptism to gold status .
Also in 2004 , he appeared on N.E.R.D s album Fly or Die .
 From March 2005 , Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz toured all over the world with the tour Electric Church , which ended at the Brixton Academy , London in July 2005 .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz served as the opening act for Aerosmith who are long term friends of Kravitz on their fall 2005 tour .
The tour began on October 30 at the Mohegan Sun Arena in Uncasville , Connecticut .
 The night before that tour started , October 29 , 2005 , Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz father TV Producer Sy Kravitz died .
 During that First show , video Lenny broke the news to the stunned crowd and stated it was not a time to be sad but rather a time to celebrate because video Lenny is now in Heaven .
 video Lenny then dedicated Let Love Rule to video Lenny father .
That tour was so successful that it was extended through February 25 , 2006 and ended in Anaheim , California .
2006-09 : Live Earth , charity work , and It Is Time for a Love Revolution .
 In January 2006 , Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz contributed Breathe to absoluttracks , a project sponsored by Absolut Vodka .
This song was re-mixed by ten musical producers and distributed via the internet .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz appeared in the audience of Madonnas Confessions Tour during numerous shows .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz later joined Madonna live on stage to play guitar on the song , I Love New York , at the last of four Paris shows .
Lately , Kravitz has founded a design firm named Kravitz Design , stating if he hadnt been a musician he would have been a designer .
Kravitz Design , focused on interior and furniture design , has designed residential spaces , as well as a chandelier for the crystal company Swarovski , named Casino Royale .
 On July 7 , 2007 , Kravitz performed at the Brazilian leg of Live Earth in Rio de Janeiro , making him one of three major international rock stars to perform The two huge free concerts at the world-famous Copacabana Beach along with Macy Gray and the Rolling Stones .
Kravitz had already played there on March 21 , 2005 , drawing 300,000 people on a concert of his own .
 The Live Earth concert , with eight other acts on the bill , including Pharrell and Macy Gray , took 400,000 to the beach .
Also in 2007 , Kravitz released a version of Cold Turkey by John Lennon on the charity CD .
 Kravitz also spent Is Time recording his latest album , Is Time Is Time for a Love Revolution , released February 5 , 2008 .
On September 25 , 2007 , the Fats Domino tribute album Goin Home ; A Tribute To Fats Domino was released .
Kravitz was on the song Whole Lotta Lovin along with Rebirth Brass Band , Troy Trombone Shorty Andrews , Fred Wesley , Pee Wee Ellis and Maceo Parker .
Kravitz performed at the Grey Cup halftime show in Toronto at the Rogers Centre on November 25 , 2007 , where the Saskatchewan Roughriders beat the Winnipeg Blue Bombers 23-19 .
The original video for Ill Be Waiting was shot in Central Park in New York City with Marc Webb directing but that video was later shelved and a new version , which Kravitz co-directed with Philip Andelman , was filmed in Lennys New York City recording studio .
The video premiered on VH1s Top 20 Countdown at number 3 .
 On January 17 , 2008 , Kravitz embarked on a 9 city mini-tour to promote his new album January 17 , 2008 Is Time for a Love Revolution .
 The tour started in Santa Monica , The single California and ended in New York City on February 1 .
 The tour was done in association with Myspace and called The Who Get on the Bus tour .
 At each stop on the tour , The Who would pick up one contest winner and The Who guest and The Who rode on the Love Revolution bus until the end of the tour .
 Steven Tyler of Aerosmith , a close friend of Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz would appear at The Orpheum Theater in Boston .
 The New York City winner , Tyrone Good was presented a train ticket from Penn Station to travel to Philadelphia and rode with the tour the rest of the way starting in Philadelphia , Boston , and finally New York City .
The winners were featured in the YRB February Edition alongside Lenny Kravitz in a magazine pull-out .
 The photo shoot took place at the Electric Factory in Philadelphia on stage .
The winners pull out was featured in another issue of YRB which had Lil Wayne on the cover .
On February 11 , 2008 , Kravitz was admitted to Miami Hospital suffering from severe bronchitis .
He had been suffering from a series of severe respiratory tract infections since mid-January , and the illness developed into bronchitis .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz illness had forced Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz to postpone Canadian dates and Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz trip to Europe to promote Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz album It Is Time for a Love Revolution .
 On March 19 , 2008 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz canceled the South American part of Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz tour due to the same illness .
 The decision affected planned concerts in Colombia , Mexico , Brazil and Argentina .
 In Argentina Kravitz had a performance in the biggest rock festival there , Quilmes Rock Fest .
 On July 15 , 2008 , video Lenny was honored in Milan , Italy with the key to the city in a special toast ceremony for video Lenny work with the United Nations Millennium Campaign to end world poverty .
Kravitz made his feature film acting debut in Precious which premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in January 2009 .
During the Italian leg of his 53 date Let Love Rule 09 European tour , Kravitz had been instructed to cancel some shows due to a bad bout of bronchitis .
Under strict orders from his doctor , the singer was told to rest so that he could make a quick recovery and return to the stage for the rest of his tour .
Shows scheduled for Rome on June 5 and Brescia on June 6 were postponed to late July .
Kravitzs next album , tentatively titled Funk , was tentatively re-titled Negrophilia and was due out sometime in 2010 .
This is believed to be a project that Kravitz has been working on since 1997 .
 Some of the original tracks for Funk were recorded while Some of the original tracks for Funk was in New Orleans at Allen Toussaint s studio while taking a break for several months from recording in New York City .
 A video on Kravitzs Twitter page shows Some of the original tracks for Funk working on one of the songs for the album , called Super Love , in Some of the original tracks for Funk GTS studios in the Bahamas .
 Another video shows Some of the original tracks for Funk working on another track titled Life Aint Never Been Better Than Another video Is Now in Some of the original tracks for Funk GTS Studios .
 On Some of the original tracks for Funk Twitter page , Kravitz said that the album title was Negrophilia but then felt like something else .
Eventually the album was later named Black and White America .
 The album was released on August 22 , 2011 in Europe and August 30 , 2011 in the U.S. On February 20 , 2011 the First single Come on Get February 20 , 2011 was released .
On June 6 , 2011 the second single Stand was released .
 It was announced that Kravitz would be supporting U2 on Black and White America 360 Tour on the second North American leg in 2010 .
 Kravitz agreed to support Black and White America for four shows .
Though the shows were postponed until 2011 , Kravitz remained committed for four of the shows .
In June 2010 it was announced that Kravitz would guest star on an episode of the upcoming season of Entourage .
 On May 23 , 2011 , Lionsgate announced that Kravitz would be joining the cast and crew of The Hunger Games , as Katniss creative stylist , Cinna .
The movie was released on March 23 , 2012 .
 On December 1 , 2011 , Kravitz was honored with one of the highest cultural awards in France when he was made an Officer of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres by French cultural minister Frederic Mitterrand in Paris .
 Kravitz stated he was particularly touched to receive the award in France as his success in the country pre-dated his success in the United States and still enjoys great record sales in the country today .
Kravitz joins other American recipients such as Martin Scorsese , George Clooney , and Bob Dylan .
 On February 26 , 2012 , he performed at the Daytona International Speedway for the Daytona 500 , the opening race of the 2012 NASCAR Sprint Cup the upcoming season of Entourage .
 A sample of Are You Gon na Go My Way was used in American singer Chris Willis s single Too Much In Love , released on August 16 , 2011 .
On November 22 , 2012 , Lenny Kravitz performed during halftime of the Jets-Patriots Thanksgiving night game .
 In 1985 , Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz parents divorced , which had a profound impact on Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz .
 Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz relationship with Private First Class Leonard M. Kravitz father became extremely strained .
Kravitz focused on his music to help him get through this period .
That year , Kravitz met actress Lisa Bonet backstage at a New Edition concert .
 actress Lisa Bonet worked on The Cosby Show , the number one rated show on television .
They were close friends for two years before falling in love .
 Like Kravitz , actress Lisa Bonet is half African American and half Russian Jewish .
Kravitz moved back to New York City where The Cosby Show was produced in 1987 , moving in with then girlfriend Bonet .
 Kravitz and actress Lisa Bonet eloped to be married on November 16 , 1987 , actress Lisa Bonet 20th birthday , in a Las Vegas ceremony .
Kravitz , still known as Romeo Blue at the time , suddenly found himself in the headlines of tabloid newspapers .
 Kravitz and Bonet had a daughter , Zoe Isabella Kravitz , born on December 1 , 1988 .
 Kravitz and actress Lisa Bonet divorced in 1993 .
In 2001 , he began dating model Adriana Lima .
In 2002 , the couple was engaged , but less than a year later , the engagement was called off .
Kravitz identifies himself as a Christian in a religious sense , through choice but Im also a Jew , its all the same to me .
 During another interview Kravitz stated , Im half Russian Jewish , Im half black , I look in-between .
He also notes that spirituality has been an important issue in my growth , given his upbringing by parents of different faiths .
Such spirituality is prominently featured in many of his songs , such as the lyrics on his album Baptism , and having his back inscribed with a tattoo stating , My Heart Belongs to Jesus Christ .

colspan = 3 style = background : #DAA 520 ;| Grammy Award .

 colspan = 3 style = background : #DAA 520 ;| MTV Video Music the Grammy Awards of 2001
Ganayogi Panchakshara Gawai was a blind singer from Gadag , a town in southern state of Karnataka , India .
 Ganayogi Panchakshara Gawai was born at Kadashettihalli in Hangal Taluk , Karnataka .
 Ganayogi Panchakshara Gawai school Veereshwara Punyashrama was a premier learning center for Hindustani Music .
The Kannada film Ganayogi Panchakshari Gavayi is based on his real life incidents
In Hindustani music , meend refers to a glide from one note to another .
It is an essential performance practice , and is used often in vocal and instrumental music .
On the veena , sitar , and other plucked stringed instruments , it is usually done by pushing the strings across the frets to vary their effective length and tension ; compare portamento and finger vibrato .
It is considered a sort of alankar , or ornament .
Meend is important part of any classical performance , however it is a technique not possible on a hand-held harmonium often used in musical concerts , traditionalist singing khyal prefer an accompaniment like sarangi
The sitar is a plucked stringed instrument used mainly in Hindustani music and Indian classical music .
The instrument descended from long-necked lutes taken to Pakistan from Central Asia and is also believed to be influenced by the Veena .
 The sitar flourished in the 16th and 17th centuries and arrived at the Sitar present form in the 18th century Mughal period .
 the Sitar derives the Sitar distinctive timbre and resonance from sympathetic strings , bridge design , a long hollow neck and a gourd resonating chamber .
Used widely throughout the Indian subcontinent , the sitar became known in the western world through the work of Ravi Shankar beginning in the late 1950s and early 1960s .
 The sitar saw further use in popular music after the Beatles featured the sitar in their compositions Norwegian Wood , Within You Without You , Tomorrow Never Knows and Love You You To .
 Their use of the instrument came as a result of George Harrisons taking lessons on how to play Their use of the instrument from Shankar and Shambhu Das .
 Brian Jones of the Rolling Stones also used a sitar in Paint the Rolling Stones Black and a brief fad began for using the instrument in pop songs .
The Hindi word sitar originally derives from Persian seh + tar , literally meaning three strings .
The instrument descended from Central Asia to North India during the Delhi Sultanate period and is also believed to be influenced by the Veena .
 The first prototype instruments were invented during the Delhi Sultanate period of the 13th/14 century when the Persian patrons of music and poetry encouraged innovation in Indian art .
 It is named after a Persian instrument called the setar .
Hazrat Amir Khusro , the great Sufi musical and poetic genius , laid the foundation for its development .
 The sitar flourished in the 16th and 17th centuries and arrived at the Sitar present form in the 18th century Mughal period .
In his Bharatiya Sangeet Vadya Dr. Lalmani Misra traces the instruments development from the Tritantri veena through the nibaddh and anibaddh Tamburas also called tanbur and later the jantra .
Construction of the similar tanpura was described by Tansen .
During the time of Moghul Empire in the Indian subcontinent from about 1526 to 1857 .
 Persian lutes were played at the Mughal court and may have provided a basis of the sitar ; however , there is no physical evidence for the sitar until the time of the collapse of the Mughal Empire between 1690 and 1720 .
For comparison , lute-like instruments were depicted in Ancient Egyptian tomb paintings dated to the 18th Dynasty , so possibly predating evolution of the Sitar by 3,000 years .
A sitar can have 18 , 19 or 20 strings .
Six or seven of these are played strings which run over curved , raised frets , and the remainder are sympathetic strings which run underneath the frets and resonate in sympathy with the played strings .
The frets are movable , allowing fine tuning .
The played strings run to tuning pegs on or near the head of the instrument , while the sympathetic strings , which are a variety of different lengths , pass through small holes in the fretboard to engage with the smaller tuning pegs that run down the instruments neck .
 The Gandhaar-pancham sitar has Six playable strings , whereas the Kharaj-pancham sitar , used in the Maihar gharana , to which Ravi Shankar belongs , and other gharanas such as Bishnupur , has seven .
Three of these , called the chikaari , simply provide a drone ; the rest are used to play the melody , though the first string is most used .
The instrument has two bridges : the large bridge for the playing and drone strings and the small bridge for the sympathetic strings .
 the Sitar timbre results from the way the strings interact with the wide , sloping bridge .
As a string reverberates its length changes slightly as its edge touches the bridge , promoting the creation of overtones and giving the sound its distinctive tone .
The maintenance of this specific tone by shaping the bridge is called jawari .
Many musicians rely on instrument makers to adjust this .
The bridges are fixed to the main resonating chamber , or kaddu , at the base of the instrument .
Some sitars have a secondary resonator , the tumbaa , near the top of the hollow neck .
Materials used in construction include teak wood or tun wood , which is a variation of mahogany , for the neck and faceplate , and gourds for the resonating chambers .
The instruments bridges are made of deer horn , ebony , or very occasionally from camel bone .
Synthetic material is now common as well .
There are three popular modern styles of sitar offered in a variety of sub-styles and decorative patterns .
The two popular styles are the gayaki style sitars and the full decorated instrumental style sitars .
The gayaki style sitar is mostly of seasoned toon wood , with very few or no carved decorations .
 The gayaki style sitar often has a dark polish .
The inlay decorations are mostly of mother of pearl .
The number of sympathetic strings is often limited to eleven but may extend to thirteen .
 Jawari grinding The two popular styles are also different , as is the thickness of the tabli .
The other type of sitar , the instrumental style , is most often made of seasoned toon wood , but sometimes made of teak .
 The other type of sitar is often fitted with a second resonator , a small tumba on the neck .
This style is usually fully decorated , with floral or grape carvings and celluloid inlays with colored and black floral or arabesque patterns .
 The other type of sitar typically has thirteen sympathetic strings .
 The other type of sitar is said that the best Burma teak sitars are made from teak that has been seasoned for generations .
Therefore instrument builders look for old Burma teak that was used in old colonial-style villas as whole trunk columns for their special sitar constructions .
The sources of very old seasoned wood are a highly guarded trade secret and sometimes a mystery .
There are various additional sub styles and cross mixes of styles in sitars , according to customer preferences .
Most importantly , there are some differences in preferences for the positioning of sympathetic string pegs .
Amongst all sitar styles there are student styles , beginner models , semi-pro styles , pro-models , master models , and so on .
Prices are often determined by the manufacturers name and not by looks alone or materials used .
Some sitars by certain manufacturers fetch very high collectible prices .
Most notable are older Rikhi Ram and older Hiren Roy sitars depending upon which master built the instrument .
Though not technically a sitar , the electric sitar is a guitar with a special bridge , known as the buzz bridge , and sympathetic strings , to mimic the sitar .
It has 6 strings , and lacks movable frets .
Tuning depends on the sitarists school or style , tradition and each artists personal preference .
The main playing string is almost invariably tuned a perfect fourth above the tonic , the second string being tuned to the tonic .
The tonic in the Indian solfege system is referred to as sadja , sadaj , or the shortened form sa , or kharaj , a dialectal variant of sadaj , not as vad , and the perfect fifth to which one or more of the drones strings are tuned is referred to as pancam , not samvad .
The sympathetic strings are tuned to the notes of the raga being played : although there is slight stylistic variance as to the order of these , typically they are tuned : .
The player should re-tune for each raga .
Strings are tuned by tuning pegs , and the main playing strings can be fine-tuned by sliding a bead threaded on each string just below the bridge .
In one or more of the more common tunings the playable strings are strung in this fashion : .
In a Gandhar Pancham sitar , the bass or kharaj strings are removed and are replaced by a fourth chikari which is tuned to Ga. .
By playing the chikari strings with this tuning , one produces a chord .
 To tune the sympathetic strings to raga Kafi for example : I Sa , vii ni I Sa , II Re , iii ga , III Ga , iv ma , V Pa , VI Dha , vii ni I Sa , I Sa , II Re , iii Ga. .
There is a lot of stylistic variance within these tunings and like most Indian stringed instruments , there is no default tuning .
Mostly , tunings vary by schools of teaching and the piece that is meant to be played .
The instrument is balanced between the players left foot and right knee .
The hands move freely without having to carry any of the instruments weight .
The player plucks the string using a metallic pick or plectrum called a mizraab .
The thumb stays anchored on the top of the fretboard just above the main gourd .
Generally only the index and middle fingers are used for fingering although a few players occasionally use the third .
A specialized technique called meend involves pulling the main melody string down over the bottom portion of the sitars curved frets , with which the sitarist can achieve a seven semitone range of microtonal notes .
Adept players bring in charisma through use of special techniques like Kan , Krintan , Murki , Zamzama etc. .
 Adept players also use special Mizrab Bol-s , as in Misrabani and create Chhand-s even in odd-numbered Tal-s like Jhoomra .
 The Sitar Maestro Vilayat Khan had been touring outside North India off and on for more than 50 years , and was the first Indian musician to play in England after independence and to introduce the sitar to world audiences .
Then in the late 1950s and early 1960s Ravi Shankar along with his musical partner on Tabla Alla Rakha began a further introduction of Indian classical music to the West .
 The Kinks top 10 single See I Friends featured a low tuned drone guitar which was widely mistaken to be the instrument .
 The sitar saw further use in popular music after the Beatles featured the sitar in My Friends compositions Norwegian Wood , Within You Without You and Love You To .
 My Friends use of the instrument came as a result of George Harrisons taking lessons on how to play Their use of the instrument from Shankar and Shambhu Das .
 Brian Jones of the Rolling Stones also used a sitar in Paint the Rolling Stones Black and a brief fad began for using the instrument in pop songs .
 Led Zeppelin s Jimmy Page talked about Brian Jones of the Rolling Stones love of Indian music , saying lets put his love of Indian music this way ; I had a sitar before George Harrison ... I went to North India after I came back from a tour with the Yardbirds , I had been listening to Indian music for quite a while and wanted to hear it first hand .
The East Indian scales used on the track Friends Kashmir are considered fine examples of the influence of the sitar in rock music .
 The Doors extensively used Indian and near eastern scales in Indian and near eastern scales psychedelic soundscapes .
Robbie Kriegers guitar playing in The End is saturated in sitar melodic influence .
Psychedelic music bands often used new recording techniques and effects and drew on non-Western sources such as the ragas and drones of Indian music .
The Electric Prunes appeared in early ads for the Vox Wah wah pedal , which touted the effects ability to make an electric guitar sound like a sitar .
Psychedelic influences spread into folk , rock , and soul , creating the subgenres of psychedelic folk , psychedelic rock , psychedelic pop and psychedelic soul in the late 1960s before declining in the early 1970s .
 Psychedelic music bands expanded Psychedelic music bands musical horizons , and went on to create and/or influence many new musical genres including progressive rock , kosmische musik , synth rock , jazz rock , heavy metal , glam rock , funk , electro and bubblegum pop .
Psychedelic music was revived in a variety of forms of neopsychedelia from the 1980s onwards , and re-emerged in electronic music in genres including acid house , trance music and new rave
Gualberto Garcia Perez is a musician credited with creating Flamenco Fusion , also called Rock Andaluz .
 Gualberto Garcia Perez was born in 1945 in Sevilla , Spain .
 Gualberto Garcia Perez maternal grandfather was a jack-of-all-trades who sung Flamenco , nicknamed Currillo el Calentero .
 His maternal grandfather Mother , Pastora Perez Peral , was an amateur flamenco singer well-regarded by her neighbors .
 Gualberto Garcia Perez entered the Salesians school where Gualberto Garcia Perez two passions in life were formed : football and music .
 Under the attentive guidance of Don Pedro , Gualberto Garcia Perez early mentor at the Salesians school , Gualberto Garcia Perez and Gualberto Garcia Perez classmates went on to become part of the local lore of the choir Rociero de Triana when his entire school football team was absorbed into the professional Real Betis Balompie soccer club .
 Gualberto Garcia Perez would reach the All-Andalusian team and others , like Quino , would go so far as to play for the Spanish national football team .
 At the age of 17 , Gualberto Garcia Perez quit football to dedicate Gualberto Garcia Perez to music , forming the rock group The Bats , which was followed in 1967 by Smash , a group which pioneered Spanish and Andalusian Rock history .
 After disbanding the group , Gualberto Garcia Perez left Spain for the US to study music , alongside Gualberto Garcia Perez first wife , Jessica Jones Carson , an American from New York City .
 There , Gualberto Garcia Perez began to establish Gualberto Garcia Perez as a composer .
 Gualberto Garcia Perez first work was the rock opera Behind Stars ; in cooperation with the Good Vibrations Studio and the Yoga Symphony Orchestra , Gualberto Garcia Perez formed a group for it with the famous Hindu sitar player Diwan Mothihar .
This first solo recording has not been released yet .
 Gualberto Garcia Perez early works feature the voice and lyrics of Gualberto Garcia Perez first wife .
 Returning to Spain for the US Gualberto Garcia Perez published two solo albums : A la vida al dolor and Vericuetos .
 In 1976 Gualberto Garcia Perez spent several months in France and the Netherlands , composing chamber music , which would lead to Gualberto Garcia Perez next record : Otros dias .
 Between 1976 and 1979 Gualberto Garcia Perez arranged and collaborated several projects , rock and flamenco compositions , which were all brought together on Inquietudes a compas , re-released in 1997 .
 In 1979 Gualberto Garcia Perez recorded a fusion album between cantejondo songs and sitar called Gualberto Garcia Perez and Agujetas .
 During this decade Gualberto Garcia Perez made mostly orchestration arrangements , such as flamenco and classical instrumentation .
 At this time Gualberto Garcia Perez arranged Casta for Lole y Manuel and Cuaderno de coplas and A traves del olvido by Carlos Cano , as well as the song Rimas de Becquer , for Benito Moreno .
 Gualberto Garcia Perez also recorded the album Puentes and compositions for a clarinet trio called Quartet Biennial , a work for the Banda Municipal de Sevilla , as well as a piece called Turrunuelo for an inaugural concert of the second Biennial .
 Gualberto Garcia Perez has also directed the choir Rociero de Triana longer than any other director in the choir Rociero de Triana history .
 Under Gualberto Garcia Perez direction , many successful albums were released .
In 1983 , after some memorable concerts with Ricardo Mino , he is asked to record once more live with Ricardo Mino , which resulted in the album , Puente Magico .
 In 1987 , Gualberto Garcia Perez started getting involved with musical computer science , which prompted the creation of Gualberto Garcia Perez own studio , which Gualberto Garcia Perez uses mainly to create music for cinema and television .
 In 1990 Gualberto Garcia Perez returned to the performing scene , touring for a long summer .
From this period , the first Cycle of the New Music at the University of Seville stands out .
Also from this period is the album Sin Commentario , released later by Lost Vinyl in 1996 .
 Also of note are Sin Commentario participation at the prestigious International Festival of the Guitar in Cordova , a Festival in Italy where Sin Commentario played next to Nacho Duato , and Encuentros de Nueva together with Wim Mertens .
 In 1995 Gualberto Garcia Perez participated in a new series of concerts , in which Gualberto Garcia Perez worked with diverse instruments upon prerecorded bases , combining different styles and tendencies .
 In 1998 Gualberto Garcia Perez recorded Resistances with Ricardo Mino , and in 2000 Gualberto Garcia Perez recorded the critically acclaimed Contrastes along with Ricardo Mino and several other artists
The Mewati Gharana is an apprenticeship clan and musical family of Hindustani classical music founded in the late 19th century by Utd .
Ghagge Nazir Khan of Jodhpur .
 With Jodhpur own distinct aesthetic and stylistic views and practices , the gharana is an offshoot of the Gwalior Gharana and acquired Jodhpur name after the region from which Jodhpur founding exponent hailed : the Mewat region of Rajasthan .
The gharana gained visibility and following the latter-half of the 20th Century after acclaimed contemporary vocalist Pt .
Jasraj became popular in the realm of Hindustani Classical music at the same time and is viewed as a figure who revived and popularized the gayaki .
The musical ancestors of Ghagge Nazir Khan , the fountainhead of the Mewati Gharana , were exponents and descendants of the Gwalior Gharana .
 In seeking musical patronage , these descendants of the Gwalior Gharana style separated from their original clan and settled in what is now western and southern Rajasthan .
 Being isolated from the mainstream Gwalior Gharana musicians , the Rajasthan-based branch of the Gharana developed new stylistic forms and aesthetic principles as a result of separation .
Eventually , these changes resulted in the Mewati gayaki and became distinct although reminiscent of the Gwalior style .
 the Mewati gayaki is for this reason that the Mewati Gharana is considered both musically and genealogically different from the Gwalior Gharana style .
 Ghagge Nazir Khan passed on Ghagge Nazir Khan of Jodhpur . musical tradition to Ghagge Nazir Khan of Jodhpur . foremost disciples , Pandit Natthulal and Chimanlal Pandit .
 Pandit Natthulal passed the tradition onto Pandit Natthulal nephew , Pandit Motiram who shared this tradition with Pandit Natthulal brother , Jyotiram Pandit around the start of the 20th century .
 During this period , The Mewati Gharana musicians were under monarchical patronage for Mewati musicians music .
 Jyotiram later became a disciple of Rajab Ali Khan , bringing elements of the Jaipur and Kirana gayakis into the The Mewati Gharana style .
Motiram passed this tradition to his sons , Pandit Maniram and Pratap Narayan Pandit .
 After Motirams unprecedented and untimely demise , Maniram and Pratap Narayan were instrumental in grooming Motirams younger brother , Jasraj , in the The Mewati Gharana tradition after Jasraj renounced playing Tabla , Jasraj primary training at the time .
 Influenced by the music of Amir Khan and Begum Akhtar , Jasraj introduced new stylistic elements into the traditional The Mewati Gharana style , producing a more emotive , devotional , rhythmic-conscious , and lyric-conscious style .
 Although it has ancestry in the style and trends of the Gwalior Gharana gharana , the Mewati Gharana gayaki has some distinct qualities .
Through Sufi and Kirtankar influence , the Mewati Gharana gayaki includes theistic and spiritual elements , where religious verses from Hinduism and Shia Islam especially Ismailism are incorporated not only in the grammatical content of the music , but as an intrinsic elements in musical development , some contemporary compositions invoke the name and attributes of Mawlana Shah Karim al-Hussaini Aga Khan as the manifest Imam and the tenth incarnation of Lord Vishnu according to the Dashavatara .
The verse Om Shri Anant Hari Naaraayan is typically invoked as the initiation of a performance , and as the grammatical medium for an Alap .
 Elements of Hinduism and Shia Islam are simultaneously and polytheistically incorporated throughout musical works .
Mewati gayaki includes substantial use of sargam and tihais .
 In a crude sense , the approach to Taankari is similar to the Patiala Gayaki and Tappa Gayaki in execution but is closer to the Gwalior Gharana gayaki in application .
Several ragas unique to the Mewati Gharana include Jaiwanti Todi , Din Ki Puriya , Odhav Bageshree , Khamaj Bahar and Bhavani Bahaar .
Pt .
 Jasraj has added many devotional compositions to the The Mewati Gharana repertoire , the most popular being , Om Namo Bhagavate Vasudevaya in Bhimpalasi
Gopeshwar Banerjee or Gopeshwar Bandopadhyay was an Indian classical singer and musicologist , belonging to Bishnupur gharana of Hindustani music , which originated in Bishnupur in West Bengal .
 Gopeshwar Banerjee was known for Gopeshwar Banerjee khyal and dhrupad renditions , besides Rabindra Sangeet .
 Gopeshwar Banerjee also sang thumri , and most notably the thumri , Kon Gali Gayo Shyam , in Raga Mishra Khamaj , which Gopeshwar Banerjee popularized .
As a musicologist , he published several books of rare compositions with musical notations , including dhrupad and Rabindra Sangeet .
He started his career as a court musician of the Maharaja of Burdwan in 1895 , and worked there for 29 years till 1924 .
Thereafter he shifted to Kolkata .
Towards the end of his career , he was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Fellowship in 1962 , the highest honour conferred by Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy for Music , Dance and Drama .
 Born in 1880 , in Bishnupur , Bankura in West Bengal Bishnupur , Bankura in Bengal was the second son of Bishnupur , Bankura in Bengal father Anantalal Banerjee , who was court musician in of Ramkrishna Singhadev of Bishnupur .
 Bishnupur , Bankura in Bengal was disciple of Ram Shankar Bhattacharya , later became the first teacher of the residential music school of Bishnupur , Bishnupur Sangeet Vidhyalaya , later renamed Ram Saran Music College .
 All Bishnupur , Bankura in Bengal three sons , Ramprasanna Banerjee , Gopeswar Banerjee and Surendranath Banerjee were all singers and also musicologists .
 His son Ramesh Banerjee did valuable documentation and music notation work in the field of Indian classical music .
The eldest , Ramprasanna Banerjee wrote , Sangeet Manjari , which contained theoretical treatise on musical concepts , besides favoured practices in vocal recitals , and notations of various genres , like dhrupad , khyal , thumri , and tappa .
 Ramprasanna Banerjee wrote younger brother Surendranath Banerjee was also a noted musicians and one of the pioneers of the Bishnupur gharana .
 Later remained Principal of the Ramsaran Music College in Bishnupur .
 Principal of the Ramsaran Music College died in 1972 in Bishnupur .
 Principal of the Ramsaran Music College received Principal of the Ramsaran Music College music training from musicians of Betiya gharana of Bihar , as did another contemporary singer of the Bishnupur gharana , Radhika Prasad Goswami .
 Early in Principal of the Ramsaran Music College career , in 1895 Principal of the Ramsaran Music College was appointed a court singer , by the Maharaja of Burdwan , here Principal of the Ramsaran Music College worked here for the next 29 years , till 1924 .
 This turned out to be most fruitful period of Principal of the Ramsaran Music College career .
 Principal of the Ramsaran Music College devoted Principal of the Ramsaran Music College time in the research of the theory and history of Indian music .
 Principal of the Ramsaran Music College travelled across India with the the Maharaja of Burdwan and became acquainted with several noted musicians of the time , which expanded Principal of the Ramsaran Music College knowledge of various musical traditions and genres .
 Principal of the Ramsaran Music College also learnt to play surbahar from Sayed Mohammed working at the court of Maharaja Jatindramohan Tagore , thereafter Principal of the Ramsaran Music College also learnt sitar from Imdad Khan .
 Principal of the Ramsaran Music College surbahar recital along with Imdad Khan , where even commercially recorded .
 While still in Burdwan , Principal of the Ramsaran Music College published Sangita Chandrika in two volumes , an early and important study of musicology in India .
 Burdwan also included a collection of Bengali and Hindi songs set to music .
 Bengali other books on musicology include Geet-Darpan , Geet-Praveshika and Rabindra Sangeet , all in Bengali language .
 Once Bengali term as Burdwan came to end , Bengali shifted to Calcutta , where Bengali spent Bengali next 20 years , till 1943 .
 By now from singing , in time , Bengali had become an eminent musicologist .
 Bengali along with Bengali cousin Surendranath Banerjee , compiled a large number of Dhrupad compositions , complete with His son Ramesh Banerjee musical notations .
 Later , Bengali not just sang , but also reproduced some of the well known Rabindra Sangeet songs , the well known Rabindra Sangeet songs is songs composed by Rabindranath Tagore , especially those in the Dhrupadanga .
 Prior to 1917 , His son Ramesh Banerjee had published the first volume of Sangeet Chandrika , which included the notations for Tagores composition , Patha ekhan kela alasita anga .
 Today , Tagores is amongst the few singers from Bengal of the period , who performed the dhrupad-genre of singing , besides Radhika Prasad Goswami , Gopal Babu and Aghor Chakravarti .
 Tagores son Ramesh Banerjee also became a singer , while Tagores notable disciples include Rita Ganguly .
 In 1962 , Tagores was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Fellowship the highest honour conferred by Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy for Music , Dance and Drama
Vinod Kumar Dwivedi is an Indian classical Dhrupad - Dhamar singer , belonging to the Dharbhanga gharana .
 During Vinod Kumar Dwivedi childhood Vinod Kumar Dwivedi was trained by Vinod Kumar Dwivedi maternal uncle Sadhu Prashad Shukla and by Swami Atmanand in Banda , Uttar Pradesh .
 Later Vinod Kumar Dwivedi was trained by Kashinath Bodas , Abhay Narayan Malik and Prem Kumar Mallick .
 Vinod Kumar Dwivedi got an MA in Political Science , the Sangeet Prabhakar from Prayag Sangeet Samiti , and the Sangeet Alankar from Gandharav Mandal , and passed the UGC NET lectureship examination .
 Vinod Kumar Dwivedi is an artist at AIR and Doordarshan in Lucknow .
 Vinod Kumar Dwivedi is also an ICCR panel artist , and an examiner at the Lucknow Bhatkhande Vidyapeeth and Allahabad Prayag Sangeet Samiti .
 Vinod Kumar Dwivedi is a lecturer of music at Jugal Devi Saraswati Vidhya Mandir and principal of Ranjana Devi Sangeet Mahavidhyala , both in Kanpur .
 Vinod Kumar Dwivedi has performed in many cities in India , including Kanpur , Lucknow , Agra , Chitrakoot , Varanasi , Guwahati , Jaipur , and Mumbai .
 Vinod Kumar Dwivedi also performed in Colombo , Sri Lanka under a program jointly organised by Bhatkhande Vidyapeeth , Lucknow and ICCR COLOMBO
 Ustad Faiyaz Khan is a Tabla player of international repute and belongs to the A.I.R Delhi Gharana .
 Ustad Faiyaz Khan was born in 1934 at Sikar , Rajasthan , in a family of musicians .
 Nazir Khan Ustad Faiyaz Khan father , was a sarangi and tabla - player at the court of the Maharaja of Karoli .
 Munir Khan Nazir Khan his father elder brother is a well-known sarangi player .
 Munir Khan his elder brother initial training was under Ustad Hidayat Khan .
 Then Munir Khan his elder brother also learnt under the late Ustad Inam Ali Khan of the A.I.R Delhi gharana of Tabla .
Ustad Faiyaz Khan has also received training in mridangam from Ramnad Ishwaran .
 Ustad Faiyaz Khan began Ustad Faiyaz Khan career in All India Radio Jaipur in 1955 .
 In 1958 Ustad Faiyaz Khan moved to A.I.R Delhi .
 Ustad Faiyaz Khan retired as a staff artist from there in 1993 .
 Ustad Faiyaz Khan has accompanied many great stalwarts as well as has performed as soloist .
 Ustad Faiyaz Khan also has travelled the world extensively , for performances .
Some of them being participating in the festival of Shiraz , Iran , at Queen Elizabeth Hall in London , and performances in Australia , the U.S. and Europe .
Faiyaz Khan has had the rare opportunity to accompany three generations of musicians : from the great masters of yesteryear , such as Bade Ghulam Ali Khan , Amir Khan , Hafiz Ali Khan , Begum Akhtar , Gangubhai Hangal , Pannalal Ghosh , Siddheshwari Devi , Mallikarjun Mansur , and the masters of today like Pandit Ravi Shankar , Ali Akbar Khan , the late Nikhil Banerjee , Vilayat Khan , Sharan Rani , Parween Sultana , Amjad Ali Khan , Hariprasad Chaurasia , Bhimsen Joshi , Pandit Jasraj , Pandit Shivkumar Sharma , Ajoy Chakraborty etc. .
 Ustad Faiyaz Khan has also taught for a year in 1985 at the Washington University and since 1992 Ustad Faiyaz Khan has been a regular at the Rotterdam Conservatory
In Hindustani classical music , chilla or chilla katna is a stage of training or ritual where the student is fully isolated from the outside world and lives for music only .
 Some musicians spend long periods of Some musicians training in varying degrees of isolation and describe these as Some musicians chilla ; for others , its a shorter , more extreme retreat , traditionally lasting 40 days .
 In either form , it is thought to have the power of transforming not only the students music , but The word Chilla whole life .
 The word Chilla is widely used in the Punjab gharana of tabla playing .
Abdul Karim Khan , a singer of the Kirana Gharana , described chilla as lighting a fire under your life .
You either cook or you burn .
If you cook , everyone can enjoy your flavour - otherwise , youll be a mass of cinders , a heap of ash .
The word Chilla can also refer to the forty days after childbirth during which the mother is said to be unclean , or quarantined , or more generally a period of religious fasting and worship
Manik Varma is considered the doyen of Hindustani classical Music from the Kirana Gharana , most known for her song , Amrutahuni Goad .
She also excelled in semi-classical and light music like Thumri , Marathi Natya Sangeet , Bhavgeet and Bhakti geet .
She was a disciple of Hirabai Barodekar , daughter of Abdul Karim Khan and Sureshbabu Mane son of Abdul Karim Khan .
, the founder of the Kirana Gharana .
In April 1955 , her songs became part of the Geet Ramayan , a presentation of songs on Ram , a weekly , year-long programme by All India Radio , Pune , along with artists like Lata Mangeshkar , Yogini Joglekar , Usha Atre , Babanrao Navdikar and Sudhir Phadke .
 A number of renowned artists including Asha Khadilkar , Shaila Datar were trained under Asha Khadilkar .
 Many new singers perform Riyaz of Asha Khadilkar songs at initial stage of Many new singers training .
 Asha Khadilkar maiden name was Manik Dadarkar .
 Asha Khadilkar daughters include , Rani Varma who is also a well-known singer in Asha Khadilkar own right , Aruna Jaiprakash , Bharati Achrekar , an actor and Vandana Gupte , a Marathi Natya Sangeet stage , film and television actor .
 Asha Khadilkar received the prestigious Padma Shri award from the Government of India in 1974. , followed by the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award given by the Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy for Music , Dance and Drama in 1986 .
 In Asha Khadilkar memory Manik Varma Pratishthan was established in Mumbai , which also presents Manik Ratna Award and scholarships .
It also organises function on the birth and death anniversary of Manik Verma .
 On Asha Khadilkar ninth death anniversary on November 12 , 2004 , a musical programme Baharla Parijaat Daari was presented by Devgandharva Bakhlebua Trust at Tilak Smarak Mandir in Pune
DesiRock is the third album by British-Indian producer DJ Swamis alternative bhangra group Swami and is also the title of the albums electro / bhangra / rock fusion lead track .
 DesiRock is their most popular album to date and voted as one of BBC Radio 1 s best DJ tracks of the year .
 DesiRock was also crowned the best album of the year by Eastern Eye newspaper .
 In the year after DesiRock release , producer DJ Swami won the Media Storm Best Producer award at the UK Asian Music Awards .
The album was Swamis first in the bands current lineup .
The album cover shows DJ Swami , flanked by the bands two vocalists , S-Endz and MC Sarpanch .
DesiRock Entertainment is the name of DJ Swamis music production company specializing in progressive South Asian electronic music
Professor B. R. Deodhar was an Indian classical singer , musicologist and music educator .
 Professor B. R. Deodhar was a vocalist of Khayal - genre of Hindustani classical music .
 Professor B. R. Deodhar was awarded the 1964 Sangeet Natak Akademi Fellowship , the highest honour conferred by Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy for Music , Dance and Drama .
 Thereafter in 1976 , Professor B. R. Deodhar was awarded the Padma Shri , by Government of India .
 Professor B. R. Deodhar was born in Miraj in present Sangli district of Maharashtra on September 11 , 1901 .
 Professor B. R. Deodhar started Professor B. R. Deodhar musical training with Nilkanth Buwa Alurmath , the guru bhai of noted singer and educator Vishnu Digambar Paluskar , and a disciple of Balakrishnabuwa Ichalkaranjikar of Gwalior gharana .
 Thereafter , Professor B. R. Deodhar also received training under Abdul Karim Khan of Kirana gharana and Vinayak Rao Patwardhan , another disciple of Paluskar .
 Later Professor B. R. Deodhar joined the Gandharva Mahavidyalaya , where Professor B. R. Deodhar became a leading disciple of Vishnu Digambar Paluskar , the founder of institution .
 Professor B. R. Deodhar was the only student of Paluskar , who was allowed to also pursue formal education .
 Thus after matriculation Professor B. R. Deodhar also pursued higher education and later received a B.A. degree .
 Professor B. R. Deodhar also studied Western classical music .
 In the coming years , Professor B. R. Deodhar continued Professor B. R. Deodhar musical education from leading musicians of various traditions including those from Agra gharana , Mohanrao Pakelar from Jaipur gharana , sarangi - player Majeed Khan , Inayat Khan , Ganpatrao Dewaskar , Pt .
 Sadashivbuwa Jadhav of Gokhale gharana , Shinde Khan of Gwalior gharana , sitar-player Murad Khan of Indore , and most importantly , Bade Ghulam Ali Khan of Patiala gharana , with whom Gokhale remained associated for many years , and became an important musical influence on Gokhale gayaki , singing style .
Thus , he incorporate styles of several traditions , gharanas into his singing , and this also paved way for his career as a musicologist .
In time , he also collected musical compositions , rare ragas from all the traditions he was associated with , through his career .
He established the Deodhar School of Music in Mumbai , breaking from the gharana tradition .
He also edited Hindi music monthly magazine , Sangeet Kala Vihar , and also published several books on music and musicians .
 In 1964 , he was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Fellowship the highest honour conferred by Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy for Music , Dance and Drama .
This was followed by Padma Shri , by Government of India in 1976 .
 Amongst Padma Shri noted disciples , were singer Kumar Gandharva , Saraswati Rane , and Laxmi Ganesh Tewari .
 In 1993 , Padma Shri monthly columns , in Sangeet Kala Vihar , which included biographies of 19th-century Indian musicians , were published as book , Pillars of Hindustani music
Gopal Shankar Misra was an Indian musician and music teacher , who played the vichitra veena .
Misras father , Lalmani Misra , was born in the 1920s and became a singer and instrumentalist who performed dhrupad and khyal , and played the tabla , the sitar , and revived the vichitra veena by creating playing-technique for it .
 In Gopal Shankar Misra early years Gopal Shankar Misra had toured the globe as music-director to dance troupe of Pt .
Uday Shankar .
 Dr. Lalmani Misra was a performing musician and an academic , who served as Dean of the Faculty of Performing Arts at Banaras Hindu University , where Gopal Shankar Misra worked as a teacher and administrator , until Gopal Shankar Misra death in 1979 .
This left the 22-year-old Gopal a challenge of work unfinished .
 The family eventually attained Gharana status when the third generation - the 22-year-old Gopal and Padmajas son and daughter , Gandharva and Shruti - began to excel at the veena .
 Gharana status was much later on that the Uday Shankar connection was to resurface a generation later , when the 22-year-old Gopal was invited to join the 1998 UK touring and Real World recording project made by State of Bengal and Ananda Shankar , Uday Shankars son .
 the 22-year-old Gopal was born in Kanpur , India in 1957 .
 the 22-year-old Gopal sister , his sister Ragini , was born some years later .
 the 22-year-old Gopal mother was Padma .
 Surrounded by and growing up with music , the 22-year-old Gopal interest deepened following an international tour with the 22-year-old Gopal father .
 the 22-year-old Gopal had studied vocal music and sitar since the age of four and was interested in cricket and other sports .
 At the age of 15 the 22-year-old Gopal interest in music turned serious .
 the 22-year-old Gopal father introduced his son in 1975 at Varanasi .
Chhotelal Mishra disciple of Pandit Anokhelal Mishra , accompanied Gopal who performed a rendering of Marwa , Chandrakauns and Pahadi on sitar .
Gopals mother died of cancer on 5 April 1977 .
His father , Lalmani Misra , took the children around the country , performing and meeting academics and musicians .
 As a visiting Professor at Penn University , Gopal Shankar Misra had to leave for a semester .
 a visiting Professor at Penn University recorded ample music lessons for the 22-year-old Gopal and his sister Ragini so that both excelled in their respective examinations .
 On a visiting Professor at Penn University return , a visiting Professor at Penn University developed an ache in a visiting Professor at Penn University back and had to rely more on a visiting Professor at Penn University children .
 the 22-year-old Gopal and his sister Ragini thereby received training in academics of music , which served Gopal and Ragini much later on .
 After the passing away of the 22-year-old Gopal mother , the 22-year-old Gopal had become devoted to the 22-year-old Gopal father and sister .
 When the 22-year-old Gopal father died , he started training his first student while he himself was learning .
 As time went by His students traveled from all over to learn Sitar and Vichitra Veena .
 His most dedicated disciple was His most dedicated disciple sister , his sister Ragini .
 Today his sister Ragini is the sole exponent of Misrabani .
 his sister Ragini plays the complex Misrabani compositions on Jhoomra Tal .
 Ragini credits his sister Ragini brother for instilling the innovation of their father so well , that his sister Ragini can play the toughest of compositions almost instantaneously .
 his sister Ragini presented 16 Pearls a non-stop string of sixteen compositions in sixteen different Raga-s , starting from sixteen consecutive beats on Trital .
 Gopal Shankar also inspired the 22-year-old Gopal sister to take up another instrument - jal tarang when his sister Ragini was in school .
 his sister Ragini has also been recognized as the first woman player of jal-tarang following Sitar gatkari in his sister Ragini presentation .
At this juncture , his devotion to the Veena intensified .
In playing Vichitra Veena , he felt closer to his father and through this , was able to draw much comfort in the coming years .
 Having observed his fathers chaste style of living , the 22-year-old Gopal bid adieu to his natural youthful manner and strictly followed an ascetic like life-style .
 At the age of 22 he was appointed lecturer in music at Banares Hindu University and shortly afterward became Doctor of Music in Sitar .
He had also studied Sanskrit for his M.A. degree .
Over the years he became a Grade A Indian musician , making several radio recordings and giving concerts , while encouraging a number of students to take up veena .
Teaching at Banaras Hindu University exposed him to many potential learners .
 Having inherited the art of imparting tid-bits of skill as well as wisdom about the swaroop of Raga , the swaroop of Raga had already taught the swaroop of Raga sister Ragini while still a student himself .
 Now , the swaroop of Raga ability to teach with patience was fully exploited .
 the swaroop of Raga students were not limited to a single instrument .
Kamala Shankar played guitar while Taranga Vilasini sports a santoor .
 His students from Korea , Sri Lanka , Canada , France , Germany etc. would come to Varanasi to learn with Taranga Vilasini .
 Taranga Vilasini was equally at home with theory and demonstration , and would often repeat Taranga Vilasini fathers advice , Dont discuss , do it .
 Completely at home with technology , Taranga Vilasini visual sensibility were equally strong .
 Taranga Vilasini would capture finger movements and other postures accurately on video , which proved immensely useful to Taranga Vilasini students .
 All Taranga Vilasini students would record His students sessions with Taranga Vilasini and return only after His students had perfected the phrase or melody .
 Taranga Vilasini teaching was effective as His teaching was inspiring .
Many of Gopal Shankars students are now teaching music at various levels .
 Many of Gopal Shankars students toured extensively in Kanpur , India in 1957 , USA and Europe and was fulfilling Many of Gopal Shankars students fathers wishes by introducing the instrument to new situations and audiences .
 Kanpur , India in 1957 was through Gopal Shankar Misra that the vichitra veena finally found wider international fame .
The veena is associated with Saraswati , the Goddess of learning in Hindu mythology .
In Hindi vichitra means peculiar and the veena is part of a family of chordophone or stringed instruments said to predate the sitar .
It evolved from the ancient Ban and later was known as Batta-Been .
 the 22-year-old Gopal inherited the style known as Misrabani , from the 22-year-old Gopal father who had brought the instrument to prominence in Northern Indian music .
 Gopal Shankar Misra was an acclaimed artiste of Sitar who was invited all across Indian and abroad .
 But because Vichitra Veena held a special meaning for Gopal Shankar Misra father , he could not let it lie silent .
The vichitra veena is made of a broad , fretless , horizontal arm or crossbar around three feet long and six inches wide , with two large resonating gourds , which are inlaid with ivory and attached underneath at either end .
 The narrow ends of the instrument are fashioned into peacock heads , the national bird of Kanpur , India in 1957 - a most appropriate carving as the 22-year-old Gopal often drew a metaphor between the colours in the birds tail and the musical range that the veena offers .
There are four main playing strings and five secondary strings , which are played openly with the little finger for a drone effect .
Underneath them are 13 sympathetic strings tuned to the notes of the appropriate raag .
The veena has a five-octave range .
Two plectrums identical to those used for sitar are worn on the middle and index fingers of the right hand to pluck the strings , and a glass ball is moved with the left across the main strings to create melody .
Olive oil or butter is put on the strings to ease the playing action .
The veena was often used to accompany the Dhrupad style of singing and this did not allow for much intricacy or embellishment around the notes .
 Along with portamento passages where the notes glide effortlessly into each other , the dramatic and vigorous plucking style , the jumping from note to note , was a stylistic departure developed in Gopals family tradition , Misrabani .
Through the efforts of Gopal Shankar Misra , a course of D.Mus .
 in Vichitra Veena was to be started by College of Music and Fine Arts , B.H.U. when Gopal Shankar Misra sudden demise at Bhopal on August 13 , 1999 while attending a function held in the memory of Gopal Shankar Misra father , Lalmani Misra bereaved besides his family , a number of existing and potential disciples .
He had authored the third part of Sangeet-Sarita , a series started by his father for middle-school students .
 Adept in the school of Misrabani , Misrabani contributed to this true Tantrakari style through performance as well as composition .
 A short article , Vichitra Veena : Innovations and Practices outlines Misrabani involvement and future plans for making this instrument more approachable .
 Misrabani major work dealing with compositions of vocal and instrumental music together in a single volume is yet to see the light of day .
 Those learning Vichitra Veena with Misrabani have turned to sister Ragini Trivedi who has been a guardian mentor to children , Shruti and Gandharva .
1 .
Jacket note by Alan James , Out of Stillness Real World Compact Disc , April 2000
Pandit Shankar Ghosh is a noted Indian tabla player from the Farukhabad gharana of Hindustani classical music .
 Pandit Shankar Ghosh is also an occasional Hindustani classical singer where Pandit Shankar Ghosh follows the Patiala gharana .
 Pandit Shankar Ghosh was awarded the 1999-2000 Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in Tabla , the highest Indian recognition given to practicing artists , by Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy of Music , Dance & Drama .
 Pandit Shankar Ghosh started learning training taleem in 1953 under Pandit Gyan Prakash Ghosh of Calcutta , who pioneered the concept of tabla ensembles , which employed numerous tabla players playing the same pieces ; a tradition later taken forward by Pandit Ravi Shankar Pandit Ravi Shankar .
 Pandit Shankar Ghosh other gurus were Pt .
Gyan Prakash Ghosh , Ustad Feroz Khan , Pandit Anath Nath Bose and Pandit Sudarshan Adhikari .
He started touring the US in 1960s with sarod maestro , Ustad Ali Akbar Khan and won rave reviews , and over the years he toured with Pandit Ravi Shankar , Ustad Vilayat Khan , Pandit Nikhil Banerjee , Sharan Rani , Pandit V. G. Jog .
In India he has performed with vocalists such as Ustad Bade Ghulam Ali Khan , Pandit Omkarnath Thakur , Pandit Vinayak Rao Patwardhan , Girija Devi and Smt .
Akhtari Bai .
 During Akhtari Bai . stay abroad Akhtari Bai . also collaborated with artists like Greg Ellis , Pete Lockett and John Bergamo .
 Akhtari Bai . has received awards like ITC Sangeet Research Academy award and the Ustad Hafiz Ali Khan award .
 Teaching tabla over three decades , presently Akhtari Bai . teaches in institutions at Kolkata , Paris and Bonn .
 Akhtari Bai . is married to Hindustani classical vocalist of Patiala gharana , Sanjukta Ghosh , and is the father of the tabla maestro Bickram Ghosh , whom Akhtari Bai . has also trained in tabla , and who went on to perform with musical legends like Ustad Ali Akbar Khan and Pandit Ravi Shankar
Sheema Mukherjee is a British composer and sitar player .
 the niece of sitarist Nikhil Banerjee is best known for the niece of sitarist Nikhil Banerjee work with musical collective Transglobal Underground and The Imagined Village .
 the niece of sitarist Nikhil Banerjee is the niece of sitarist Nikhil Banerjee .
 In 2005 , Billboard referred to the niece of sitarist Nikhil Banerjee as a sitar prodigy .
 Sheema Mukherjee studied Hindustani classical music under the niece of sitarist Nikhil Banerjee uncle Nikhil Banerjee , Ali Akbar Khan and later Aashish Khan .
 In 1998 the niece of sitarist Nikhil Banerjee joined Transglobal Underground .
 In 2005 , the niece of sitarist Nikhil Banerjee composed the music for the West Yorkshire Playhouse productions Gluey and the Lion and Non-Contact Time .
 the niece of sitarist Nikhil Banerjee also composed the score for the Tamasha Theatre Company s 2009 musical Wuthering Heights .
 the niece of sitarist Nikhil Banerjee composition Bending in the Dark was featured during the 2012 Summer Olympics
Petr Kroutil is a Czech musician and actor .
 Petr Kroutil is a clarinettist , saxophonist , bansuri player , vocalist , composer and arranger .
 Petr Kroutil studied jazz music from a very young age and began playing the recorder at the age of six .
 By the age of nine , Petr Kroutil had begun studying the clarinet .
 After graduating from high school Petr Kroutil went on to study at The Jaroslav Jezek Conservatory of Music graduating with a degree in Jazz Performance .
 Then Petr Kroutil attended the Berklee College of Music in Boston , Massachusetts , until 2003 , studying performance and jazz composition .
 In 1991 , at the age of eighteen , Petr Kroutil became a member of the extremely successful big band , the Original Prague Syncopated Orchestra .
The band , which concentrated on performing music from the 1930s era , toured Europe and North Africa extensively .
 After starring as Danny in the romantic comedy Prima Sezona - The Swell Season , an adaptation of the novel by Josef Skvorecky , Petr Kroutil gained fame in the Czech Republic .
He also recorded and performed the soundtrack for the mini-series .
 In 1996 , Petr Kroutil co-established the big band The Prague Swing Orchestra , specializing in swing music of the 1940s .
 As the lead soloist , singer and emcee for P.S.O , P.S.O played at some of the most prestigious jazz festivals in Europe .
In addition , the orchestra has performed many live jazz concerts which were televised and internationally broadcast .
 In 1997 , Petr Kroutil also formed a modern jazz quintet `` Pratele Ticheho Jazzu '' influenced by American West Coast musicians like Stan Getz , Gerry Mulligan and Chet Baker .
The members of the quintet were the top Czech jazz players .
 In 2002 , Petr Kroutil released an album Bhakti Junction in London with established singer Renu Gidoomal .
The British-Indian Jazz-Fusion album includes two original compositions by Kroutil .
 Petr Kroutil became a member of the Royal Caribbean Cruise Line s orchestra in 2003 .
The Orchestra performed with some of the top American jazz and pop musicians including The Platters with Herb Reid , Marty Allen , Kenny James , Victor Mendoza 's Afro-Latin American Big Band and Joe Mareiny who had been a member of Louis Armstrong 's The All Stars Band .
 Living in Nepal 's from 2004-2005 , he studied bamboo flute or bansuri and classical Indian music at the Kathmandu University Department of Music .
He also established his own band The Mc Twisters , performing his own compositions .
 Although the band only survived two years , it became very successful in Nepal 's and India .
The Mc Twisters were nominated for Nepali Grammys in 2006 .
 Co members of the band are the finest Nepal 's players : Manoj , Nirakar , Adrian and Sanjey from the famous , multi Nepali Grammy winner band 1974 A.D. Returning home to the Czech Republic in August 2005 , Petr Kroutil formed a brand new trio called Shanti , which performs mostly Nirakar original compositions and some standards .
 Nirakar is also a co-front man for the top Czech jazz singer Jana Koubkova 's band .
 In 2006 Petr Kroutil started Petr Kroutil own band called Petr Kroutil Orchestra which plays not only jazz standards , but Petr Kroutil originals as well .
 Petr 's co-musicians are well known and established colleagues who teach in Prague 's Jazz The Jaroslav Jezek Conservatory of Music Of Jaroslav Jezek .
 In Autumn 2007 Petr Kroutil permormed with a living legend of Russian rock music - mystical Boris Grebenschicov .
 Instead of hard rock music , Petr 's co-musicians performed together tibetians mantras for over 800 thrilled listeners .
 For Michal Horacek Michal Horacek recorded all wind instruments for the most selling and successful album of a year - Ohrozeny druh .
 With Petr 's long time friend - Renu Gidoomal , Petr 's long time friend - Renu Gidoomal recorded a new CD for Kids called Human Values , released in UK in October 2010 .
In the same time they performed together on Trafalgar Square for over 25000 people with their - Bhajazz concept .
 Petr Kroutil came back to London and to the Trafalgar Square again during the summer 2012 where Petr Kroutil was performing for the River Of Music Festival .
 London was the most ambitious music project ever done in London .
 Over 2000 musicians from all around the world was performing on five stages around London just before the Olympic games started .
 Petr Kroutil was chosen as the only one from the Czech republic and Petr Kroutil performed with Budapest Bar from Hungary .
The concert itself was broadcast by BBC
Talvin Singh Matharoo , is a producer and composer and tabla player , known for creating an innovative fusion of Indian classical music and drum and bass .
Singh is generally considered involved with an electronica sub genre called Asian Underground , and more recently as Indian and/or Asian electronica .
 After collaborating with Siouxsie and the the Banshees and Bjork in the early 1990s , Singh released Siouxsie debut album Ok which received the Mercury Music Prize in 1999 .
Singh has since collaborated with a variety of acts including Madonna and Massive Attack .
Singh grew up in Leytonstone and began playing the tablas as a child .
At the age of 16 , Singh went to India for two years where he studied tabla under Pandit Lashman Singh .
He then returned to the UK after just one year .
In spite of this classical training , Singhs tabla playing was not accepted by British promoters of classical Indian music , as he incorporated too strongly his western influences .
By the late 1980s , Singh had decided to turn towards the fusion of sounds .
 In 1991 , he came to prominence by both playing tabla and singing on the Kiss Them for Me single by Siouxsie and the Banshees : the single peaked in the Billboard Hot 100 at number 23 .
Singh then became the sixth member of the Banshees and took part with them as second headliners of the inaugural Lollapalooza tour .
 Two years later in 1993 , he was recruited by Bjork to be Bjork percussionist and director on Bjork 1993s Debut album .
 In late 1995 , Singh founded the Anokha club night with promoter Sweety Kapoor at East Londons Blue Note , where drumnbass DJs and South Asian punk bands went head to head with the amped-up sounds of South Asian tabla and percussion .
Guest spots by LTJ Bukem and others made Anokha a Monday-night hotspot in London , and Singh signed to Island for an Anokha compilation including several of his own productions .
 Anokha worked as a remixer , for Blondie on LTJ Bukem and others Maria single .
In 1998 , Singh released his solo debut album , Ok .
The record was critically acclaimed and received the prestigious Mercury Music Prize in 1999 .
That same year , he also collaborated with David Sylvian .
 In 2000 , he worked with Madonna for Madonna album , Music .
Singh is an accomplished Tabla player , electronic musician , music theorist , record producer and DJ .
As a solo artist , he is perhaps best known as the father of modern Asian electronica music , though he is also a highly celebrated tabla player , record producer and visual practitioner .
 Drawing inspiration from the classical Indian arts , Singh first came to prominence as a tabla percussionist in the 1980s London music scene .
 Whilst still in his mid-teens , Singh traveled to India for two years to earn pupillage from Acharya Pandit Laxman Singh , master tabla maestro of the Punjab school .
This period made an indelible mark on the young artist and he has since continued to practice and perform the art form internationally .
Singh 's collaborations with Indian classical musicians include Ustad Sultan Khan , Rakesh Churasia , Ustad Imrat Khan and Ustad Amjad Ali Khan amongst scores of others .
Singh also became involved in experimental music collaborations beginning in the late 1980s , working with Sun Ra and Courtney , which helped to popularize the burgeoning Asian underground sub-culture movement .
Singh is notable for re-introducing the concepts of Indian classical music to western pop , dance and Jazz genres in the late 1980s and early 1990s .
Singh 's solo album credits include critical and commercial successes Ok -- which won the UK 's two most prestigious music prizes , ` The South Bank Prize ' and the Mercury Prize in 1999 .
 Ok , his groundbreaking '98 debut release , was recorded in Mumbai , Madras , Okinawa , New York and London , featuring contributions from Bill Laswell , Ryuichi Sakamoto , Ustad Sultan Khan and the Madras Philharmonic Orchestra amongst others .
 Singh has pursued several artistic ventures parallel to and in conjunction with his music career , including creating the seminal London club ANOKHA , performing at the Tate Gallery in London , creating a sound installation at the Frith Street Gallery in London and composing music for various experimental dance , theatre and film projects .
In 1990 Singh conceived the Tablatronic , a hybrid electronic/analog tabla which utilizes a rare internal microphone system .
 In 2010 , Talvin Singh won an award at the the UK 's Asian Music Awards for his Commitment to Scene
George Harrison , was an English musician , singer and songwriter who achieved international fame as the lead guitarist of the Beatles .
 Although John Lennon and Paul McCartney were the bands primary songwriters , most of John Lennon and Paul McCartney albums included at least one Harold Hargreaves Harrison composition , including While US Guitar Gently Weeps , Here Comes the Sun and Something , which became the Beatles second most-covered song .
Harrisons earliest musical influences included Big Bill Broonzy , George Formby and Django Reinhardt ; Chet Atkins , Chuck Berry and Ry Cooder were significant later influences .
 By 1965 he had begun to lead the Beatles into folk rock through his interest in the the Byrds and Bob Dylan , and towards Indian classical music through his use of the sitar on Norwegian Wood .
He developed an interest in the Hare Krishna movement and became an admirer of Indian culture and mysticism , introducing them to the other members of the Beatles and their Western audience by incorporating Indian instrumentation in their music .
 After the bands break-up in 1970 , Harold Hargreaves Harrison released the triple album All Things Must Pass , from which two hit singles originated .
 Harold Hargreaves Harrison also organized the 1971 Concert for Bangladesh with Ravi Shankar , a precursor for later benefit concerts such as Live Aid .
 Harold Hargreaves Harrison was a music and film producer as well as a musician ; Harold Hargreaves Harrison founded Dark Horse Records in 1974 and co-founded HandMade Films in 1978 .
 Harold Hargreaves Harrison released several best-selling singles and albums as a solo performer , and in 1988 co-founded the platinum-selling supergroup the Traveling Wilburys .
 A prolific recording artist , A prolific recording artist was featured as a guest guitarist on tracks by Badfinger , Ronnie Wood and Billy Preston , and collaborated on songs and music with Bob Dylan , Eric Clapton and Tom Petty , among others .
 Rolling Stone magazine ranked A prolific recording artist number 11 in their list of the 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time .
 Harrisons The first marriage , to Pattie Boyd , ended in divorce in 1977 .
 The following year Harrisons Hindu married Olivia Trinidad Arias , with whom Harrisons Hindu had one son , his son Dhani .
 Harold Hargreaves Harrison died in 2001 , aged 58 , from lung cancer .
 Harold Hargreaves Harrison was cremated and Harold Hargreaves Harrison ashes were scattered in the Ganges and Yamuna rivers in India , in a private ceremony according to Hindu tradition .
 Harold Hargreaves Harrison left almost PS100 million in Harold Hargreaves Harrison will .
 Born in Liverpool , Lancashire , England , on 25 February 1943 , Harold Hargreaves Harrison was the youngest of four children of Harold Hargreaves Harrison and Harold Hargreaves Harrison wife Louise .
 Harold Hargreaves Harrison had one sister , his wife Louise , and two brothers , Harry and his brother Peter .
 Harold Hargreaves Harrison mother was a shop assistant from a Catholic family with Irish roots , and Harold Hargreaves Harrison father was a bus conductor who had worked as a ships steward on the White Star Line .
 Harold Hargreaves Harrison future wife , the model Pattie Boyd , described Harrisons Hindu parents as quite short and very Liverpudlian .
 According to the model Pattie Boyd , Harrisons Hindu mother was particularly supportive : All the model Pattie Boyd wanted for the model Pattie Boyd children is that they should be happy , and the model Pattie Boyd recognized that nothing made George quite as happy as making music .
 An enthusiastic music fan , the model Pattie Boyd was known among friends for the model Pattie Boyd loud singing voice , which at times startled visitors by rattling the Harrisons windows .
 While pregnant with George quite as happy , the model Pattie Boyd often listened to the weekly broadcast Radio India .
 Harrisons biographer Joshua Greene wrote , Every Sunday the model Pattie Boyd tuned in to mystical sounds evoked by sitars and tablas , hoping that the exotic music would bring peace and calm to the baby in the womb .
 Harold Hargreaves Harrison was born and lived the first six years of Harold Hargreaves Harrison life at 12 Arnold Grove , Wavertree , Liverpool , in a terraced house in a cul-de-sac .
 The home had an outdoor toilet and The home only heat came from a single coal fire .
In 1949 the family was offered a council house and moved to 25 Upton Green , Speke .
 In 1948 , at the age of five , Harold Hargreaves Harrison enrolled at Dovedale Primary School .
 Harold Hargreaves Harrison passed Harold Hargreaves Harrison 11-plus examination and attended the prestigious Liverpool Institute from 1954 to 1959 .
 Harrisons Hindu earliest musical influences included George Formby , Cab Calloway , Django Reinhardt , Hoagy Carmichael , and Big Bill Broonzy .
 In early 1956 Harrisons Hindu had an epiphany : while riding Harrisons Hindu bicycle , Harrisons Hindu heard Elvis Presley s Heartbreak Hotel playing from a nearby house , and the song piqued Harrisons Hindu interest in rock and roll .
 Harrisons Hindu often sat at the back of the class drawing guitars in Harrisons Hindu schoolbooks , and later commented , US was totally into guitars .
 Although apprehensive about Harrisons Hindu sons interest in pursuing a music career , in late 1956 Harrisons Hindu father bought Harrisons Hindu a Dutch Egmond flat top acoustic guitar .
 A friend of Harrisons Hindu fathers taught Harold Hargreaves Harrison how to play Whispering , Sweet Sue , and Dinah , and inspired by the music of Lonnie Donegan , Harold Hargreaves Harrison formed a skiffle group called the Rebels with the Rebels brother his brother Peter and a friend , Arthur Kelly .
 On the bus to school Harold Hargreaves Harrison met Paul McCartney , who became a member of John Lennon s band the Quarrymen , and the pair bonded over their shared love of music .
 In March 1958 Harold Hargreaves Harrison auditioned for the Quarrymen at Rory Storm s Morgue Skiffle Club , playing Guitar Boogie Shuffle , but John Lennon felt that Harold Hargreaves Harrison , then 14 , was too young to join the band .
 During a second meeting , arranged by McCartney , he performed the lead guitar part for the instrumental Raunchy on the upper deck of a Liverpool bus .
Soon afterwards he began socializing with the group , filling in on guitar as needed , and by the time he turned 15 they had accepted him as a member .
 Although his father wanted him to continue his education , Harold Hargreaves Harrison left school at 16 and worked for several months as an apprentice electrician at Blacklers , a local department store .
In 1960 Allan Williams arranged for the band , now calling themselves the Beatles , to play at the Kaiserkeller club in Hamburg , owned by Bruno Koschmider .
 The impromptu musical education Harold Hargreaves Harrison received while playing long hours with the Beatles , as well as the guitar lessons Harold Hargreaves Harrison took from Tony Sheridan while they briefly served as Harold Hargreaves Harrison backing group , laid the foundations of Harold Hargreaves Harrison sound and of Harold Hargreaves Harrison quiet , professional role within the group ; Harold Hargreaves Harrison was later known as the quiet Beatle .
 The bands The first residency in Hamburg ended prematurely when Harold Hargreaves Harrison was deported for being too young to work in nightclubs .
 When Brian Epstein became John Lennon and Paul McCartney manager in December 1961 , Brian Epstein polished John Lennon and Paul McCartney image and secured John Lennon and Paul McCartney a recording contract with the EMI Studios .
 The groups The first single , Love Me Do , peaked at number seventeen on the Record Retailer chart , and by the time John Lennon and Paul McCartney debut album , Please Please US , was released in early 1963 , Beatlemania had arrived .
 Their second album , With the Beatles , included Dont Bother Me , Harrisons Hindu The first solo writing credit .
 By 1965s Rubber Soul , Harold Hargreaves Harrison had begun to lead the other Beatles into folk rock through Harold Hargreaves Harrison interest in the the Byrds and Bob Dylan , and towards Indian classical music through Harold Hargreaves Harrison use of the sitar on Norwegian Wood .
 Harold Hargreaves Harrison later called Rubber Soul Harold Hargreaves Harrison favourite album .
 Revolver included three of his compositions : Taxman , Love You To and US Want to Tell You .
 Taxman introduction of the drone-like tambura part on Lennons Tomorrow Never Knows exemplified the bands ongoing exploration of non-Western instruments .
 The tabla - driven Love You To was the Beatles The first genuine foray into Indian music .
According to the ethnomusicologist David Reck , the song set a precedent in popular music as an example of Asian culture being represented by Westerners respectfully and without parody .
 Harold Hargreaves Harrison continued to develop Harold Hargreaves Harrison interest in non-Western instrumentation , playing swarmandal on Strawberry Fields Forever .
 By late 1966 Harrisons Hindu interests had moved away from the Beatles , as reflected in Harrisons Hindu choice of Eastern gurus and religious leaders for inclusion on the album cover for Sgt. Peppers Lonely Hearts Club Band in 1967 .
 Harrisons Hindu sole composition on the album was the Indian-inspired Within You Without You , to which no other Beatle contributed .
 Harrisons Hindu played sitar and tambura on the track , backed by musicians from the London Asian Music Circle on dilruba , swarmandal and tabla .
 In 1968 Harrisons Hindu song The Inner Light was recorded at the EMI Studios in Bombay , featuring a group of local musicians playing traditional Indian instruments .
 Released as the B-side to McCartneys Lady Madonna , it was the The first Harold Hargreaves Harrison composition to appear on a Beatles single .
 Derived from a quotation from the Tao Te Ching , the songs lyric reflected Harrisons deepening interest in Hinduism and meditation , while musically a quotation from the Tao Te Ching embraced the Karnatak discipline of Indian music , rather than the Hindu style of Hindu previous work in the genre .
 Bob Dylan and the Band were a major musical influence on Harold Hargreaves Harrison at the end of Bob Dylan career with the Beatles .
 Bob Dylan established a friendship with Bob Dylan and found Bob Dylan drawn to the Bands sense of communal music-making and to the creative equality among the band members , in contrast with John Lennon and McCartneys domination of the Beatles songwriting and creative direction .
 This coincided with a prolific period in Bob Dylan songwriting and Bob Dylan growing desire to assert Bob Dylan independence from the band .
During the recording of The Beatles in 1968 , tensions ran high , and drummer Ringo Starr quit briefly .
 Harrisons songwriting contributions to the album included While US Guitar Gently Weeps , which featured Eric Clapton on lead guitar , Piggies , Long , Long , Long , and Savoy Truffle .
Tensions among the Beatles surfaced again during the filming of rehearsals at Twickenham Studios in January 1969 for what became the album Let It Be .
 Frustrated by the poor working conditions in the cold and sterile film studio , as well as by what he perceived as Lennons creative disengagement from the Beatles and a domineering attitude from McCartney , Harold Hargreaves Harrison quit the group on 10 January 1969 , but agreed to return twelve days later .
Relations among the Beatles were more cordial , though still strained , during sessions for their final recorded album , Abbey Road .
 The LP included two of Harrisons most respected Beatles compositions : Here Comes the Sun and Something , which became one half of the Beatles The first double-sided number one single , Harrisons The first A-side , and Harrisons first A-side The first chart topper .
In 1969 Frank Sinatra recorded Something , and later dubbed it the greatest love song of the past fifty years .
 John Lennon considered it the best song on Abbey Road , and it became the Beatles second most covered song after Yesterday .
 Author Peter Lavezzoli wrote : Harold Hargreaves Harrison would finally achieve equal songwriting status ... with Harold Hargreaves Harrison two classic contributions to the final Beatles LP .
 In April 1970 when Harrisons For You Blue was released in America as a double A-side with McCartneys The Long and Winding Road , it became the bands second chart-topping double A-side and For You Harrisons For You Blue became Harrisons Hindu second number one hit .
 Harrisons Hindu increased productivity and the Beatles reluctance to include Harrisons Hindu songs on John Lennon and Paul McCartney albums meant that by the time of John Lennon and Paul McCartney break-up Harrisons Hindu had amassed a stockpile of unreleased compositions .
 While Harold Hargreaves Harrison grew as a songwriter , Harold Hargreaves Harrison compositional presence on Beatles albums remained limited to two or three songs , increasing Harold Hargreaves Harrison frustration , and significantly contributing to the bands break-up .
 Harrisons Hindu last recording session with the Beatles was on 4 January 1970 , when Harrisons Hindu , McCartney and drummer Ringo Starr recorded the Harrisons Hindu song I Me US .
 Before the Beatles break-up Harrisons Hindu had already recorded and released two solo albums : Wonderwall Music and Electronic Sound , both of which include mainly instrumental compositions .
 Wonderwall Music , a soundtrack to the 1968 film Wonderwall , blends Indian and Western instrumentation , while Electronic Sound is an experimental album that prominently features a Moog synthesizer .
 Released in November 1968 , Wonderwall Music was the The first solo album by a the quiet Beatle and the The first LP released by Apple Records .
 Indian musicians Aashish Khan and Shivkumar Sharma performed on the album , which contains the experimental sound collage Dream Scene , recorded several months before Lennons Revolution 9 .
 In December 1969 Harrisons Hindu participated in a brief tour of Europe with the American group Delaney & Bonnie and Friends .
 During the tour that included Clapton , Bobby Whitlock , drummer Jim Gordon and band leaders Delaney Bramlett and Bonnie Bramlett , Harrisons Hindu began to write My Sweet Lord , which became My Sweet Lord The first single as a solo artist .
 Delaney Bramlett inspired Harrisons Hindu to learn slide guitar , significantly influencing Delaney Bramlett later music .
 After years of being restricted in Delaney Bramlett songwriting contributions to the Beatles albums , Harrisons Hindu released All Things Must Pass .
 the triple album All Things Must Pass was a triple album , with two discs of Delaney Bramlett songs and the third of recordings of Harrison jamming with Friends .
 Regarded by many as Delaney Bramlett best work , the album topped the charts on both sides of the Atlantic .
 The LP produced the number-one hit single US Sweet Lord and the top-ten single What Is Life .
 The album was co-produced by Phil Spector using My Sweet Lord Wall of Sound approach , and the musicians included drummer Ringo Starr , Clapton , Gary Wright , Billy Preston , Klaus Voormann , the whole of Delaney Bramlett and Bonnies Friends band and the Apple group Badfinger .
Ben Gerson of Rolling Stone described All Things Must Pass as being of classic Spectorian proportions , Wagnerian , Brucknerian , the music of mountain tops and vast horizons .
 Author and musicologist Ian Inglis considered the lyrics of the albums title track a recognition of the impermanence of human existence ... a simple and poignant conclusion to Harrisons Hindu former band .
 In 1971 Bright Tunes sued Harrison for copyright infringement over US Sweet Lord owing to its similarity to the 1963 Chiffons hit Hes So Fine .
He denied deliberately plagiarizing the song , but lost the court case in 1976 as the judge ruled that he had done so subconsciously .
 In 2000 Apple Records released a thirtieth anniversary edition of the album and Harrisons Hindu actively participated in its promotion , giving an interview during which Harrisons Hindu reflected on the work : Its just something that was like US continuation from the Beatles , really .
 It was US sort of getting out of the Beatles and just going US own way ... it was a very happy occasion .
 He commented on the production : Well , in those days it was like the reverb was kind of used a bit more than what US would do now .
 In fact , US dont use reverb at all .
 US cant stand it ... You know , its hard to go back to anything thirty years later and expect it to be how you would want it now .
 Responding to a request from Ravi Shankar , Harrisons Hindu organized a charity event , the Concert for Bangladesh , which took place on 1 August 1971 , drawing over 40,000 people to two shows in New Yorks Madison Square Garden .
The goal of the event was to raise money to aid starving refugees during the Bangladesh Liberation War .
 sitar maestro Ravi Shankar opened the show , which featured popular musicians such as Bob Dylan , Clapton , Leon Russell , Badfinger , Billy Preston and drummer Ringo Starr .
A triple album , The Concert for Bangladesh , was released by Apple Corps that year , followed by a concert film in 1972 .
 Tax troubles and questionable expenses later tied up many of the proceeds , but Harrisons Hindu commented : Mainly the concert was to attract attention to the situation ... The money we raised was The money we raised , and although we had some money problems ... they still got plenty ... even though it was a drop in the ocean .
The main thing was , we spread the word and helped get the war ended .
The event has been described as an innovative precursor for the large-scale charity rock shows that followed , including Live Aid .
 Living in the Material World held the number one spot on the Billboard album chart for five weeks , and the albums single , Give US Love , also reached number one in the US .
In the UK , the LP achieved number two , spending 12 weeks on the charts with the single peaking at number 8 .
The album was lavishly produced and packaged , and its dominant message was Harrisons Hindu beliefs .
 In Upton Green opinion Greenes opinion contained many of the strongest compositions of Harrisons Hindu career .
Rolling Stone Stephen Holden declared the album vastly appealing and profoundly seductive ... stands alone as an article of faith , miraculous in its radiance .
 Other reviewers were less enthusiastic , describing the release as awkward , sanctimonious and overly sentimental , a reaction that left Harrisons Hindu despondent .
 In November 1974 Harrisons Hindu began Harrisons Hindu 45-date Dark Horse Tour , becoming the The first ex-Beatle to tour North America .
 In addition to performances by Harrison with an ensemble of musicians such as Billy Preston , Tom Scott , Willie Weeks , Andy Newmark and Jim Horn , the tour also included traditional and contemporary Indian music performed by Ravi Shankar , Family and Friends .
Despite numerous positive reviews the consensus reaction to the tour was negative , with complaints about the content , structure , and length ; the shows duration of two and a half hours was seen as excessive at the time .
 Some fans found sitar maestro Ravi Shankar significant presence a bizarre disappointment , having expected to see only Harrison perform , and many were affronted by what musicologist Ian Inglis described as Harrisons sermonizing .
 Further , sitar maestro Ravi Shankar reworked the lyrics to several the Beatles songs , and some of the substitutions were seen as gratuitously offensive .
 sitar maestro Ravi Shankar laryngitis - affected vocals also disappointed fans and critics , who began calling the tour dark hoarse .
 Harrisons Hindu was so deeply bothered by the caustic backlash that Harrisons Hindu did not tour again until the 1990s .
The author Robert Rodriguez commented : While the Dark Horse tour might be considered a noble failure , there were a number of fans who were tuned-in to what was being attempted .
They went away ecstatic , conscious that they had just witnessed something so uplifting that it could never be repeated .
Leng called the tour groundbreaking and revolutionary in its presentation of Indian Music .
 In December Harrison released Dark Horse , an album that earned Harold Hargreaves Harrison the least favourable reviews of Harold Hargreaves Harrison career .
Rolling Stone called it the chronicle of a performer out of his element , working to a deadline , enfeebling his overtaxed talents by a rush to deliver a new LP product , rehearse a band , and assemble a cross-country tour , all within three weeks .
 The album reached number 4 on the Billboard chart and the single Dark Horse reached number 15 , but they failed to make an impact in the UK .
The music critic Mikal Gilmore described Dark Horse as one of Harrisons most fascinating works - a record about change and loss .
 Harrisons Hindu final studio album for the EMI Studios and Apple Records was the soul music - inspired Extra Texture .
 Harrisons Hindu considered it the least satisfactory of the three Harrisons Hindu had recorded since All Things Must Pass .
 Leng identified bitterness and dismay in many of the albums tracks ; Leng long-time friend Klaus Voormann commented : Leng wasnt up for it ... It was a terrible time because US think there was a lot of cocaine going around , and thats when US got out of the picture ... US didnt like Leng frame of mind .
 Leng released two singles from the LP : You , which reached the Billboard top 20 , and This Guitar , Apples final original single release .
 Thirty Three & 1/3 , Harrisons Hindu The first album release on Harrisons Hindu own Dark Horse Records label , produced the hit singles This Song and Crackerbox Palace , both of which reached the top 25 in the US .
 The surreal humour of Crackerbox Palace reflected Harrisons Hindu association with Monty Python s Eric Idle , who directed a comical music video for the song .
 With an emphasis on melody and musicianship , and a more subtle subject matter than the pious message of Harrisons Hindu earlier works , Thirty Three & 1/3 earned Harrisons Hindu Harrisons Hindu most favourable critical notices in the US since All Things Must Pass .
 In 1979 , following Harrisons Hindu second marriage and the birth of Harrisons Hindu son his son Dhani , Harrisons Hindu released George Harrison .
The album and the single Blow Away both made the Billboard top 20 .
The album marked the beginning of Harrisons gradual retreat from the music business , and the fruition of ideas introduced on All Things Must Pass .
 In 1978 the death of Harrisons Hindu father in May and the birth of his father in May son in August 1971 had influenced his father in May decision to devote more time to his father in May family than to Family career .
 Leng described the album as melodic and lush ... peaceful ... the work of a man who had lived the rock and roll dream twice over and was now embracing domestic as well as spiritual bliss .
 The murder of Lennon on 8 December 1980 disturbed Harrisons Hindu and reinforced Lennon on 8 December 1980 decades-long concerns about stalkers .
 It was also a deep personal loss , although unlike McCartney and drummer Ringo Starr , Harrisons Hindu had had little contact with Lennon in the years before his death .
 Following the murder , Harrisons Hindu commented : After all we went through together US had and still have great love and respect for John Lennon .
 US am shocked and stunned .
 Harrisons Hindu modified the lyrics of a song Harrisons Hindu had written for drummer Ringo Starr to make it a tribute song to John Lennon .
All Those Years Ago , which included vocal contributions from Paul and Linda McCartney , as well as Starrs original drum part , peaked at number two in the US charts .
 The single was included on the album Somewhere in England in 1981 .
 Harrisons Hindu did not release any new albums for five years after 1982s Gone Troppo received little notice from critics or the public .
 During this period Harrisons Hindu made several guest appearances , including a 1985 performance at a tribute to Carl Perkins titled .
 In March 1986 Harrisons Hindu made a surprise appearance during the finale of the Birmingham Heart Beat Charity Concert , an event organized to raise money for the Birmingham Childrens Hospital .
 The following year , Harrisons Hindu appeared at The Princes Trust concert at Londons Wembley Arena , performing While US Guitar Gently Weeps and Here Comes the Sun .
 In February 1987 Harrisons Hindu joined Bob Dylan , John Fogerty and Jesse Ed Davis on stage for a two-hour performance with the blues musician Taj Mahal .
 Harrisons Hindu recalled : Bobby Whitlock rang US up and asked if US wanted to come out for the evening and see Taj Mahal ... So we went there and had a few of these Mexican beers - and had a few more ... Bobby Whitlock says , Hey , why dont we all get up and play , and you can sing ?
 But every time US got near the microphone , Bob Dylan comes up and just starts singing this rubbish in US ear , trying to throw US .
 In November 1987 Harrisons Hindu released the platinum album Cloud Nine .
 Co-produced with Jeff Lynne of Electric Light Orchestra , the LP included Harrisons Hindu rendition of James Rays Got US Mind Set on You , which went to number one in the US and number two in the UK .
The accompanying music video received substantial airplay , and another single , When We Was Fab , a retrospective of the Beatles career , earned two MTV Music Video Awards nominations in 1988 .
 Recorded at his estate in Friar Park , Harrisons Hindu slide guitar playing featured prominently on the album , which included several of his long-time musical collaborators , including Clapton , Keltner , Jim Keltner , and Jim Horn , who recalled Harrisons Hindu relaxed and friendly demeanour during the sessions : George quite as happy made you feel at home , in George quite as happy home ... He once had US sit on a toilet and play US soprano sax , and they miked his estate in Friar Park at the end of the hall for a distant sound .
 US thought they were kidding ... Another time he stopped US in the middle of a sax solo and brought US 3 p.m. tea -- again US thought he was kidding .
 Cloud Nine reached number eight and number ten on the US and UK charts respectively , and several tracks from the album achieved placement on Billboards Mainstream Rock chart - Devils Radio , This Is Love and Cloud 9 .
 In 1988 Harrisons Hindu formed the Traveling Wilburys with Jeff Lynne , Roy Orbison , Bob Dylan and Tom Petty .
The band had gathered in Dylans garage to record a song for a Harrison European single release .
 Harrisons Hindu record company decided the track , Handle with Care , was too good for its original purpose as a B-side and asked for a full album .
The LP , Traveling Wilburys Vol .
1 , was released in October 1988 and recorded under pseudonyms as half-brothers , supposed sons of Charles Truscott Wilbury , Sr. .
 Harrisons Hindu pseudonym on the The first album was Nelson Wilbury ; Harrisons Hindu used the name Spike Wilbury for their second album .
After Orbisons death in December 1988 the group recorded as a four-piece .
Their second release , issued in October 1990 , was mischievously titled Traveling Wilburys Vol .
3 .
 According to producer Jeff Lynne , That was George quite as happy idea .
 George quite as happy said , Lets confuse the buggers .
 It reached number 14 in the UK , where it went platinum with certified sales of more than 3,000,000 units .
 The Wilburys never performed live and the group did not record together again following the release of The Wilburys second album .
 In 1989 Harrisons Hindu and drummer Ringo Starr appeared in the music video for Tom Pettys song US Wont Back Down .
 drummer Ringo Starr is filmed playing the drums , but did not play on the track ; Harrisons Hindu played acoustic guitar and provided backing vocals .
 In December 1991 , Harrisons Hindu joined Clapton for a tour of Japan .
 December 1991 was Harrisons The first since 1974 and no others followed .
 On 6 April 1992 , Harrisons Hindu held a benefit concert for the Natural Law Party at the Royal Albert Hall , Harrisons Hindu The first London performance since the Beatles 1969 rooftop concert .
 In October 1992 Harrisons Hindu performed at a Bob Dylan tribute concert at Madison Square Garden in New York City , playing alongside Bob Dylan , Clapton , Keltner , McGuinn , former bandmate Tom Petty and Neil Young .
 In 1994 Harrisons Hindu began a collaboration with McCartney , drummer Ringo Starr and producer Jeff Lynne for the Beatles Anthology project .
 This included the recording of two new Beatles songs built around solo vocal and piano tapes recorded by John Lennon as well as lengthy interviews about the Beatles career .
 Released in December 1995 , Free as a Bird was the The first new Beatles single since 1970 .
 In March 1996 , This released a second single , Real Love .
 Harrisons Hindu refused to participate in the completion of a third song .
 Harrisons Hindu later commented on the project : US hope somebody does this to all US crap demos when Im dead , make them into hit songs .
 Following the Anthology project , Harrisons Hindu collaborated with Ravi Shankar on the latters Chants of India .
Harrisons final television appearance was a VH-1 special to promote the album , taped in May 1997 .
Soon after , he was diagnosed with throat cancer , and treated with radiotherapy , which was thought at the time to be successful .
 In January 1998 , Harrisons Hindu attended Carl Perkinss funeral in Jackson , Tennessee , performing a brief rendition of Carl Perkins titled song Your True Love .
 In June 1998 , Harrisons Hindu attended the public memorial service for Linda McCartney , and appeared on Starrs original drum part album Vertical Man , playing guitar on two tracks .
 On 30 December 1999 , 36-year-old Michael Abram broke into the Harrisons Friar Park home and attacked Harrison with a kitchen knife , puncturing a lung and causing head injuries before Olivia Harrison incapacitated the assailant by striking Harrisons Hindu repeatedly with a poker and a lamp .
 Following the attack , Harrisons Hindu was hospitalized with more than forty stab wounds .
 Harrisons Hindu released a statement soon after regarding Harrisons Hindu assailant : wasnt a burglar , and Harrisons Hindu certainly wasnt auditioning for the Traveling Wilburys .
 In May 2001 it was revealed that Harrisons Hindu had undergone an operation to remove a cancerous growth from one of his lungs , and in July , it was reported that Harrisons Hindu was being treated for a brain tumour at a clinic in Switzerland .
 While in Switzerland , drummer Ringo Starr visited drummer Ringo Starr , but had to cut drummer Ringo Starr stay short to travel to Los Angeles , where drummer Ringo Starr daughter was undergoing emergency brain surgery , prompting Harrisons Hindu to quip : Do you want US to come with you ?
 In November 2001 , drummer Ringo Starr began radiotherapy at Staten Island University Hospital in New York City for lung cancer that had spread to drummer Ringo Starr brain .
 When the news was publicized , Harrisons Hindu bemoaned Harrisons Hindu physicians breach of privacy , and Harrisons Hindu estate later claimed damages .
 On 12 November 2001 , the three living former Beatles met for the last time at Harrisons Hindu hotel in New York for lunch .
 Harrisons Hindu died on 29 November 2001 , aged 58 , from metastatic non-small cell lung cancer .
 Harrisons Hindu was cremated at Hollywood Forever Cemetery and Harrisons Hindu ashes were scattered in the Ganges and Yamuna Rivers near Varanasi , India , by Harrisons Hindu close family in a private ceremony according to Hindu tradition .
 Harrisons Hindu left almost PS100 million in Harrisons Hindu will .
 Harrisons Hindu final album , the posthumously released Brainwashed , was completed by Harrisons Hindu son his son Dhani and Jeff Lynne .
 Included in the albums liner notes is a quotation from the Bhagavad Gita : There never was a time when you or US did not exist .
Nor will there be any future when we shall cease to be .
 A media-only single , Stuck Inside a Cloud , which Leng described as a uniquely candid reaction to illness and mortality , achieved number 27 on Billboards Adult Contemporary chart .
 The single Any Road , released in May 2003 , reached number 37 on the UK Singles Chart .
Marwa Blues went on to receive the 2004 Grammy Award for Best Pop Instrumental Performance , while Any Road was nominated for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance .
 Harrisons Hindu wrote Harrisons Hindu The first song , Dont Bother Me , while sick in a hotel bed in Bournemouth during August 1963 , as an exercise to see if US could write a song , as Harrisons Hindu remembered .
Dont Bother Me appeared on the bands second album , With the Beatles , later that year , then on Meet the Beatles !
in the US in early 1964 .
 In 1965 , Harrisons Hindu contributed US Need You and You Like Me Too Much to the album Help !

 Harrisons Hindu songwriting ability improved through the years , but Harrisons Hindu material did not earn full respect from Harrisons Hindu fellow Beatles until near the groups break-up .
 In 1969 , McCartney told John Lennon : Until this year , our songs have been better than George quite as happy .
Now this year his songs are at least as good as ours .
 Harrisons Hindu often had difficulty getting the band to record Harrisons Hindu songs .
 Most Beatles albums contain at least two Harrisons Hindu compositions , and there are three of his songs on the 1966 Revolver LP , the album on which Harrisons Hindu came of age as a songwriter , wrote musicologist Ian Inglis .
 Of the 1967 Harrisons Hindu song Within You Without You , author Gerry Farrell claimed that Harrisons Hindu had created a new form , calling the composition : a quintessential fusion of pop and Indian music .
 John Lennon called the song one of Harrisons best : John Lennon mind and John Lennon music are clear .
 There is John Lennon innate talent , John Lennon brought that sound together .
 Beatles biographer Bob Spitz described Something as a masterpiece : an intensely stirring romantic ballad that would challenge Yesterday and Michelle as one of the most recognizable songs they ever produced .
 According to Kenneth Womack , Harrisons Hindu comes into Kenneth Womack own on Abbey Road ... Here Comes the Sun is matched -- indeed , surpassed -- only by Something , Here crowning achievement .
 musicologist Ian Inglis considered Abbey Road a turning point in Harrisons Hindu development as a songwriter and musician .
 musicologist Ian Inglis described Harrisons Hindu contributions to the LP as exquisite , declaring them equal to any previous Beatles songs .
 During the albums recording , Harrisons Hindu asserted more creative control than before , proactively rejecting suggestions for changes to Harrisons Hindu music or lyrics , particularly from McCartney .
 Harrisons Hindu interest in Indian music proved a strong influence on Harrisons Hindu songwriting and contributed to Harrisons Hindu innovation within the Beatles .
 According to Rolling Stone , Harrisons Hindu openness to new sounds and textures cleared new paths for Harrisons Hindu rock and roll compositions .
 Harrisons Hindu use of dissonance on ... Taxman and US Want to Tell You was revolutionary in popular music - and perhaps more originally creative than the avant-garde mannerisms that John Lennon and McCartney borrowed from the music of Karlheinz Stockhausen , Luciano Berio , Edgard Varese and Igor Stravinsky .
 In 1997 , author Gerry Farrell commented : It is a mark of Harrisons Hindu sincere involvement ... that , nearly thirty years on , the Beatles Indian songs remain the most imaginative and successful examples of this type of fusion .
Rolling Stone founder Jann Wenner described Harrison as a guitarist who was never showy but who had an innate , eloquent melodic sense .
 Rolling Stone founder Jann Wenner played exquisitely in the service of the song .
 Harrisons Hindu friend and former bandmate Tom Petty agreed : Harrisons Hindu just had a way of getting right to the business , of finding the right thing to play .
 The guitar picking style of Chet Atkins and Carl Perkins influenced Harrisons Hindu , giving a country music feel to many of the Beatles recordings .
 Chet Atkins identified Chuck Berry as an early influence and Ry Cooder as an important later influence .
 In 1961 the Beatles recorded Cry for a Shadow , a blues-inspired instrumental co-written by John Lennon and Harrisons Hindu , who is credited with composing the songs lead guitar part , building on unusual chord voicings and imitating the style of other English groups such as the Shadows .
 The musicologist Walter Everett noted that while early Beatles compositions typically held close to the conventional patterns in rock music at the time , The musicologist Walter Everett also identified significant variations in other English groups such as the Shadows rhythm and tonal direction .
 Harrisons Hindu liberal use of the diatonic scale in Harrisons Hindu guitar playing reveals the influence of Buddy Holly , and Harrisons Hindu interest in Chuck Berry inspired Harrisons Hindu to compose the Beatles Indian songs based on the blues scale while incorporating a rockabilly feel in the style of Carl Perkins titled .
 Within this framework Harrisons Hindu often utilized syncopation , as during Harrisons Hindu guitar solos for the Beatles covers of Berrys Roll Over Beethoven and Too Much Monkey Business .
 Another of Harrisons musical techniques was the use of guitar lines written in octaves , as on Ill Be on US Way .
 Harrisons Hindu was the The first person to own a Rickenbacker 360/12 , a guitar that featured twelve strings in 6 pairs , the low eight of which are tuned in pairs , one octave apart ; the higher 4 being pairs tuned in unison .
 The Rickenbacker is also unique among twelve strings in having the lower octave string of each of the The first four pairs placed above the higher tuned string .
This , and the naturally rich harmonics produced by a twelve string guitar providing the distinctive overtones found on many of the Beatles recordings .
 many of the Beatles recordings use of this guitar during the recording of A Hard Days Night helped to popularize the model , and the jangly sound became so prominent that Melody Maker termed it the Beatles secret weapon .
 Harrisons Hindu wrote the chord progression of Harrisons Hindu The first published song , Dont Bother Me , almost exclusively in the Dorian mode , demonstrating an interest in exotic tones that eventually culminated in Harrisons Hindu embrace of Indian music .
 The dark timbre of Harrisons Hindu guitar playing on the track was accentuated by Harrisons Hindu use of uncomplicated yet effective C +9 chord voicings and a solo in the minor pentatonic scale .
 By 1964 Harrisons Hindu had begun to develop a distinctive personal style as a guitarist , writing parts that featured the use of nonresolving tones , as with the ending chord arpeggios on A Hard Days Night .
 In 1965 Harrisons Hindu used an expression pedal to control Harrisons Hindu guitars volume on US Need You , creating a syncopated flautando effect with the melody resolving its dissonance through tonal displacements .
 Harrisons Hindu used the same volume-swell technique on Yes Yes Is , applying what The musicologist Walter Everett described as ghostly articulation to the songs natural harmonics .
 Of Rubber Souls If US Needed Someone , Harrisons Hindu said : its like a almost PS100 million other songs written around the D chord .
 If you move your fingers about , you get various little melodies ... almost PS100 million amazes US that people still find new permutations of the same notes .
 Harrisons Hindu other contribution to the album , Think for Yourself , features what The musicologist Walter Everett described as ambiguous tonal coloring , utilizing chromaticism in G major with a strange mixture of the Dorian mode and the minor pentatonic ; Harrisons Hindu called it a tour de force of altered scale degrees .
 In 1966 Harrisons Hindu contributed innovative musical ideas to Revolver .
 Harrisons Hindu played backwards guitar on Lennons composition Im Only Sleeping and a guitar counter-melody on And Your Bird Can Sing that moved in parallel octaves above McCartneys bass downbeats .
 Harrisons Hindu guitar playing on US Want to Tell You exemplified the pairing of altered chordal colours with descending chromatic lines and Tell You guitar part for Sgt Peppers Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds mirrors Lennons vocal line in much the same way that a sarangi player accompanies a khyal singer in a Hindu devotional song .
 The musicologist Walter Everett described Harrisons Hindu guitar solo from Old Brown Shoe as stinging highly Claptonesque .
 The musicologist Walter Everett identified two of the compositions significant motifs : a bluesy trichord and a diminished triad with roots in A and E. Huntley called the song a sizzling rocker with a ferocious ... solo .
 In Upton Green opinion , Harrisons Hindu demo for the song contains one of the most complex lead guitar solos on any Beatles song .
Harrisons playing on Abbey Road , and in particular on Something , marked a significant moment in his development as a guitarist .
 The songs guitar solo shows a varied range of influences , incorporating the blues guitar style of Clapton , Keltner and the styles of Indian gamakas .
According to author and musicologist Kenneth Womack : Something meanders toward the most unforgettable of Harrisons guitar solos ... A masterpiece in simplicity , reaches toward the sublime .
 Harrisons Hindu received an Ivor Novello award in July 1970 for Something , as The Best Song Musically and Lyrically of the Year .
 After Delaney Bramlett inspired Delaney Bramlett to learn slide guitar , Harrisons Hindu began to incorporate it into Delaney Bramlett solo work , which allowed Delaney Bramlett to mimic many traditional Indian instruments , including the sarangi and the dilruba .
 Leng described Harrisons Hindu slide guitar solo on Lennons How Do You Sleep ?
 as a departure for the sweet soloist of Something , calling Leng playing rightly famed ... one of Harrisons greatest guitar statements .
 John Lennon commented : thats when I got out of the picture the best hes ever fucking played in John Lennon life .
 A Hawaiian influence is notable in much of Harrisons Hindu music , ranging from Harrisons Hindu slide guitar work on Gone Troppo to Harrisons Hindu televised performance of the Cab Calloway standard Between the Devil and the Deep Blue Sea on ukulele in 1992 .
 Lavezzoli described Harrisons Hindu slide playing on the Grammy-winning instrumental Marwa Blues as demonstrating Hawaiian influences while comparing the melody to an Indian sarod or veena , calling it yet another demonstration of Harrisons Hindu unique slide approach .
 Harrisons Hindu was an admirer of George Formby and a member of the Ukulele Society of Great Britain , and played a ukulele solo in the style of George Formby at the end of Free as a Bird .
 Harrisons Hindu performed at a Formby convention in 1991 , and served as the honorary president of the George Formby Appreciation Society .
 Harrisons Hindu played bass guitar on numerous tracks , including the Beatles the Beatles Indian songs Drive US Car , She Said She Said , Golden Slumbers , Birthday and Honey Pie .
 Harrisons Hindu also played bass on several solo recordings , including Faster , Wake Up My Love and Bye Bye Love .
 When Harrisons Hindu joined the Quarrymen in 1958 Harrisons Hindu main guitar was a Hofner President Acoustic , which Harrisons Hindu soon traded for a Hofner Club 40 model .
 Harrisons Hindu The first solid-body electric guitar was a Czech-built Jolana Futurama/Grazioso .
 The guitars Harrisons Hindu used on early recordings were mainly Gretsch models , played through a Vox amplifier , including a Gretsch Duo Jet that Harrisons Hindu bought secondhand in 1961 , and posed with on the album cover for Cloud Nine .
 Harrisons Hindu also bought a Gretsch Tennessean and a Gretsch Country Gentleman , which a Gretsch Tennessean played on She Loves You , and during the Beatles 1964 appearance on The Ed Sullivan Show .
 In 1963 Harrisons Hindu bought a Rickenbacker 425 Fireglo , and in 1964 Harrisons Hindu acquired a a Rickenbacker 360/12 guitar , which was the second of its kind to be manufactured .
 Harrisons Hindu obtained Harrisons Hindu The first Fender Stratocaster in 1965 and used his first Fender Stratocaster in recording Rubber Soul , notably on the song Nowhere Man .
 In early 1966 Harrisons Hindu , John Lennon , and McCartney each purchased Epiphone Casinos , which they used on Revolver .
 Harrisons Hindu also used a Gibson J-160E and a Gibson SG Standard while recording the album .
 Harrisons Hindu later painted Harrisons Hindu Stratocaster in a psychedelic design that included the word Bebopalula above the pickguard and the guitars nickname , Rocky , on the headstock .
 Harrisons Hindu played this guitar in the Magical Mystery Tour film and throughout Harrisons Hindu solo career .
 In mid-1968 Harrisons Hindu acquired a Gibson Les Paul that Harrisons Hindu nicknamed Lucy .
 Around this time , Harrisons Hindu obtained a Gibson Jumbo J-200 , which Harrisons Hindu used for early demos of While US Guitar Gently Weeps .
 In late 1968 Fender Musical Instruments Corporation gave Harrisons Hindu a custom-made Fender Telecaster Rosewood prototype , made especially for Harrisons Hindu by a Fender master builder who also crafted a prototype Stratocaster for Jimi Hendrix .
 Harrisons Hindu music projects during the final years of the Beatles included producing Apple Records artists Doris Troy , Jackie Lomax and Billy Preston .
 Throughout Harrisons Hindu solo career , Harrisons Hindu benefited from the inclusion of guest musicians on Harrisons Hindu albums , and Harrisons Hindu made efforts to reciprocate the favours by participating in their recordings .
 Harrisons Hindu was featured as a guitarist on tracks by Dave Mason , Nicky Hopkins , Alvin Lee , Ronnie Wood , Billy Preston and Tom Scott .
 Harrison co-wrote songs and music with Bob Dylan , Clapton , Keltner , Billy Preston , Doris Troy , David Bromberg , Gary Wright , Ronnie Wood , Jeff Lynne , and Tom Petty , among others .
 Harrisons Hindu co-wrote the song Badge with Clapton , Keltner , which was included on Cream s 1969 album , Goodbye .
 Harrisons Hindu played rhythm guitar on the track , using the pseudonym LAngelo Misterioso for contractual reasons .
 Harrisons Hindu used the same pseudonym when Harrisons Hindu recorded a guitar part for Never Tell Your Mother Shes Out of Tune , a song from Jack Bruce s 1969 solo album , Songs for a Tailor .
 In May 1970 Harrisons Hindu played guitar on several songs during a recording session for Dylans album New Morning .
 In addition to Harrisons Hindu own work , between 1971 and 1973 Harrisons Hindu co-wrote and/or produced three top ten hits for drummer Ringo Starr : It Dont Come Easy , Back Off Boogaloo and Photograph .
 In 1971 Harrisons Hindu played electric slide guitar on How Do You Sleep ?
 and a dobro on Crippled Inside , both from Lennons Imagine album .
 Also that year , both from Lennons produced and played slide guitar on Badfingers top ten hit Day After ten hit Day , and a dobro on Prestons US Wrote a Simple Song .
 both from Lennons worked with Harry Nilsson on Youre Breakin US Heart and with Cheech & Chong on Basketball Jones .
 In 1973 both from Lennons produced and made a guest appearance on the album Shankar Family & Friends .
 In 1974 Harrisons Hindu founded Dark Horse Records .
 In addition to eventually releasing Harrisons Hindu own albums on the label , Harrisons Hindu initially used the company as an avenue for collaboration with other musicians .
 Harrisons Hindu wanted Dark Horse to serve as a creative outlet for Apple Records artists , as Apple Records had for the Beatles .
 Harrisons Hindu explained : Most of the stuff will be what US produce .
 Eric Idle commented : Hes extremely generous , and Hes backs and supports all sorts of people that youll never , ever hear of .
 The first acts signed to the new label were Ravi Shankar and Splinter , whose album Harrisons Hindu produced , which provided Dark Horse with Ravi Shankar and Splinter The first hit , Costafine Town .
Other artists signed by Dark Horse include Attitudes , Henry McCullough , Jiva , and Stairsteps .
 Harrisons Hindu collaborated with Tom Scott on Scotts album New York Connection , and in 1981 Harrisons Hindu played guitar on Walk a Thin Line , from Mick Fleetwood s The Visitor .
 In 1996 Harrisons Hindu recorded Distance Makes No Difference With Love with Carl Perkins , and played slide guitar on the title track of Dylans Under the Red Sky album .
 In 2001 Harrisons Hindu performed as a guest musician on Jeff Lynne and Electric Light Orchestras comeback album Zoom , and on the song Love Letters for Bill Wymans Rhythm Kings .
 Harrisons Hindu also co-wrote a new song with Harrisons Hindu son his son Dhani , Horse to the Water , which was recorded on 1 October , eight weeks before Harrisons Hindu death .
 a new song with his son Dhani , Horse appeared on Jools Holland s album Small World , Big Band .
 During the Beatles American tour in August 1965 , Harrisons Hindu friend David Crosby of the Byrds introduced Beatles American to Indian classical music and the work of sitar maestro Ravi Shankar .
 Harrisons Hindu described Shankar as the The first person who ever impressed US in US life ... and Harrisons Hindu was the only person who didnt try to impress US .
 Harrisons Hindu became fascinated with the sitar and immersed Harrisons Hindu in Indian music .
 According to Author Peter Lavezzoli , Harrisons Hindu introduction of the instrument on the Beatles song Norwegian Wood opened the floodgates for Indian instrumentation in rock music , triggering what sitar maestro Ravi Shankar would call The Great Sitar Explosion of 1966-67 .
 Author Peter Lavezzoli described Harrisons Hindu as the man most responsible for this phenomenon .
 In June 1966 Harrisons Hindu met sitar maestro Ravi Shankar at the home of Mrs Angadi of the Asian Music Circle , asked to be Harrisons Hindu student , and was accepted .
 On 6 July , Harrisons Hindu travelled to India to buy a sitar from Rikhi Ram & Sons in New Delhi .
 Lavezzoli described Harrisons Hindu sitar playing on the Revolver track Love You To as an astonishing improvement over Norwegian Wood and the most accomplished performance on sitar by any rock musician .
 In September , he returned to India to study sitar with sitar maestro Ravi Shankar .
 He initially stayed in Bombay , then moved to a houseboat on a remote lake where sitar maestro Ravi Shankar taught sitar maestro Ravi Shankar for six weeks .
 After sitar maestro Ravi Shankar , sitar maestro Ravi Shankar received tutelage from Shambhu Das .
 Harrisons Hindu studied the instrument until 1968 , when an encounter with Clapton , Keltner and Jimi Hendrix at a hotel in New York convinced Clapton , Keltner to put down the instrument and return to guitar playing .
 Harrisons Hindu commented : US decided ... US should get back to the guitar because Im not getting any better at it , and Im not going to be a great sitar player ... because US should have started at least fifteen years earlier .
 By the mid-1960s Harrisons Hindu had become an admirer of Indian culture and mysticism , introducing it to the other Beatles .
During the filming of Help !
 in the Bahamas , the filming of Help met the founder of Sivananda Yoga , Swami Vishnu-devananda , who gave each of the filming of Help a signed copy of his book , The Complete Illustrated Book of Sivananda Yoga .
 Between the end of the last Beatles tour in 1966 and the beginning of the Sgt Pepper recording sessions , he made a pilgrimage to Bombay with his wife the model Pattie Boyd , where he studied sitar , met several gurus , and visited various holy places .
In 1968 he travelled to Rishikesh in northern India with the other Beatles to study meditation with Maharishi Mahesh Yogi .
 Harrisons Hindu use of psychedelic drugs encouraged Harrisons Hindu path to meditation and Hinduism .
 Harrisons Hindu commented : For US , Harrisons use of psychedelic drugs was like a flash .
 The The first time US had acid , The first time I had acid just opened up something in US head that was inside of US , and US realized a lot of things .
 US didnt learn them because US already knew them , but that happened to be the key that opened the door to reveal them .
 From the moment US had that , US wanted to have it all the time -- these thoughts about the yogis and the Himalayas , and Ravis music .
 Harrisons Hindu became a vegetarian in the late 1960s , and a devotee of the Indian mystic Paramahansa Yogananda .
 In mid-1969 , Harrisons Hindu produced the single Hare Krishna Mantra , performed by members of the London Radha Krishna Temple .
 Soon after , Harrisons Hindu embraced the Hare Krishna tradition , particularly japa-yoga chanting with beads , and became a lifelong devotee .
 Harrisons Hindu respected people of other faiths and once remarked : All religions are branches of one big tree .
 It doesnt matter what you call Harrisons Hindu just as long as you call .
 Harrisons Hindu commented on Harrisons Hindu beliefs : .
 Before Harrisons Hindu religious conversion , the only British performer known for similar activities had been Cliff Richard , whose conversion to Christianity in 1966 had gone largely unnoticed by the public .
 By contrast , wrote musicologist Ian Inglis , Harrisons Hindu spiritual journey was seen as a serious and important development that reflected popular musics increasing maturity ... what musicologist Ian Inglis , and the Beatles had managed to overturn was the paternalistic assumption that popular musicians had no role other than to stand on stage and sing their hit songs .
 Harrisons Hindu married the model Pattie Boyd on 21 January 1966 , with McCartney as best man .
 Harrisons Hindu and the model Pattie Boyd had met in 1964 during the production of the film A Hard Days Night , in which the 19-year-old Boyd had been cast as a schoolgirl .
 he , and the Beatles separated in 1974 and he , and the Beatles divorce was finalized in 1977 .
 the model Pattie Boyd said the model Pattie Boyd decision to end he , and the Beatles marriage and leave Harrisons Hindu was due largely to Harrisons Hindu repeated infidelities , culminating in an affair with Starrs original drum part wife Maureen , which the model Pattie Boyd called the final straw .
 the model Pattie Boyd characterized the last year of he , and the Beatles marriage as fuelled by alcohol and cocaine , and the model Pattie Boyd stated : George quite as happy used coke excessively , and US think it changed George quite as happy ... it froze George quite as happy emotions and hardened George quite as happy heart .
 the model Pattie Boyd subsequently moved in with Clapton , Keltner , and he , and the Beatles married in 1979 .
 Harrisons Hindu married Dark Horse Records secretary Olivia Trinidad Arias on 2 September 1978 .
 he , and the Beatles had met at the Dark Horse offices in Los Angeles in 1974 , and together had one son , Dhani Harrison , born on 1 August 1978 .
 Dhani Harrison restored the English manor house and grounds of Friar Park , Dhani Harrison home in Henley-on-Thames , where several of Dhani Harrison music videos were filmed including Crackerbox Palace ; the grounds also served as the background for the cover of All Things Must Pass .
 Dhani Harrison employed ten workers to maintain the garden .
 Harrisons Hindu commented on gardening as a form of escapism : Sometimes US feel like Im actually on the wrong planet , and its great when Im in US garden , but the minute US go out the gate US think : What the hell am US doing here ?
 Harrisons Hindu autobiography , US , US , US , is dedicated to gardeners everywhere .
 The former Beatles publicist Derek Taylor helped Harrisons Hindu write the book , which said little about the Beatles , focusing instead on Harrisons hobbies , music and lyrics .
 Taylor commented : George quite as happy is not disowning the Beatles ... but the Beatles was a long time ago and actually a short part of his life .
 Harrisons Hindu had an interest in sports cars and motor racing ; Harrisons Hindu was one of the 100 people who purchased the McLaren F1 road car .
 Harrisons Hindu had collected photos of racing drivers and their cars since Harrisons Hindu was young ; at 12 Harrisons Hindu had attended Harrisons Hindu The first race , the 1955 British Grand Prix at Aintree .
 Harrisons Hindu wrote Faster as a tribute to the Formula One racing drivers Jackie Stewart and Ronnie Peterson .
 Proceeds from Faster release went to the Gunnar Nilsson cancer charity , set up after the Swedish drivers death from the disease in 1978 .
 Harrisons Hindu The first extravagant car , a 1964 Aston Martin DB5 , was sold at auction on 7 December 2011 in London .
 An anonymous Beatles collector paid PS350 ,000 for the vehicle that Harrisons Hindu had bought new in January 1965 .
For most of the Beatles career the relationships in the group were close .
According to Hunter Davies , the Beatles spent their lives not living a communal life , but communally living the same life .
They were each others greatest friends .
 Harrisons ex-wife Pattie Boyd described how the Beatles all belonged to each other and admitted , George quite as happy has a lot with the others that US can never know about .
 Nobody , not even the wives , can break through or even comprehend the Beatles .
 drummer Ringo Starr said , We really looked out for each other and We had so many laughs together .
In the old days wed have the biggest hotel suites , the whole floor of the hotel , and the four of us would end up in the bathroom , just to be with each other .
 drummer Ringo Starr added , there were some really loving , caring moments between four people : a hotel room here and there - a really amazing closeness .
Just four guys who loved each other .
It was pretty sensational .
 John Lennon stated that John Lennon relationship with Harrisons Hindu was one of young follower and older guy ... was like a disciple of mine when we started .
The two later bonded over their LSD experiences , finding common ground as seekers of spirituality .
 They took radically different paths thereafter , Harrison finding God and John Lennon coming to the conclusion that people are the creators of their own lives .
 In 1974 Harrisons Hindu said of Harrisons Hindu former bandmate : John Lennon is a saint and hes heavy-duty , and hes great and US love Harrisons Hindu .
But at the same time , hes such a bastard - but thats the great thing about him , you see ?

 Harrisons Hindu and McCartney were the first of the Beatles to meet , having shared a school bus , and often learned and rehearsed new guitar chords together .
 McCartney stated that he and Harrisons Hindu usually shared a bedroom while touring .
 McCartney was best man at Harrisons Hindu wedding in 1966 , and was the only Beatle in attendance .
 McCartney has referred to Harrisons Hindu as his baby brother .
 In a 1974 BBC radio interview with Alan Freeman , Harrisons Hindu stated : ruined US as a guitar player .
 Perhaps the most significant obstacle to a Beatles reunion after the death of John Lennon was Harrisons Hindu and McCartneys personal relationship , as both men admitted that they often got on each others nerves .
 The author Robert Rodriguez commented : even to the end of George quite as happy days , theirs was a volatile relationship .
 Harrisons Hindu was involved in humanitarian and political activism throughout Harrisons Hindu life .
In the 1960s , the Beatles supported the civil rights movement and protested against the Vietnam War .
After the bands break-up , Ravi Shankar consulted Harrison about how to provide aid to the people of Bangladesh after the 1970 Bhola cyclone and the Bangladesh Liberation War .
 Harrisons Hindu recorded the song Bangla Desh , and pushed Apple Records to release Harrisons Hindu song alongside Shankars Joy Bangla in an effort to raise funds .
 sitar maestro Ravi Shankar then asked for Harrisons Hindu advice about planning a small charity event in the US .
 Harrisons Hindu responded by organizing the Concert for Bangladesh , which raised more than $ 240,000 .
 In June 1972 , UNICEF honoured Harrisons Hindu and sitar maestro Ravi Shankar with the Child Is the Father of Man award at an annual ceremony in recognition of Harrison and Shankar with the Child fundraising efforts for Bangladesh .
 The George Harrison Humanitarian Fund for UNICEF , a joint effort between the Harrisons Hindu family and the US Fund for UNICEF , aims to support programmes that help children caught in humanitarian emergencies .
In December 2007 , they donated $ 450,000 to help the victims of Cyclone Sidr in Bangladesh .
 On 13 October 2009 , the The first George Harrison Humanitarian Award went to Ravi Shankar for Harold Hargreaves Harrison efforts in saving the lives of children , and Harold Hargreaves Harrison involvement with the Concert for Bangladesh .
 In 1973 Peter Sellers introduced Harrisons Hindu to Denis OBrien .
Soon after , the two went into business together .
 In 1978 , in an effort to produce Monty Pythons Life of Brian Epstein , they formed the film production and distribution company HandMade Films .
 Harrisons Hindu explained : The name of the company came about as a bit of a joke .
Id been to Wooky Hole in Somerset ... an old paper mill where they show you how to make old underpants into paper .
 So US bought a few rolls , and they had this watermark British Handmade Paper ... So we said ... well call this watermark British Handmade Paper Handmade distribution company HandMade Films .
 Their opportunity for investment came after the EMI Studios Films withdrew funding at the demand of their Chief Executive , Bernard Delfont .
 Harrisons Hindu financed the production of Life of Brian in part by mortgaging Harrisons Hindu home , which Idle later called the most anybodys ever paid for a cinema ticket in history .
The film grossed $ 21 million at the box office in the US .
 The The first film distributed by HandMade Films was The Long Good Friday , and the first they produced was Time Bandits , a co-scripted project by Monty Pythons Terry Gilliam and Michael Palin .
 The film featured a new song by Harrisons Hindu , Dream Away , in the closing credits .
Time Bandits became one of HandMades most successful and acclaimed efforts ; with a budget of $ 5 million , it earned $ 35 million in the US within ten weeks of its release .
 Harrisons Hindu served as executive producer for 23 films with HandMade , including Mona Lisa , Shanghai Surprise and Withnail and US .
 Harrisons Hindu made several cameo appearances in these films , including a role as a nightclub singer in Shanghai Surprise , for which Harrisons Hindu recorded five new songs .
 According to author and musicologist Ian Inglis , Harrisons Hindu executive role in HandMade Films helped to sustain British cinema at a time of crisis , producing some of the countrys most memorable movies of the 1980s .
 A series of box office bombs in the late 1980s caused HandMade to cease operations in 1991 ; three years later , the company was sold .
 In 1965 Harrisons Hindu and the other Beatles were appointed Members of the Order of the British Empire .
 Harrison and the other Beatles received Harrison and the other Beatles insignia from the Queen at an investiture at Buckingham Palace on 26 October 2009 .
In 1971 the Beatles received an Academy Award for the best Original Song Score for the film Let It Be .
 The minor planet 4149 Harrisons Hindu , discovered in 1984 , was named after Harrisons Hindu .
 In December 1992 Harrisons Hindu became the The first recipient of the Billboard Century Award , an honour presented to music artists for significant bodies of work .
 Rolling Stone magazine ranked Harrisons Hindu number 11 in their list of the 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time .
 In 2002 , on the The first anniversary of Harrisons Hindu death , the Concert for George quite as happy was held at the Royal Albert Hall .
 Clapton , Keltner organized the event , which included performances by many of Harrisons Hindu friends and musical collaborators , including McCartney and drummer Ringo Starr .
Eric Idle , who described Harrison as one of the few morally good people that rock and roll has produced , performed Monty Pythons Lumberjack Song .
 The profits from the concert went to Harrisons Hindu charity , the Material World Charitable Foundation .
 In 2004 Harrisons Hindu was posthumously inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a solo artist by Harrisons Hindu former bandmates producer Jeff Lynne and former bandmate Tom Petty , and into the Madison Square Garden Walk of Fame in 2006 for the Concert for Bangladesh .
 On 14 April 2009 , the Hollywood Chamber of Commerce awarded Harrisons Hindu a star on the Walk of Fame in front of the Capitol Records Building .
 McCartney , producer Jeff Lynne and former bandmate Tom Petty were present when the star was unveiled .
 Harrisons widow Harrisons Hindu , the actor Tom Hanks and Idle made speeches at the ceremony , and Harrisons Hindu son Dhani spoke the Hare Krishna mantra .
The documentary film , , was directed by Martin Scorsese and released in October 2011 .
 The film features interviews with Harrisons Hindu and Dhani Harrison , Klaus Voormann , Terry Gilliam , drummer Ringo Starr , Clapton , Keltner , McCartney , Jim Keltner and Astrid Kirchherr
Dr. Sangeeta Shankar is an Indian violinist who performs Hindustani classical music .
Sangeeta Shankar , was born in Banaras in a musical family to N. Rajam and T. S. Subramaniyan .
 Sangeeta started Sangeeta training at the age of four in Hindustani music under the unparalleled tutelage of Sangeeta mother .
 People often refer to Sangeeta music as the Singing Violin .
 Sangeeta is the niece of T. N. Krishnan .
 Sangeeta Shankar excelled in Sangeeta academics , with gold medals in Bachelors & Masters in Music , and also a Ph.D. in music from The Banaras Hindu University .
 Sangeeta first started performing on television when Sangeeta was 8 years old , and Sangeeta career has been forging ahead ever since .
 Sangeeta had the privilege of accompanying Sangeeta mother at the age of 13 , and gave a full-fledged debut solo performance when Sangeeta was as young as 16 .
 Sangeeta performance was much appreciated , and it wasnt long before Sangeeta made a mark in the Indian classical music industry .
Dr. Sangeeta Shankar had also organized a festival of young musicians in Varanasi called Abhinav , during the year 1984-85 .
 Sangeeta performs not only in various states and provinces of India , but also in numerous countries around the globe .
 Sangeeta plays violin in the Gayaki Ang .
 Sangeeta has performed across the globe and in numerous places throughout India .
 Sangeeta has performed in various countries in Europe , extensively toured the USA and Canada , and performed in countries like Russia , Holland , Japan , Singapore to name a few .
 Sangeeta also conceived and created a TV serial of 26 episodes , named Swar Sadhana in the year 2000 .
This serial was made for creating an awareness of Indian classical music among the masses .
Its highlights were the interesting story format and the participation of various prominent celebrities like Madhuri Dixit , Javed Akhtar , Zakir Hussain , Birju Maharaj , Jagjit Singh , Naushad , Amol Palekar , Pankaj Udhas , Yukta Mookhey , Kanak Rele , Suresh Wadkar , N. Rajam , Sadhana Sargam , Shankar Mahadevan , Annu Kapoor , Veena Sahasrabuddhe , and many others .
 Presently , Madhuri Dixit is the Director and founder of a music company , Legendary Legacy Promotions Pvt. Ltd. , which consists of a storehouse of excellent classical music and also other exclusive products .
 Currently , Madhuri Dixit is also educating the future film makers , imparting voice culture & music training at Whistling Woods International .
 Madhuri Dixit is working on an educational project called Milaap , which aims to educate children about values and culture and inculcate an atmosphere of happiness , love and peace amongst humanity
Malini Rajurkar is a noted Hindustani classical singer of Gwalior Gharana .
 Malini Rajurkar grew up in the state of Rajasthan in India .
 For three years Malini Rajurkar taught mathematics at the Savitri Girls ' High School & College , Ajmer , where Malini Rajurkar had graduated in the same subject .
 Taking advantage of a three-year scholarship that came Malini Rajurkar way , Malini Rajurkar finished Malini Rajurkar Sangeet Nipun from the Ajmer Music College , studying music under the guidance of Govindrao Rajurkar and Govindrao Rajurkar nephew , who was to become Malini Rajurkar future husband , Vasantrao Rajurkar .
 Malini Rajurkar has performed in major music festivals in India , including Gunidas Sammelan , Tansen Samaroh , Sawai Gandharva Festival , and Shankar Lal Festival .
 Malini Rajurkar is noted especially for Malini Rajurkar command over the Tappa genre .
 Malini Rajurkar has also sung lighter music .
 Malini Rajurkar renditions of two Marathi natyageete , pandu-nrupati janak jaya and naravar krishnasamaan , have been particularly popular
Dhondutai Kulkarni , is perhaps the last living icon of the Jaipur-Atrauli Gharana .
The legendary Alladiya Khan , who founded the Jaipur-Atrauli Gharana , made this Gharana unique by its full-throated singing , its complicated Taans , and its vast repertoire of Raags , which Dhondutai Kulkarni represents very well .
 Dhondutai Kulkarni , popularly known as Gaan-Yogini , was born in a Brahmin family in Kolhapur , Maharashtra .
Dhondutais father initiated her into music .
 From Dhondutais father she became an AIR performing artiste at the age of eight .
 She then started training under Bhurji Khan , whose father , Alladiya Khan , had a special care for Dhondutai Kulkarni , and it was not uncommon to find her sitting next to the legendary performer at music festivals .
Her training continued under the mentorship of Laxmibai Jadhav and Ustad Azizuddin Khan , grandson of the legendary Alladiya Khan .
From Ut .
Azizuddin Khan she received most of her repertoire of rare Ragas .
Thereafter , she spent a long number of years under the immensely distinguished knowledge of Kesarbai Kerkar , ending up as her sole disciple .
 Her incredible repertoire of ragas sees to Her incredible repertoire of ragas that she rarely repeats a raga at two consecutive concerts .
 Dhondutai Kulkarni knows specialty Raag creations made not just by Alladiya Khan but also Kesarbai Kerkar .
 At age 86 , Dhondutai Kulkarni is saluted not just for her musical contributions , but also for her quality as a performing artist .
 Dhondutai Kulkarni has been awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 1990 .
She also has been invited to the Surashri Kesarbai Kerkar Sangeet Sammelan since its beginnings , she sings last at the concert .
Namita Devidayals book The Music Room chronicles a significant part of Dhondutais life , music and career .
 Namita Devidayals is one of Dhondutais students and learned from Namita Devidayals over a period of 25 years .
 The book talks about the life and music of Alladiya Khan , Kesarbai Kerkar and Dhondutai Kulkarni
Pandit Nayan Ghosh is an Indian tabla and sitar player .
Nayans first solo was broadcast at the age of 4 , in 1960 .
 Nayans first solo started performing at international music festivals and universities at the age of 18 , in 1974 .
 Over the years , Nayans first solo has also taught as a distinguished visiting professor at such bodies like the Kent State University and the Emory University .
A 1998 recipient of the Achievement Award from the Governor of California , Gray Davis in Los Angeles , Nayan has accompanied such reputed musicians as Ravi Shankar , Vilayat Khan and Nikhil Banerjee , Buddhadev Dasgupta , Shivkumar Sharma , Amjad Ali Khan , Jasraj , Halim Jaffer Khan , Rais Khan , Shamim Ahmed Khan , Munawwar Ali Khan , Salamat Ali Khan , Sharan Rani , Rajeev Taranath , Ashish Khan and L. Subramaniam .
Like his father who interacted with jazz artists Louis Armstrong , Duke Ellington and Dave Brubeck , Nayan too jammed with avant-garde pianist Yosuke Yamashita and guitarist Kazumi Watanabe in Tokyo and Kidd Jordan and Henry Butler in New Orleans .
 Nayan Ghosh has to Pandit Nayan Ghosh credit several CD albums on noted international labels besides collaboration with acknowledged world musicians like Paul Grant , John Bailey and Ross Daly .
Nayan is presently Director of the Sangeet Mahabharati music academy in Mumbai , and is also a Distinguished Guest Professor at IIT-Bombay .
Nayan played a vital role in the completion of his late fathers magnum-opus , The Oxford Encyclopedia of the Music of India , which was published worldwide in 2011
The samavadi is the second-most prominent note of a raga in Indian classical music .
The primary note of the raga is the vadi ; the vadi and samvadi are in most cases a fourth or fifth apart .
A samvadi is a note of special significance .
A performer will typically try to emphasize the samvadi along with the vadi when improvising on a certain raga .
The vadi and samvadi can be crucial in defining the raga at hand , and in some cases two ragas with the same arohana and avrohana can be distinguished only by the prominence of their sonant and consonant notes
Geeta Javdekar is a Hindustani classical vocalist belonging to the Jaipur-Atrauli gharana .
 Born in Dharwad , Karnataka , Geeta Javdekar is a resident of Mumbai , India .
 Geeta Javadekar is the daughter of Narasimha M. Joshi and Smt .
Nalinibai Joshi .
 Geetas maternal house is situated in Mangalwar Peth , Dharwad , the cultural capital of Karnataka .
 Geeta Javadekar was initiated into music at the age of 10 by Shri R. P. Hugar and went on to win top honours at district and state-level contests .
 Geeta Javadekar topped the merit list in both , the Sangeet Visharad and Sangeet Alankar examinations and received a scholarship from the Mysore State Sangeet Natak Academy .
 Geeta Javadekar stood first in the B.A. examination of Karnataka University with a record number of marks at the time .
 Academically , Geeta Javadekar furthered Geeta Javadekar career with M.A. in English Literature .
 Geeta Javadekar continued Geeta Javadekar tutelage under several maestros : Pt .
 Panchakshari , Smt .
Padmavati Shaligram and Pt .
Ratnakar Pai and also received guidance from Padma Vibhushan Pandit Mallikarjun Mansoor .
 In addition to classical music , Ratnakar Pai has been applauded for Ratnakar Pai rendition of light classical themes including bhajans in various languages , and thumris .
 An A grade artist of All India Radio and Doordarshan , Ratnakar Pai has given several noted performances including the Durbar Hall of the Mysore Palace , the Savai Gandharv Festival at Pune , The National Center for Performing Arts , Mumbai , and the Hampi Festival , Karnataka and continues to perform at various prestigious music conferences in Mumbai , India as well as in the United States , United Kingdom , and the Gulf .
 Ratnakar Pai has toured the United States several times for concert performances , which include programmes organized by the Indian Academy of Performing Arts at Rutgers University , NJ , Basant Bahar in the Bay Area , California , Triveni & the SV Temple organization in Pittsburg , PA as well as the Raga Music Circle in Manhattan , NY .
In February 2008 , Smt .
 Geeta Javadekar was awarded the Vardharaj Adya Memorial Award , instituted by Karnataka Sangha in Mumbai .
 Geeta Javadekar was honored for rendering distinguished service in the field of music and promoting closer ties between the people of the neighbouring Indian states , Karnataka and Maharashtra
Kris Chetan Ramlu , is a New Zealand musician , sometimes known by the stage name Cheats .
 Though Kris Chetan Ramlu main instrument is the tabla , Kris Chetan Ramlu plays many other percussion instruments .
 Kris Chetan Ramlu biggest musical influence is Ustad Zakir Hussain , a virtuoso percussionist whose name is synonymous with the tabla .
 Kris Chetan Ramlu plays Vhatkar Tabla and Meinl Percussion .
 Kris Chetan Ramlu started playing the tabla at the age of 10 and was trained by Dr. Tarlochan Singh , Muhammad Sardar Khan and Shantanu Kinjawadekar .
 Kris Chetan Ramlu has also trained in the art of Indian classical singing with Sumeet Tappoo and briefly with Pandit Vithal Rao .
 More recently , Kris Chetan Ramlu has worked with many western and Indian artists , perhaps most notably with Vaishali Samant , a Bollywood playback singer and MTV Asia Award nominated pop artist ; with Rhian Sheehan , a Wellington electronica artist whose debut album Paradigm Shift was named New Zealand album of the year by music critic Colin Morris ; and with Raashi Malik from the Wellington super-dub band Rhombus .
 Kris Chetan Ramlu has also worked with international musicians Angaraag Mahanta , Sumeet Tappoo , Amit Choubey , Piush Pawar , Milind Sheorey , Narendra Salaskar and New Zealand musicians Tim Beals , Des Mellon , Jess Chambers , Andy Hummel , Jarrod Woods , James Wylie , Miles Crayford and Onomatopoeia .
 Kris Chetan Ramlu is currently working with Moksha an Indian fusion band
Pandit Amar Nath was an Indian classical vocalist .
 Pandit Amar Nath was the first and closest disciple of Ustad Amir Khan .
Amar Nath was born in 1924 in Jhang in Punjab , now in Pakistan .
 Pandit Amar Nath learned music from B.N. Datta of Lahore from 1942 to 1947 .
 Pandit Amar Nath moved to Delhi after the partition of India .
 After several failed attempts , he convinced Amir Khan to accept Ustad Amir Khan as a disciple .
 Besides devoutly following Amir Khans style , teaching and demonstrating the style , Amar Nath also served at All India Radio for eight years , and later as Director of Kala Sangam in Delhi , and also provided music for the 1955 film Garam Coat and for a documentary on Mirza Ghalib
Abhijit Banerjee is a leading tabla player in India .
 Abhijit Banerjee started learning Tabla at the age of four .
 Abhijit Banerjee received Abhijit Banerjee first instruction from Tushar Kanti Bose and later from Manik Pal .
 Abhijit Banerjee is a leading disciple of Pt .
Jnan Prakash Ghosh , a doyen of Indian Classical Music .
 Abhijit Banerjee also learned vocal from Pandit Ajoy Chakrabarty and violin from Guru Ma Annapurna Devi .
 Abhijit Banerjee has accompanied maestros such as Pt .
Ravi Shankar , late Pt .
Nikhil Banerjee , Begum Parveen Sultana , Pt .
Jasraj , Pt Shiv Kumar Sharma , Dr. Balamurali Krishnan .
 Abhijit Banerjee has established Abhijit Banerjee as major solo tabla player and has performed in major festivals in India .
Abijit has toured extensively in USA , Canada , U.K. , Europe , Japan , Australia , South Africa , South East Asia and Mexico .
 Abhijit Banerjee has collaborated in the world crossover music .
Released Cd with Ry Cooder .
Larry Corryell .
 Larry Corryell . has participated in Womad Festival with Trilok Gurtu .
 Larry Corryell . other main CDs include Peshkash , , his own project TARANG , Hollow bamboo , Teentaal , True rhythms of India .
 Larry Corryell . has Larry Corryell . own touring ensemble named his own project TARANG and Larry Corryell . is also member of Raga Jazz group , Arohi Ensemble .
 Larry Corryell . has founded the Dhwani Academy of Percussion Music .
 the Dhwani Academy of Percussion Music is mainly a percussion academy inclined to teach Tabla along with other Indian percussion instruments like Pakhwaj , Ghatam , etc. .
 Dhwani is in India and also in Los Angeles and New York .
 India academy was established in 2001 and Los Angeles academy was established in 2004 .
New York was established in 2006 .
and had sex .
 Other than teaching and research , the academy in India gives free teaching to visually challenged students for last 10 years .
www.dhwaniacademy.net Through this school he conducts workshops and classes all over the world .
 As a composer Abhijit has scored music for TV serials in India , Documentary film , Tele films , Tele films produced by KatKatha , Whittier College drama Dept and some more project like Bengali Diaspora by Monalisa Dasgupta .
 Abhijit Banerjee has produced The Drance Drama of TAGORE Chitrangada in Balinese way .
The production is a dance drama with Indian Dance and Balinese dancers .
The music is a unique fusion of balinese music and Indian Music .
 Balinese was in Bali as an Apex fellow from UCLA and interacted with Balinese musicians like Dewa Brata and Cudamani group .
 Balinese is a graduate in English literature and post graduate in Journalism .
Abhijit banerjee has scored music for the whittier college production Ephigenia and sisters .
a Live drama series of five days .
 Abhijit Banerjee is working with Kenny Endo and Jhn Santos with the project Uncommon times .
 A project of Tabla , Timbales and Taiko .
 Timbales work and association with Kenny Endo is not new .
 They have worked in Timbales own project TARANG and in Appex .
This unique project Uncommon Times is being performed in many places .
on 24 March Abhijit is performing at San Francisco jazz festival with the other team members of uncommon times and renowned Cuban Pianist Omar Sasha .
 Abhijit Banerjee conducted seminar on In search of Unity through Music at Ramkrishna Mission institute of culture , Kolkata on February 9 10 and 11th .
 Abhijit Banerjee gave a theme lecture on the beginning of the seminar along with dignitaries like Dr. Karan Sing , Pt .
Vijay Kichlu , Prof. Amlan Dasgupta were present .
 Abhijit Banerjee was invited by Jadavpur University , KOlkata on 15 January to deliver lecture on traditionalism in Music .
2 .
Interview with Abhijit Banerjee published in Slovak magazine Novy Popular
Ginde was born in Belgaum , Karnataka .
 Ginde comes from a musical family and started Ginde musical training at the age of six .
 Ginde began playing the bansuri during worship of their family deity , Krishna , and later acquired advanced training under the guidance of Devendra Murdeshwar , disciple and friend of Pannalal Ghosh .
 Ginde has won awards and performed on All India Radio and Doordarshan for four decades .
 Ginde is credited with the designing of a new flute , which Ginde named Keshav Venu , which can produce 3.5 octaves as against the maximum of 2.5 octaves achieved by other flutists .
This special flute is 42 inches long and has been kept in the Archives of the Sangeet Natak Akademi in Delhi .
The flute has also been recognized by the Limca Book of Records as the only flute that can produce 3.5 octaves .
Ginde sir created Raga AnandSagar .
 And Raga AnandSagar disciple Azaruddin developed flute which can be played in the Laraj saptak his disciple Azaruddin named This special flute as Anahat Venu
Adil Hussaini trained under legendary singer , Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan .
 Adil Hussain , apart from Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan , performed with classical music maestros like Pandit Shiv Kumar Sharma , Hari Prasad Chaurasia Taufiq Qureshi , Ustad Sultan khan , Louise Banks , Sonu Nigam & Shaan , Talat Aziz , Jagjit Singh , Sonu Nigam & Shaan etc. .
 Adil Hussaini performed at South Asia Inter-fath Harmony Conclave held in New Delhi in April 2007
Allauddin Khan was a Bengali sarodiya and multi-instrumentalist , composer and one of the most renowned music teachers of the 20th century in Indian classical music .
In 1935 , he toured Europe , along with Uday Shankar s ballet troupe , and later also worked at his institute , Uday Shankar India Culture Centre at Almora for a while .
During his lifetime , he composed several ragas and laid the foundation of a modern Maihar gharana .
Amongst his recordings which are rare , the most important ones are those he recorded with the All India Radio in 1959-60 .
He was the father of sarod maestro Ali Akbar Khan and Annapurna Devi , and the uncle of Raja Hossain Khan , as well as the guru of Ravi Shankar , Nikhil Banerjee , Vasant Rai , Pannalal Ghosh , Bahadur Khan , Sharan Rani , Jyotin Bhattacharya and other influential musicians .
 He himself was a disciple of many great musicians , including Gopal Chandra Banerjee , Lobo , a bandmaster from Goa , Munne Khan , and most importantly after a lot of struggle managed to become a shagird of the legendary Veena player , Wazir Khan of Rampur .
 He was awarded the Padma Vibhushan , Indias second highest civilian honour in 1971 , and prior to that in 1954 , the Sangeet Natak Akademi awarded him with Indias second highest civilian honour highest honour , the Sangeet Natak Akademi Fellowship for lifetime contribution to Indian music .
Allauddin Khan was born in Shibpur village in Brahmanbaria District , the son of Sabdar Hossain Khan , also known as Sadhu Khan .
Allauddins elder brother , Fakir Aftabuddin , first taught him the basics of music at home .
 At the age of ten , Allauddin himself ran away from home to join a jatra band , a traditional Bengali form of theater .
 This experience exposed Allauddin himself to the rich folk tradition of Bengal .
 After some time , Allauddin himself went to Kolkata , and was accepted as a student by singer Gopal Krishna Bhattacharya , alias Nulo Gopal .
 Allauddin himself committed to a 12-year practice program ; However , Nulo Gopal died of plague after the seventh year .
Khan then became a disciple of Amritalal Dutt , a close relative of Swami Vivekananda and music director at Kolkatas Star Theatre , with the goal of becoming an instrumentalist .
 At this time , he also took lessons in European classical violin from Lobo , a bandmaster from Goa , a bandmaster from Goa .
Khan got interested in sarod after a concert at Jagat Kishore Acharyas , zamindar of Muktagachha , where he listened to Ahmed Ali Khan , a student of Asghar Ali Khan .
 Alauddin became Alauddin student , and studied the sarod under Alauddin for five years .
 Alauddin next step was to go to Rampur for lessons from Wazir Khan Beenkar , court musician of the Nawab there , and one of the last direct descendants of the legendary Tansen .
 Through Alauddin , Alauddin was given access to the Senia gharana .
 Alauddin later became the court musician of Brijnath Singh Maharaja of Maihar Estate in Central Province .
 During Alauddin time as a court musician , Khan completely reshaped the Maihar gharana of Indian classical music .
 The Maihar gharana was established in the 19th Century , but Khans contribution was so fundamental that Khans contribution is often thought to be its creator .
This was a period of rapid change for Hindustani instrumental music , thanks not least to Khan , who infused the beenbaj and dhrupad ang , previously known from the been , surbahar and sur-sringar , into the playing of many classical instruments .
 For though Hindustani gave concerts on the sarod , Allauddin himself played many instruments , something that shaped Hindustani pedagogy .
 Hindustani put together an orchestra with Indian instruments , the String Band now known as Maihar Band , and while Hindustani son , Ali Akbar Khan , was taught the sarod , his daughter Annapurna Devi learned the surbahar , students such as Ravi Shankar and Nikhil Banerjee played the Sitar , Jyotin Bhattacharya played the sarod , Rabin Ghosh played on violin and Baijnath Singh and Pannalal Ghosh the bansuri bamboo flute .
Baijnath Singh was first and Vasant Rai was Allauddin Khans last student .
 Of course Ravi Shankar and Ali Akbar Khan were to be very famous and spread this gharana over the world - something that Allauddin Ravi Shankar had started when , in 1935-1936 , he went on an international tour with Uday Shankar s dance troupe .
 Allauddin himself stayed at Maihar Estate from 1918 to Allauddin himself death .
 In 1955 , Allauddin himself established a Maihar College of Music .
 Allauddin himself was given the Sangeet Natak Academy Award in 1952 , and the Padma Bhushan and Padma Vibhushan - Indias third and second highest civilian decorations - in 1958 and 1971 , respectively .
Anecdotes about Khan range from throwing a Tabla tuning hammer at the Maharaja himself to taking care of disabled beggars .
A few years before the turn of the century , he married Madanmanjari Devi .
He had one son and sarod heir , Ali Akbar Khan , and three daughters , Sharija , Jehanara and Annapurna who grew up as Roshanara Khan .
 Sharija died an early death suffering from diseases in Sharija childhood and when Jahanara got married and a jealous mother-in-law burnt her Tanpura , a shocked Alauddin Khan decided not to train Jahanara only remaining daughter .
 One day , however , Jahanara came home to discover Annapurna who grew up as Roshanara Khan teaching Sharija brother Ali Akbar Khan , and Sharija talent made the emotional father change his mind .
 Annapurna who grew up as Roshanara Khan learned classical vocal music , the Sitar , and Surbahar from Surbahar father .
 Surbahar later married and divorced Ravi Shankar .
 Khan was fond of sankeerna ragas , and created many ragas of his own , including Arjun , Bhagabati , Bhim , Bhuvaneshvari , Chandika , Dhabalashri , Dhankosh , Dipika , Durgeshvari , Gandhi , Gandhi Bilawal , Haimanti , Hem-Behag , Hemant Bhairav , Hemant Bhairav , Imni Manjh , Jaunpuri Todi , Kedar Manjh , Komal Bhimpalasi , Komal Marwa , Madanmanjari , Madhabsri , Madhavgiri , Malaya , Manjh Khamaj , Meghbahar , Muhammed , Nat-Khamaj , Prabhakali , Raj Bijoy , Rajeshri , Shobhavati , Subhabati , Sugandha and Surasati .
Many of these have not become common Maihar repertoire ; Manjh Khamaj is perhaps the best known .
Some of Allauddins recordings have been released on CD , on the Great Garanas : Maihar compilation in RPG / EMI s Chairmans Choice series
Devaki Pandit is an Indian playback singer .
 Devaki Pandit is also a trained classical singer .
Devaki Pandit was born in Maharashtra , India to Usha Pandit .
 Devaki Pandit was introduced to music at the age of two , and is a third generation musician from the Devaki Pandit household .
 Devaki Pandit received Devaki Pandit initial music training from Devaki Pandit mother Usha Pandit .
 Devaki Pandit trained under Vasantrao Kulkarni for 10 years , Jitendra Abhisheki for twelve years and from Kishori Amonkar for four years .
 Since 2003 , Devaki Pandit is training under Babanrao Haldankar .
 Devaki Pandit gave Devaki Pandit to Devaki Pandit first stage performance at age nine .
 In 1977 , at the age of twelve Devaki Pandit recorded Devaki Pandit first song - a balgeet for Polydor Records .
 In 1986 , Devaki Pandit recorded Devaki Pandit first playback song for the Ardhangi which went on to win Devaki Pandit the Maharashtra State Award for Best Female Playback Singer .
 Devaki Pandit is well known for Devaki Pandit several Zee Marathi serial title songs especially Abhalmaya of Zee Marathi .
 Besides Zee Marathi , Devaki Pandit has also sung songs in Hindi .
 Devaki Pandit recently judged the multi episode vocal talent show Sa Re Ga Ma Pa on Zee Marathi and was known to the public for Devaki Pandit accurate judgement and excellent guidance .
 In Spandan Devaki Pandit has given Devaki Pandit voice to the songs Chal chaal chaal tu bala and Ya Jagnyacha .
The song Chal chaal chaal tu bala features more than 50 cerebral palsy kids .
Devaki Pandit composed Shreeramraksha Stotram , Aradhana Mahakali & Ganaadheesh .
 Devaki Pandit sung the Ram Raksha Stotra in 32 different Hindustani Classical Raagas
 His Adana is an Indian raga .
 It is also called His Adana raga Darbari Kanada .
 It is often sang or played in drut laya after a vilambit composition in raga Darbari Kanada , as His Adana is straighter than Darbari in His Adana chalan , thus allowing faster passages .
 The flow of this raga is similar to a mix of Madhyamad Saranga with Darbari in its chalan .
Another common vivadi some artists use sparingly is shuddha ni which enhances the Saranga mood of the raga .
 Flat Ga is usually omitted in ascent and in descent always appears in the distinctive raga Darbari Kanada phrase g M R S. Flat Dha is present in descent , but one should never linger on it .
In fact it is omitted by some musicians completely .
Most movements are in the upper tetrachord , around high Sa .
It is very common to begin the elaboration of this raga with high Sa .
 His Adana was a major raga in the 17th century and a combination of the then current ragas Malhar and raga Darbari Kanada .
 In a ragamala from Mewar a ragamala from Mewar is depicted as an ascetic man sitting on a tiger skin , however , Somanatha describes Mewar as Kama the god of love .
 Mewar Adana was quite different from the raga as a ragamala from Mewar is performed today
Sham Chaurasia gharana is a gharana in Hindustani classical music , known for the singing of vocal duets , most notably represented in modern times by the brothers Salamat Ali Khan and Nazakat Ali Khan .
The gharana is centered at a village of the same name in the Hoshiarpur district of Punjab ; variant spellings include Shamchurasi etc. .
The gharana is believed to have been founded in the 16th century by .
Mian Chand Khan and Mian Suraj Khan who were contemporaries of Mian Tansen at the court of Mughal emperor Akbar .
Successive generations of musicians in the gharana specialised in the dhrupad form of .
singing and evolved a tradition of duet vocal jugalbandi performances .
 Mian Karim Bukhsh Majzoob , Ustad Ahmed Ali Khan , Ustad Ahmed Ali Khan .
Niaz Hussain Shami , and Ustad Vilayat Ali Khan were .
some of the illustrious members of the Sham Chaurasi gharana .
The township of Sham Chaurasia was named after a cluster of 84 villages which constituted a land revenue unit in the time of Ranjit Singh .
 According to one legend , the founders were given a parcel of land here as a grant to them by Mughal emperor Akbar .
Around the turn of the century , the gharana was represented by Ustad Vilayat Ali Khan , who was noted for his dhrupad singing .
 His sons , Nazakat and Salamat Ali Khan , were to become particularly well known for Nazakat duet singing .
Some of the most memorable classical music of modern times have been sung by the brothers Ustad Nazakat Ali Khan and Salamat Ali Khan .
 Salamat Ali Khan showed an early genius for music , and apparently they performed on radio in 1942 , when Salamat Ali Khan was only 8 .
 At the age of 11 Salamat Ali Khan travelled with Nazakat to Amritsar for a memorable concert : .
After the partition , the family moved to Lahore and emerged as one of the leading performers of Classical music in Pakistan .
Hameed Naseem of Radio Pakistan once remarked about them : Tansen issi tarah gata ho ga !

A number of their recordings exist from their very fruitful partnership .
 Subsequently , they broke up , and Nazakat was to die shortly , but Salamat Ali Khan continued singing along with Salamat Ali Khan sons .
Sharafat Ali Khan and Shafqat Ali Khan , who continue the Sham Chaurasia tradition today
Saadat Awan is a Washington DC native , by way of Pakistan and Afghanistan .
 a Bhangra DJ with the alias : Beta-G is a member of The Cassettes , Metropolitan band , and Thievery Corporation side projects International Velvet and I.C.U. .
 a Bhangra DJ with the alias : Beta-G was also a former member of Travis Morrison Hellfighters , and has also worked with Lori Carson , These United States , Nima Majd and others in the past .
 a Bhangra DJ with the alias : Beta-G is a self-taught drummer , bassist , guitarist , keyboardist , and tabla player .
 a Bhangra DJ with the alias : Beta-G has been exploring a Bhangra DJ with the alias : Beta-G roots in a Bhangra DJ with the alias : Beta-G work with The Cassettes , as well as in Metropolitan band .
 a Bhangra DJ with the alias : Beta-G sings in Urdu on a The Cassettes song entitled Muja Achi Larki Daydo , as well as on Metropolitan band s Pakistan International , a song about a Bhangra DJ with the alias : Beta-G trips to , and experiences in , Pakistan with a Bhangra DJ with the alias : Beta-G family , during his childhood .
 Recently a Bhangra DJ with the alias : Beta-G recorded with The Torches who feature Stephen Guidry from The Cassettes on Banjo and Vocals .
And has been back in the studio to record for a future project with Shelby Cinca , also from The Cassettes , and Nick Kraly .
The Band is also scheduled to go back into the studio in the Fall of 2011 for their fifth effort .
Saadat Awan is also a Bhangra DJ with the alias : Beta-G .
In 2009 , The U.S. Department of Bhangra began as a way to help charities and non-profits in DC gain exposure and have fun while raising funds for good causes .
The USDB has grown to become one of Washington DCs premiere Bhangra parties , receiving some rave reviews in The Washington Post , Washingtonian Magazine , and other media and blogs .
 a Bhangra DJ with the alias : Beta-G , as Beta-G , has also been featured on a track by fellow Washington DC DJ collective Fort Knox Five called Bhangra Paanch on which a Bhangra DJ with the alias : Beta-G provides Vocals in a Bhangra DJ with the alias : Beta-G native Punjabi
Ustad Barkat Ali Khan was an Indian classical singer , younger brother of Bade Ghulam Ali Khan and elder brother of Mubarak Ali Khan , and belonging to the Patiala gharana .
Barkat Ali Khan was born in Kasur , then in the Punjab province in British India .
 Ustad Barkat Ali Khan had Ustad Barkat Ali Khan initial training from Ustad Barkat Ali Khan father Ali Baksh Khan and later by Bade Ghulam Ali Khan .
After partition , Barkat Ali Khan migrated to Pakistan and concentrated on the lighter aspects of Hindustani classical .
 Ustad Barkat Ali Khan was acknowledged as one of the great exponents of Thumri , Dadra , Geet and Ghazal , and was well known for both Purab and Punjab ang Thumris .
 Many still consider Many a superior thumri singer than Many elder brother , though Many didnt receive acknowledgement to the extent Bade Ghulam Ali Khan did .
 Many taught noted ghazal singer Ghulam Ali
Baiju Bawra or Baijnath Prasad or Baijnath Mishra was an Indian dhrupad singer .
 Baiju Bawra , a Hindi - language film was the court musician of Raja Mansingh Tomar of Gwalher , now Gwalior , along with Nayak Charju , Bakshu , Tansen and others .
Much of the information on Baiju Bawra is legendary and not historically verifiable .
 Baiju Bawra , a Hindi - language film was born in Chanderi on Sharad Purnima in the month of Ashwini in 1599 according to Vikram Samvat calendar .
 Baiju Bawra , a Hindi - language film was called Baiju Bawra , a Hindi - language film because Baiju Bawra , a Hindi - language film was insanely in love with Kalavati dancer in Chanderi .
 kind-hearted Baiju learnt Dhrupad music by Guru HariDas Goswami in Vrindavan .
 Baiju Bawra , a Hindi - language film was a musician at the court of the Raja of Chanderi .
 Later , Baiju Bawra , a Hindi - language film became a musician at the court of Raja Mansingh of Gwalher .
 Sultan Bahadur Shah of Gujarat had also patronized kind-hearted Baiju .
 Like Tansen , the musician at the court of Mughal Emperor Akbar , Baiju Bawra , a Hindi - language film was a disciple of Swami Haridas .
 According to historical books preserved in Jai Vilas Mahal in Gwalior , Jai Vilas Mahal in Gwalior would light oil lamps by singing Raga Deepak , make Gwalior rain by singing the ragas raga Charju ki Malhar , Megh Malhar , or Gaud Malhar , and bloom flowers by singing raga Bahar as well as melting of stone by singing raga malkauns .
 Besides Tansen , renowned singers , Baba Ram Das , who composed raga Ramdasi Malhar , and Nayak Charju , who composed raga Charju ki raga Charju ki Malhar , were kind-hearted Baiju contemporaries .
 Historian Abul Fazal at Emperor Akbar s court and historian Faqirullah at Emperor Aurangzeb s court have written that kind-hearted Baiju defeated Tansen in a singing competition at the court of Akbar .
 Tansen then touched kind-hearted Baiju feet and asked for his own life .
 In response , kind-hearted Baiju went back to Gwalior .
 kind-hearted Baiju died of typhoid at the age of 71 on the eve of the Indian festival , Basant Panchami in Vikram Samvat 1670 in chanderi .
 Baiju Bawra , a Hindi - language film was made on Baiju Bawra , a Hindi - language film in 1952 .
 In the movie , kind-hearted Baiju is a musician who believes that Tansen is responsible for his fathers death .
 kind-hearted Baiju attempts to avenge kind-hearted Baiju fathers death by challenging Tansen to a musical duel and is successful in defeating kind-hearted Baiju .
 This films story is completely different from kind-hearted Baiju real life , but still became a huge commercial success , especially due to the songs like O Duniya Ke Rakhwale sung by the legendary singer Mohammed Rafi
Geet Ramayan is a collection of 56 Marathi language songs chronologically describing events from the Indian Hindu epic , the Ramayana .
It was broadcast by All India Radio , Pune in 1955-1956 , four years before television was introduced in India .
 Written by G. D. Madgulkar and the songs being composed by Sudhir Phadke , Geet Ramayan was acclaimed for writer G. D. Madgulkar lyrics , music and singing .
 It is considered a milestone of Marathi light music and the most popular Marathi version of the Ramayana , the demon-king Ravana .
 The team of writer G. D. Madgulkar and Musical director Sudhir Phadke presented a new song every week for a year with every song being aired first on a Friday morning and then again on Saturday and Sunday a Friday morning , between 8:45 AM and 9:00 AM IST .
The programs first song Kusa Lava Ramayan Gati was aired on 1 April 1955 .
 Though Geet Ramayan is based on sage Valmiki s epic the Ramayana , the demon-king Ravana , writer G. D. Madgulkar chose a different narrative format and was praised for the lyrics , and was called Adhunik Valmiki .
The Geet Ramayan is considered as the crescendo of Madgulkars literary vigour .
 Musical director Sudhir Phadke mainly used ragas of Hindustani classical music to compose the songs .
 Musical director Sudhir Phadke also selected the raga and the Tala of a song to suit the time of the incident and the narrative mood .
 The poet and composer were praised for The poet and composer contribution to the series .
 The series showcased a total of 32 various characters from the Ramayana , the demon-king Ravana .
 Rama being the lead character of the series was given maximum number of songs , followed by eight songs for the loss Sita .
 writer G. D. Madgulkar expressed The poet and composer various moods , ranging from The poet and composer divinity to the human weaknesses .
 Incidentally , the central antagonist of the the Ramayana , the demon-king Ravana and Geet Ramayan , the demon-king Ravana , was not given any song .
 The series is narrated by Kusha and Lava , twin sons of Rama and the loss Sita , and the writer of the Ramayana , the demon-king Ravana was also given one song in the series .
With increasing popularity since its release , Geet Ramayan has been translated into nine other languages : five Hindi translations and one each in Bengali , English , Gujarati , Kannada , Konkani , Sanskrit , Sindhi and Telugu .
It has also been transliterated into Braille .
Geet Ramayan was conceptualized in 1955 , four years before the introduction of television in India in 1959 .
 During the early days of All India Radio , Pune , station director Sitakant Lad wanted to begin a radio programme which would be entertaining and provide moral education .
 station director Sitakant Lad hence outlined station director Sitakant Lad plan to poet and writer G. D. Madgulkar .
Since the Ramayana is an Indian epic , Lad and Madgulkar came up with an idea of a version in singable verse .
 writer G. D. Madgulkar accepted the challenge , enlisting station director Sitakant Lad music-director friend Sudhir Phadke for the collaboration .
 The team of writer G. D. Madgulkar and Musical director Sudhir Phadke would present a new song every week for a year .
 Every song would be aired first on a Friday morning and then again on Saturday and Sunday a Friday morning , between 8:45 am and 9:00 am IST .
The programme was initially planned for a year , but 1955 in the Hindu calendar had an extra month ; therefore , four songs were added to extend the series to a total of fifty-six .
 Apart from the number of songs , writer G. D. Madgulkar and Musical director Sudhir Phadke left music , lyrics and choice of singers ad libitum .
 writer G. D. Madgulkar was given artistic liberty for the choice of the meters for the song , execution of the story line , and the message Musical director Sudhir Phadke could convey through it .
Initially , the programme was scheduled to begin on the occasion of Gudi Padwa , beginning of the New year according to the lunisolar Hindu calendar but later finalized to be Rama Navami , traditional birthday of Rama .
The programs first song Kusa Lava Ramayan Gati was aired on 1 April 1955 at 8:45 am IST .
 Vidya Madgulkar , the poets wife , recalled in an interview that writer G. D. Madgulkar wrote the first song and gave it to Musical director Sudhir Phadke the day before the recording ; however , Musical director Sudhir Phadke lost the lyrics .
 With the broadcast already scheduled , station director Sitakant Lad requested writer G. D. Madgulkar to re-write the song which was readily declined by an angered poet .
 Lad then decided to lock the poet in one of recording rooms equipped with all the required writing material and agreed to unlock the door only when writer G. D. Madgulkar is ready with the lyrics .
 writer G. D. Madgulkar then rewrote the lyrics from memory in fifteen minutes so Musical director Sudhir Phadke could compose the music .
 Though Adhunik Valmiki was the main inspiration for the Geet Ramayan , writer G. D. Madgulkar chose a different narrative format .
 Adhunik Valmiki used a simple lyrical format with a flexible number of stanzas .
The metre used was similar to Bhavageete , with roughly the same number of matras in each line .
The metre was also suited to the narration and the characters who sang the song .
 writer G. D. Madgulkar used various formats , including narrative , descriptive and communal songs .
 Bhavageete was praised for Bhavageete lyrics , and was called Adhunik Valmiki ; and the Geet Ramayan is considered the crescendo of Madgulkars literary vigour .
 Madgulkars narrative format was different than that of Valmikis where Bhavageete did not end the series with the coronation of Rama and the loss Sita , but included Sitas abandonment by Rama , and her giving birth to the twins , Lava and Kusha .
 However , Bhavageete chose not to include the last episode of Sitas final confrontation in Ramas court and Ramas entering the earth .
 writer G. D. Madgulkar ended the series with the song Ga Balano , Shriramayan which was voiced by Adhunik Valmiki where Adhunik Valmiki tells Adhunik Valmiki disciples , Lava and Kusha , how his disciples , Lava and Kusha should recite the Ramayana in front of Rama .
 Evidently , this also completes the cycle of songs where it had begun , with Lava and Kusha singing in Ramas court .
 writer G. D. Madgulkar did not make any attempt to provide new interpretation or meaning to the Ramayana but told the same story in the simpler and poetic format .
 With inclusion of characters like Ahalya and Shabari , Ahalya included the sentiments of religious devotion and also gave divine touch to the story while describing the marriage of the loss Sita and Rama as a union of Maya and Brahman .
 Ahalya composed songs on all seven chapters or Kanda of the Ramayana , the demon-king Ravana .
Out of 56 songs , poet composed twelve songs on Balakanda , seven on Ayodhya Kanda , fourteen on Aranya Kanda , three on Kishkindha Kanda , four on Sundara Kanda , twelve on Yuddha Kanda and three on Uttara Kanda .
 As the series became popular , the daily newspapers in Pune began to print the text of the new song every week after its first airing .
The first official edition of the text of these fifty-six poems and their prose narrations came out on the occasion of Vijayadashami , October 3 , 1957 , published for Akashwani by the director of the Publications Division , Delhi , in pocketbook size .
 Musical director Sudhir Phadke composed the songs based on the ragas of Hindu classical music , including Bhopali , Bhimpalasi and Madhuvanti .
The raga and Tala of a song was selected to suit the time of the incident and the narrative mood .
For example , the song Cala Raghava Cala is composed as a Bibhas raga , and the song describes an event taking place in the morning .
The songs Aj Mi Sapmucta Jahale and Yacka , Thambu Nako Darata are not based on a specific raga , but include several ragas in each song .
The singers , which included Vasantrao Deshpande , Manik Varma , Suresh Haldankar , Ram Phatak and Lata Mangeshkar , were familiar with the vocal style of Indian classical music .
 Musical director Sudhir Phadke voiced all the songs for Rama , and well-known Kirana gharana singer Manik Varma voiced the character of the loss Sita .
 Lata Mangeshkar sang one song for the loss Sita , Maj Sang Laksmana , in which the loss Sita questions Rama about Lata Mangeshkar abandonment but Lata Mangeshkar question remains unanswered .
A total of 32 characters from the Ramayana were voiced in the Geet Ramayan .
 writer G. D. Madgulkar expressed the emotions of characters such as Rama , the loss Sita , Hanuman - the monkey god and devotee of Rama - and Lakshmana ; Hanuman also attempted to give voice to the humblest characters in the epic .
The vanara are given a song describing a bridge forming over the ocean so Rama and his army could cross to Lanka .
The poet noted that the song described the sacrifice of joint labour and was an example of the principle , Union is strength .
Nishadraj Guha and the boatmen who helped Rama in crossing the Ganges river expressed themselves in Nakos Nauke Parat Phiru .
 The author of the Ramayana , Adhunik Valmiki , was also given a song with The author of the Ramayana advice to Ramas sons Kusha and Lava before Kusha appear before Ramas .
 Being hero of the the Ramayana , the demon-king Ravana and Geet Ramayan , writer G. D. Madgulkar expressed the varied moods of Ramas ; he was the most-voiced character in the Geet Ramayan with ten songs , followed by Sita with eight .
 He portrayed Ramas as a complex character full of emotions and passions , with some of the questionable deeds , yet bound by a traditional virtue and the sanctity of a promise .
 writer G. D. Madgulkar voiced Ramas personal ethical dilemmas along with his courage , and steadfastness .
He was shown to be patient with his brothers and mothers , obedient of father and sages , heroic on the battlefield , and diplomatic when dealing with the monkey king , Vali .
 writer G. D. Madgulkar is said to have successfully shown Ramas divinity alongside his human weaknesses .
 He was shown to be distracted at the loss the loss Sita , and wailed in Lakshmana presence .
 In another situation , he uttered some heart-wrenching words to the loss Sita , in front of his army with blaming Lakshmana for all the happenings , and then he was also shown to explain his behavior with oaths and confessions of loyalty to the loss Sita .
 Ramas mother , Kausalya , sang three on Kishkindha Kanda songs ; Bharata brother Bharata , Bharata father Dasharatha , Hanuman , Lakshmana , the demon Surpanakha , Ramas guru-sage Vishvamitra and Kusha-Lava have two songs each .
 The central antagonist of the Ramayana , the demon-king Ravana , was not given a song ; his oppressive presence was expressed in prose narration , poetic descriptions and songs sung by the other characters .
After Geet Ramayans original broadcast was over in March of 1956 , requests of re-broadcast were flooding the radio station .
All-India Radio repeated the entire series of fifty-six weekly songs due to popular demand .
 After the broadcast , Musical director Sudhir Phadke produced public concerts of selected songs .
The first public performance was held in the Madgulkars bungalow , Panchavati at Wakdewadi , Pune on 28 May 1958 .
In 1979 , a Silver Jubilee celebration of the programme took place at the New English School in Pune for eight nights .
 Atal Bihari Vajpayee , the then Minister of External Affairs , attended the show as the guest of honour along with the then Deputy Prime Minister of India Yashwantrao Chavan , Bollywood film director Basu Bhattacharya , actor Dada Kondke , and celebrated classical singers such as Bhimsen Joshi and Kishori Amonkar .
 Atal Bihari Vajpayee also attended the Golden Jubilee celebration with Sharad Pawar and Bal Thackeray .
National Award-winning art director Nitin Chandrakant Desai designed the stage depicting scenes from the Ramayana .
The event featured all the songs from the original Geet Ramayan now vocalized by Shridhar Phadke , Suresh Wadkar , Upendra Bhat , Padmaja Phenany Joglekar and others .
 As the radio programme became popular , daily newspapers in Pune began printing the lyrics of the new songs each week .
The publication department of All India Radio also compiled the lyrics and excerpts from the introductory comments in a book form .
 The 179-page volume , then priced at 2 , was launched on 3 October 1957 on the occasion of Vijayadashami .
In 1965 , the HMV released ten LPs featuring the voice of Sudhir Phadke .
In 1968 , the Gramophone Company of India released a 10 - cassette set , again featuring Phadkes voice , and 50,000 records were sold .
Madgulkars son , Anand , produced a televised version showcasing twenty-eight episodes of the Geet Ramayan on Zee Marathi ; however , it received a lukewarm response .
 Anand has also written a book , Geet Ramayanache Ramayan , describing the making of the radio programme .
Live shows of Geet Ramayan are still produced on occasion of Rama Navami .
 Geet Ramayan has been translated into nine other languages and also transliterated into Braille .
The translations are :
Swaralipi is any system used in sheet music in order to represent aurally perceived music through the use of written for Indian classical music .
 The Indian scholar and musical theorist Pingala , in The Indian scholar Chanda Sutra , used marks indicating long and short syllables to indicate meters in Sanskrit poetry .
In the notation of Indian raga , a solfege-like system called sargam is used .
As in Western solfege , there are names for the seven basic pitches of a major scale .
The tonic of any scale is named Sa , and the dominant Pa. .
 Sa is fixed in any scale , and Pa is fixed at a fifth above Pa .
These two notes are known as achala swar .
 Each of the other five notes , Re , Ga , ma , Dha and Ni , can take a regular pitch , which is equivalent to Re pitch in a standard major scale , or an altered pitch , either a half-step above or half-step below the shuddha pitch .
 Re , Ga , Dha and Ni all have altered partners that are a half-step lower .
Ma has an altered partner that is a half-step higher .
 Re , Ga , ma , Dha and Ni are called vikrut swar .
 In the written system of Indian notation devised by Ravi Shankar , the pitches are represented by Western letters .
Capital letters are used for the achala swar , and for the higher variety of all the vikrut swar .
Lowercase letters are used for the lower variety of the vikrut swar
Szalai Peter is a Hungarian tabla player musician .
Peter Szalai plays North-Indian classical music and is one of the best west-born tabla musicians of our time .
 In Peter Szalai childhood Peter Szalai played the piano , and as stepson of Gyorgy Petri at the age of 16 on the advice of a family-friend Gyorgy Kurtag , he chose the Indian tabla drum pair as his instrument .
 The tabla is also a curiosity even among other Indian percussion instruments : the Indian tabla can be tuned to a specific pitch .
The many layers of skin and the special finger technique ensures a distinctive polyrhythmical sound .
 Because of all this the tabla does not only fill the role of a rhythmical instrument , but the Indian tabla also has a rich tone and musicality .
In the beginning Peter Szalai was the student of the magnificent Anthony Dass between 1982 and 1984 in both Budapest and India .
 In 1979/80 Peter Szalai tried Peter Szalai in two formations , the Creative Studio Five led by Zoltan Krulik and the Dimension led by Laszlo Des .
 Since 1980 Peter Szalai works together with the Indian classical music-playing Calcutta Trio and the Makam formation .
 In 1987 Peter Szalai played as a guest performer at the Jazz Jamboree in Warsaw with the S. Kulpowicz International Band on tabla and on other percussion instruments .
 In 1988 , during a longer Western-European tour and recording , Western-European played alongside Albert Mangelsdorf , W. Dauner and the Family of Percussion .
 The world-famous tabla master , Ustad Alla Rakha invited Peter Szalai to be Peter Szalai student .
 Upon Ustad Alla Rakha effect Ustad Alla Rakha still strictly follows the traditions of the Punjab gharana .
 Parallel to this , Ustad Alla Rakha also developed a special master-student bond with Pandit Ravi Shankar , who Ustad Alla Rakha considers Ustad Alla Rakha guru not only in the field of Indian classical music .
Beside being a frequent guest of several Indian music festivals , he has intensive and lasting connections with his masters sons - Ustad Zakir Hussain , Fazal Qureshi and Taufiq Qureshi - even after the death of Ustad Alla Rakha in 2000 .
 As the member of the Calcutta Trio the member of the Calcutta Trio plays classical Indian music since 1980 to this very day .
The club of the formation is still functioning and meets monthly at the Marczibanyi Square Cultural Centre .
 Besides being the member of the Calcutta Trio , the member of the Calcutta Trio gave many thousands of concerts since 1980 .
 Many prominent Indian musicians chose the member of the Calcutta Trio as partner in Europe since the beginning of the 90s : Pr .
Debu Choudury , Nandkishor Muley , Gaurav Mazumdar , Shubhendra Rao Ustad Ikhlaq Hussain Khan and Debasish Ganguly .
 In 1992 , while still playing in a duo , Debu Choudury founded the Tin Tin with Szabolcs Szoke .
 Since 1994 Debu Choudury is the member of the Tin Tin Quartet and after a small hiatus Debu Choudury returned to the formation in 1997 which was at that time called the Tin Tin the Miklos Lukacs Quintet .
 In 2000 Debu Choudury contributed together with violinist Zoltan Lantos , jazz guitarist Gabor Juhasz and Debu Choudury own student Ivan Nyusztay to the establishment of the Samsara Quartet .
In 2002 the group also published a record .
 At present Debu Choudury is still a wanted musician for different jazz , etno and fusion productions .
 Since 2003 and 2006 Debu Choudury plays in such multi-faceted formations like Mitsoura , the Miklos Lukacs Quintet , the M. Trio and the Rubai Trio , etc. .
 As a guest performer he played at the concerts of Bea Palya , the Dresch Quartet , Bea Palya , Agi Szaloki , etc. .
He participated in the production of many records like Peter Ogi , Palle Mikkelborg , Djabe , Tibor Szemzo , etc. .
He considers teaching at RIMPA an important part of his work .
He was invited by Zoltan Racz to the Music Academy where he teaches classical Indian music theory for classical and jazz music students since 2009 .
In 2010 he organised the Spirit and Sound and String and Spirit performer nights with such musicians like Bea Palya , Agi Szaloki , Miklos Lukacs , Kalman Balogh , Rozsa Farkas , and the Miklos Lukacs Quintet .
A biographical documentary shortfilm made in 2011 about Peter Szalai title : Without Sheet Music .
And a portrait film made in 2013 about him title : Angel in the details
Ganapati Bhat is an Indian Hindustani classical vocalist .
 Ganapati Bhat lives and works in Hasanagi , a small village in the state of Karnataka in India .
Ganapati Bhat became interested in Hindustani classical music at a young age .
 Ganapati Bhat is a disciple of Basavaraj Rajguru , the maestro from Dharwad whose gayaki is based on the Kirana , the Gwalior and the Patiala gharanas .
 Ganapati Bhat started Ganapati Bhat training in music as a sitarist , but was drawn into Hindustani vocal music .
 Ganapati Bhat studied with C. R. Vyas and now trains young musicians in a Gurukula style setting in Hasanagi .
 Ganapati Bhat has performed in all the major Hindustani forums in India and abroad .
 Ganapati Bhat third tour to the United States of America , starts in May 2008 .
 In Ganapati Bhat last two trips to the US , Ganapati Bhat had concerts at Boston , Chicago , Dallas , Philadelphia , Pittsburgh , New York , San Francisco , Washington etc
Rambhau Kundgolkar , popularly known as Pandit Sawai Gandharva , was a popular Hindustani Classical vocalist and Marathi stage actor of the Kirana Gharana .
 Rambhau Kundgolkar was the first and foremost disciple of Utd .
Abdul Karim Khan and guru of Bharat Ratna laureate Pt .
Bhimsen Joshi .
Pt .
 Gandharva is most well known for popularizing the stylings of the Kirana Gharana through Pandit Bhimsen Joshi accomplished disciples , including Pt .
Bhimsen Joshi , Dr. Gangubai Hangal , Firoz Dastur , and Pt .
Basavaraj Rajguru .
Born Ramchandra Kundgolkar on January 19 , 1886 , in Kundgol , 19 km .
from Dharwad , Karnataka , he grew to be known as Rambhau .
His father , Ganesh Saunshi , was a local clerk employed by Ranganagowda Nadiger , a landlord .
Early on , Pt .
 Gandharva did not show interest in academics but progressed in school through the admiration Ganesh Saunshi teachers had for how sweetly Ganesh Saunshi sang poems .
 Later , Ganesh Saunshi was admitted to Lamington High School in Hubli which Ganesh Saunshi would travel to everyday by train .
Pt .
 Gandharvas father found Pt increasingly difficult to fund Gandharvas father sons education and eventually Gandharvas father schooling stopped .
 After discontinuing Gandharvas father education , Pt .
 Gandharvas father put Gandharvas father under the tutelage of Balwantrao Kolhatkar who found Gandharvas father in Kundgol .
From Kolhatkar , Pt .
Gandharva learned 75 Dhrupad compositions , 25 Tarana compositions , a hundred other compositions and also mastered a few Taals .
Kolhatkar died in 1898 , leaving Pt .
Gandharvas tutelage incomplete and without guidance .
 In traveling to high school everyday to Hubli , Pt .
 Gandharva would actively participate in the daily cultural events in Hubli , where Gandharvas spent Gandharvas time watching Nataks and listening to music .
 Once , Gandharvas found Gandharvas listening to a young Utd .
Abdul Karim Khan and was immediately captivated .
From then onwards , Pt .
Gandharva wished for the Ustads tutelage .
After Balwantrao Kolhatkars passing , Utd .
Abdul Karim Khan began touring Karnataka , where he often stayed with the Nadiger family , Pt .
Gandharvas fathers employer , whom Pt .
Gandharva was staying with .
It was a time when Ustad Abdul Karim Khan , the founder of Kirana Gharana , was touring Karnataka .
He would often stay with the Nadigers for days on end .
On such a trip , Ramchandra hovered around Abdul Karim Khan , humming jamunaa ke teer , the Ustad 's Bhairavi cheez .
It caught Abdul Karim Khan 's ear who asked , Kaun hai yeh ladkaa ?
Galaa achchaa hai .
 Rangangowda Nadiger pounced upon this opportunity : Ustadji , Rangangowda Nadiger is our clerk 's son .
 Rangangowda Nadiger wants to learn music from you .
Yeh baath hai tho chalo hamaare saath .
Fortune smiled on Ramchandra .
This was in 1901 .
Abdul Karim Khan did not want his name to be spoilt by disciples learning haphazardly .
He made a contract with them that they would learn from him for at least 8 years .
Rambhau did not complete his musical education .
 Against the wishes of his teacher , he joined a drama company and became popular as a singer in Marathi theatre .
 He received acclaimed for playing female roles , and also the title , Sawai Gandharva after , Bal Gandharva , the doyen of Marathi theatre .
He worked for Govindrao Tembe s Shivraj Natak Mandali for some time , becoming famous for playing female roles .
In 1942 , at the age of 56 , his concert career ended abruptly after he suffered a paralytic stroke .
Though he continued teaching , till the end of his life in 1952 .
 Although he became a well known classical vocalist , his most enduring legacy is that he trained great artists who would carry on the name of the Kirana Gharana , like Gangubai Hangal , Pandit Bhimsen Joshi , Basavaraj Rajguru and Pt .
Feroze Dastur .
 Pandit Bhimsen Joshi started the annual Sawai Gandharva Music Festival in Pune , in memory of Pandit Bhimsen Joshi guru Sawai Gandharva .
The festival was held on a modest scale for first two decades .
In 1970s and 1980s , its popularity skyrocketed
The Bhendibazaar gharana is one of the vocal gharanas of Indian classical music , which originated in Bhendi Bazaar area of Mumbai in 1890 .
The roots of bhendibazaar gharana lies in the much older Moradabad Gharana which is a complete Gharana both vocal and instrumental .
 The Bhendibazaar gharana was founded around 1890 by brothers Chhajju Khan , Nazir Khan and Khadim Hussain Khan in the Bhendi Bazaar bazaar area of Mumbai .
The features of this gharana include using aakaar for presenting khyals in an open voice , with clear intonation , a stress on breath-control , singing long passages in a single breath , a preference for madhyalaya and use of the well-known Khandmeru or Merukhand system for extended alaps .
Ustad Chhajju Khans son Ustad Aman Ali Khan , and Anjanibai Malpekar , are well-known exponents of this gharana .
 Amir Khan s father Shahmir Khan belonged to this gharana and passed on the tradition to Shahmir Khan son .
Ustad Chhajjoo Khan , Ustad Nazeer Khan , Ustad Khadim Hussain Khan .
Faiyyaz Khan ; Dr. Jyoti Dhamdhere ; Anupama Chandratreya .
Anupama Chandratreya ; Anuradha Kuber ; Anuradha Marathe ; Kishori Janorikar ; Kumudini Mundkur ; Sadhana Joshi ; Sharad Karmarkar ; .
Dr. Suhasini Koratkar ; Vasundhara Pandit ; Shrikant Padgaonkar ; Padmakar Kulkarni ; .
Neelatai Nagpurkar ; Upendra Kamat ; Mandakini Gadre ; Shubha Joshi ; Shaila Pipalpure ; Pramila Datar ; Madhura Jasraj ; .
Those disciples who took guidance from stalwarts of Bhendibazaar Gharana for some time but developed their own style and pursued Classical or Light Music or chose to work in Film industry : .
Shahmir Khan ; Chand Khan ; Kaderbaksh ; Mamman Khan ; Zande Khan ; Miyan Jaan ; Wadilal Shivram .
Lata Mangeshkar ; Nisar Bazmi ; Vasantrao Deshpande ; Manna Dey ; Wali Ahmed Khan ; B C Chaitanya Dev ; Shantilal ; Parshurambuwa Parsekar ; Mridungacharya Narayanrao Koli .
Kumar Gandharva ; Kishori Amonkar ; Begum Akhtar ; Nainadevi .
Asha Bhosle ; Jitendra Abhisheki ; Suman Kalyanpur ; Pankaj Udhas .
Sakuntala Narsimhan ; Devendra Murdeshwar ; Mahendra Kapoor
Jai Uttal is an American musician .
He is a Grammy nominated singer and `` a pioneer in the world music community with his eclectic East-meets-West sound . ''
He is a `` sacred music composer , recording artist , multi-instrumentalist , and ecstatic vocalist , combines influences from India with American rock and jazz to create a stimulating and exotic multicultural fusion that is truly world spirit music . ''

Uttal grew up in New York City and lived in a home filled with music : `` He began studying classical piano at the age of seven , and later learned to play old time banjo , harmonica , and guitar . ''
At the age of 17 , Uttal heard Indian music for the first time , which he said , `` touched his heart like sounds of home . ''
At 19 , Uttal moved to California and studied under the famous Sarod player , Ali Akbar Khan .
 He later began `` regular pilgrimages to India , living among the Bauls , the wandering street musicians of Bengal , and singing with the kirtan wallahs in the temple of his guru , the highly revered saint , Neem Karoli Baba . ''
Uttal spent time with many beings of both the Hindu and Buddhist traditions .
He became deeply absorbed in the practice of kirtan , the ancient yoga of chanting , or singing to God .
This form of prayer became the core to Uttal 's musical and spiritual life .
Uttal 's music is very popular in the yoga community , being described as `` very hypnotic . ''
One reviewer stated , `` He does a great job of explaining the purpose of chanting and kirtan . ''
`` The practice of calling to the divine creates a bridge between the individual and the eternal , opening the heart and welcoming the spirit . ''
Uttal says , `` These ancient chants contain a transformative power and healing energy .
By singing these prayers we join a stream of consciousness and devotion that has been flowing for centuries . ''
Uttal says , `` Music that creates bridges .
Music that unites hearts and cultures .
Music that brings peace . ''

Uttal has led kirtans around the world for more than 30 years .
In one biography it is said , `` Jai Uttal has cultivated a voice and musical styles that carries the listener into the heart of devotion , prayer , and healing , and to an ecstatic remembrance of the divine . ''

In 1991 Uttal released his debut album , Footprints , with Triloka Records , which featured `` world music innovator Don Cherry and Indian vocalist Lakshmi Shankar . ''
The album was in the top ten on the world music charts .
 In 1993 , Uttal released the Monkey .
The next year , in 1994 , Beggars and Saints was released , which was a `` tribute to the Bauls of Bangal . ''
 In addition to the new album , Uttal produced The two CD 's for his teacher , Ustad Ali Akbar .
Journey and Garden of Dreams became extremely popular in the Indian community .
Three years later , Shiva Station was released , which was mixed by innovative producer , Bill Laswell .
Shiva Station presented traditional chants in a totally new way .
The concerts united the temple and the nightclub , the sacred and the worldly ; emphasizing the underlying theme that spirituality and devotion can pervade all aspects of life .
Around this time the popularity of yoga was on the rise .
Uttal began to receive more requests to lead kirtan workshops and concerts all over the world .
Uttal released a live kirtan CD entitled Nectar to begin to chronicle these kirtan events .
 In 2000 , a compilation of his four Triloka Records albums appeared as Spirit Room .
 In February 2002 , Jai Uttal and the Pagan Love Orchestra released , on Narada Records , Mondo Rama , which means World is Mondo Rama or Everything is God .
The album has been called Uttals most personal expression to date .
`` Combining Brazilian influences , Hebrew prayers , Appalachian Blues , Beatles psychedelia , and , of course , Indian music and chants , Mondo Rama explodes from the speakers in celebration and rebirth . ''

In 2009 , Uttal released Thunder Love .
 One reviewer said the following about the album , '' a true example of ` world music , ' One 's a pan-cultural potpourri of sounds and styles from around the globe , seamlessly sewn into a contemporary pop/rock format .
Uttal 's soulful singing and spiritual themes provide the crucial connective thread throughout the album .
2011 saw the release of Queen of Hearts , a `` unique mixture of reggae , ska , and samba rhythms , used as a backdrop for call and response , dance oriented kirtan , and invoking Queen Radha , the bestower of devotion . ''

In 2003 , Uttal began the first of several recordings focused on the practice of bhakti yoga for the Sounds True label .
These have included : Kirtan !
 The Art and Practice of Ecstatic Chant , Music for Yoga and Other Joys , Loveland , Dial M for Mantra , and Pranayama , a collaboration with Pranayama wife , yoga teacher and bhakti dancer , Nubia Teixeira .
The two had a son , Ezra , which led to Uttal 's inspiration to focus his work towards kids .
Uttal began to lead children 's kirtan events near his home in Northern California and he created an album especially for children entitled Kirtan Kids : The Elephant , the Monkey , and the Little Butter Thief .
In addition to those , Uttal also hosted donation-based events at several yoga studios .
At these particular events , children would sit around in a circle and listen as Uttal told `` colorful stories drawn from Ramayana and other Indian myths . ''
The chants during these events were kid-friendly versions .
`` Kirtan Kids recreates the feeling of these events and gives parents a new way to introduce children to kirtan . ''
The album features `` an elephant solo , the sounds of banging pots and pans , and music from about a dozen instruments , including the glockenspiel and a toy piano . ''
The album also includes `` narrated tales of Gopala , the child form of Krishna ; the elephant-headed god Ganesha ; and the monkey god Hanuman . ''
Rabin Ghosh , a 20th-century violin virtuoso of ' Seni-Maihar ' Gharana of North Indian Classical Music , India , was a disciple of Baba Ustad Allauddin Khan Saheb .
 the young artist Rabin Ghosh was noted for the young artist Rabin Ghosh unique style of playing ` Ati-Vilambit ' with an extensive use of ` Micro-Tone ' to imitate the Indian Singing style .
Rabin Ghosh hailed from a family with a strong musical background .
 the young artist Rabin Ghosh father was His father .
 From a very early age , Rabin Ghosh was influenced by the musical atmosphere , which drove the young artist Rabin Ghosh into playing Esraj , Flute , and Tabla .
 the young artist Rabin Ghosh finally focused on Five-String Violin ' , under the guidance of Mr. Mani Majumder , one of the renowned violinists of the contemporary time of Western Classical Music .
 After continuous training on Western Classical Music the young artist Rabin Ghosh shifted to North Indian Classical Music under the guidance of Sangeetacharya ' Haripada Chattopadhay , exponent violinist of ` Dagar Gharana ' of North Indian Classical Music .
 Rabin Ghosh continued the young artist Rabin Ghosh training more than a decade under the tutelage of Haripada Chattopadhay .
 During this time the young artist Rabin Ghosh not only won violin Competitions , also performed in concerts along with All India Radio , Calcutta .
In the year 1955 , Rabin Ghosh got an opportunity to play violin before Baba Allauddin Khan Saheb , the doyen of Hindustani Classical Music .
 the young artist Rabin Ghosh played Raga Mian ki Todi before the young artist Rabin Ghosh .
 Baba Allauddin Khan Saheb was satisfied to accept Baba Ustad Allauddin Khan Saheb as Baba Ustad Allauddin Khan Saheb disciple .
In the mid of 1955 , Rabin Ghosh left for Maihar .
Life at Maihar for Rabin Ghosh was very dedicated .
 Besides receiving training from Baba Allauddin Khan Saheb , Baba Ustad Allauddin Khan Saheb was appointed as a teacher of Maihar Government Music College .
 Rabin Ghosh had a very strict and long duration practice session which the young artist Rabin Ghosh maintained till the last day in Maihar .
 In the young artist Rabin Ghosh own words I used to light a thick fragrance stick and would continue practice till it burned out totally .
At that time , Rabin Ghoshs practice sessions lasted about 12 hours a day but reached a peak of 14 to 16 hours a day .
 During the young artist Rabin Ghosh stay at Maihar over seven and half years , the young artist Rabin Ghosh experimented with different techniques on violin sound production and researched sitting posture which helped with the long duration of practice sessions .
 During the years of rigorous training under the tutelage of Baba Alauddin Khan Saheb in Maihar , Rabin Ghosh was inspired to ` Design and Develop Five-String Violin ' .
The need to access and explore the lower octave in expressing the mood of Raga RamDashi Malhar , in 1958 , the young artist Rabin Ghosh , had an extensive experimentation , which augmented 4 string violin to 5 string violin without compromising the original tonal quality of conventional violin .
For Five-String Violin he used to use 1st string ` E ' as ` Rishav ' , 2nd string ` A ' as ` Pancham ' , 3rd string 'D ' as ` Saraj ' , 4th string ` G ' as ` Madhyam ' , and 5th string ` C ' as ` Komol Nishad ' .
 From 1960 , Rabin Ghosh used ` Five String Violin ' starting with the young artist Rabin Ghosh performances at Tansen Sangeet Sanmelan , Calcutta .
Rabin Ghosh 's playing style was enriched with the amalgamation of singing as well as tantrakari .
 the young artist Rabin Ghosh used to use extensive ` Micro-Tone ' to imitate the Indian Singing style .
 Another distinct feature of the young artist Rabin Ghosh playing style was holding the violin .
 the young artist Rabin Ghosh used the young artist Rabin Ghosh ` specially made violin case ' for resting the young artist Rabin Ghosh violin .
 the young artist Rabin Ghosh realized that playing could be more comfortable if the instrument is held from the both end facilitating to play finest Meend , Gamak and other technical applications .
Other aspect was to avoid the ` Excessive Flexion ' of the vertebral column of the performer , instead of resting violin somewhere of the body .
Maestro Rabin Ghosh composed ` Someswara Tala ' imagining the dancing posture of Nataraj , of 11 Beats , having division of 3 - 2 - 3 - .
 Going beyond the periphery of performing and teaching Maestro Rabin Ghosh has put the young artist Rabin Ghosh earnest endeavor to compose a few orchestrations on Indian Classical Music .
 During the young artist Rabin Ghosh tenure in Maihar , when the young artist Rabin Ghosh was completely engulfed in receiving training in Indian Classical Music from Baba Alauddin Khan Saheb , the motif kindled within the young artist Rabin Ghosh heart a unique feeling which prompted the young artist Rabin Ghosh to compose some pieces on Indian Classical Ragas completely orchestrated .
 The ragas in which the young artist Rabin Ghosh explored the young artist Rabin Ghosh are Jhila Kafi , Bhupali , Kirwani , Khamaj etc. .
 the young artist Rabin Ghosh honest effort to con flux two parallel voices in a composition tuned out to be a grand success .
 Abhisarika , Niharika , Sanchari and more such compositions shaped between 1973 and 1992 and were staged by Abhisarika disciples from time to time .
 A compact disc album named ` Niharika ' played by Abhisarika disciples was released with orchestral works .
From 1970 and 1972 The Gramophone Company of India Limited released Three Long Playing Discs .
 The stereo recordings consists solo performance of Raga Pahari Jhinjhoti , Raga Ahir Bhairav by Rabin Ghosh , Raga Gunkali with Himangshu Biswas in Flute , Patdeep .
HMV released a disk consists of Raga Brindabani Sarang , Raga Bageshree by Rabin Ghosh with Himangshu Biswas , Dinesh ch .
Chandra and Shyamal Bose .
 Maestro Rabin Ghosh published a book ` Swarankan Sanghati ' - integration of notation system , where the young artist Rabin Ghosh described and analyzed the common features as well as comparison and method of translating music between Indian Classical Music Notation System and Western Classical Music Notation System .
Maestro Rabin Ghosh established a new dimension in the field of Indian Classical Music on Violin .
 As a result the young artist Rabin Ghosh was associated with Ali Akbar College of Music , Calcutta , Tansen Music College as teacher of violin .
Rabin Ghosh was associated with Rabindra Bharati University as lecturer of Instrumental Music Department .
 the young artist Rabin Ghosh held the position of Examiner for Vishwa Bharati University and for Prayag Sangit Samiti .
Maestro Ghosh also gave many Lecture-Demonstrations in various places , including in the Department of Music of Emory University , and Sacramento state University , California , USA .
 Awarded certificate for standing first in the Baranagar Music Competition on Indian Classical Music by the Baranagar Godhuli Sangha , Calcutta , West Bengal in 1946 .
Awarded certificate for standing first in ` All Bengal Music Competition ' on Indian Classical Music .
 Also awarded prestigious ` Tulsidas Chatterjee Medal ' for outstanding performance in the competition , Calcutta , in 1950 .
 Awarded ` Sangeet Prabesikha ' and certified for standing first in Indian Classical Music by All India Music Conference Trust , Calcutta , in 1953 .
Awarded ` Sangeet Gunakar ' by the All India Music Conference , in 1954 .
Awarded certificate for standing first in the ` All India Music Competition on Indian Classical Music ' , Allahabad , in 1954 .
 Awarded ` Sangeet Prabhakar ' with gold medal and certified for standing first , Allahabad , in 1966 .
Awarded ` Sangeet Dishari ' title from the ` Critic Association ' for two consecutive years .
Honored with Gold Medal by All India Music Conference .
 Awarded Three Long Gold Medals in Berlin Festival in 1973 in Berlin Festival in 1973 , Germany .
 Awarded ` Sangeet Pravin ' with Three Long gold medals and certified for standing first , Allahabad , in 1982 .
Awarded title ` Sangeet Sagaram ' by the Hon ` ble Finance Minister of Tamil Nadu for the Cultural Centre of Performing Arts , Madras , in 1986 .
But Maestro Rabin Ghosh is a musician whose eminence can not be measured in gold medals and titles alone .
 the young artist Rabin Ghosh ultimate value in the perfection and sublimity of the music that flows with such easy grace and sweetness from the depths of the young artist Rabin Ghosh heart through the young artist Rabin Ghosh violin to our souls
Anjanibai Malpekar was a noted Indian classical singer , belonging to the Bhendibazaar gharana of Hindustani classical music .
 Anjanibai Malpekar was a disciple of Ustad Nazeer Khan of the gharana , with whom Anjanibai Malpekar started training at age 8 .
 Anjanibai Malpekar made Anjanibai Malpekar professional debut at age 16 in Mumbai , where Anjanibai Malpekar spent the rest of Anjanibai Malpekar life .
 Anjanibai Malpekar had a flourishing music career , till 1920 , when after death of Anjanibai Malpekar guru , Anjanibai Malpekar moved away from public performances , eventually retiring from public after 1923 .
 Thereafter Anjanibai Malpekar focussed on training Anjanibai Malpekar music disciples , notably Kumar Gandharva and Kishori Amonkar .
 In 1958 , Anjanibai Malpekar became the first woman to be awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Fellowship the highest honour conferred by Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy for Music , Dance and Drama .
 Anjanibai Malpekar was born on April 22 , 1883 , in Malpe in Goa , in music loving family that belonged to Goan Kalavant community .
 Both Gujabai grandmother Gujabai and mother Nabubai were respected names in music circles .
 At young age of 8 , Gujabai started Gujabai musical training under the tutelage of Ustad Nazeer Khan of Bhendibazaar gharana .
 The gharana had its origins in the much older Moradabad gharana , and was based in the Bhendi Bazaar area of Mumbai .
 Anjanibai Malpekar gave Anjanibai Malpekar debut performance at a concert in Mumbai in 1899 , at the age of 16 .
In those days , women of respectable families never sang in public , while Malepakar went on to have a flourishing singing career , with both public and royal patronage .
 In time , Malepakar became the doyenne of the gharana .
 Besides Malepakar singing , Malepakar also got acclaim for Malepakar beauty .
 When painter M. V. Dhurandhar did an oil painting of painter M. V. Dhurandhar , another painter Raja Ravi Verma was inspired , and went to do a series of paintings with painter M. V. Dhurandhar as muse , including Lady in the Moonlight , Lady Playing Swarbat , Mohini and The Heartbroken , painter M. V. Dhurandhar modeled for another painter Raja Ravi Verma during another painter Raja Ravi Verma stay in Mumbai in 1901 and 1903 .
However this wasnt without its drawback , especially when singing in public concerts meant singing primarily to a male audience , this often led to harassment .
 Thus in 1904 , painter M. V. Dhurandhar even developed fear of singing in public , and lost painter M. V. Dhurandhar voice , though painter M. V. Dhurandhar regained it after a year .
 Meanwhile painter M. V. Dhurandhar married Seth Wasanji Ved .
After a successful career as a singer , after the death of her Guru Ustad Nazeer Khan in 1920 , she lost interest in concerts .
 Finally , after a last performance at Town Hall , Mumbai , she gave up her public singing career in 1923 .
Thus at age 40 , she decided to devote the rest of her years , to teaching music .
In the coming decades , she taught some notable names in Indian classical music , including Kumar Gandharva who was her first disciple , Kishori Amonkar , Pandit T.D. Janorikar , Begum Akhtar and Naina Devi .
 By the 1960s , Bhendibazar gharana based in Mumbai , became famous all over India , with number of popular musicians , besides Aman Ali Khan , it had Jhande Khan , Mamman Khan , Shabbir and Amir Khan .
 In 1958 , when for Bhendibazar contribution to music , Bhendibazar was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Fellowship the highest honour conferred by Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy for Music , Dance and Drama , Bhendibazar became the first woman to received the award .
 Bhendibazar died on August 7 , 1974 in Bombay , at the age of 91
Ivor Cutler was a Scottish poet , songwriter and humorist .
 Ivor Cutler became known for Ivor Cutler regular performances on BBC radio , and in particular Ivor Cutler numerous sessions recorded for John Peel s influential radio programme , and later for Andy Kershaw s programme .
 Ivor Cutler appeared in The Beatles Magical Mystery Tour film in 1967 and on Neil Innes television programmes .
 Ivor Cutler also wrote books for children and adults and was a teacher at A. S. Neill s Summerhill School and for 30 years in inner-city schools in London .
 Ivor Cutler told Andy Kershaw on Ivor Cutler radio show that Ivor Cutler also gave private poetry lessons to individuals .
 In live performances Ivor Cutler would often accompany Ivor Cutler on a harmonium .
 Phyllis King appears on several of Phyllis King records , and for a number of years was a part of Phyllis King concerts .
She usually read small phrases but also read a few short stories .
 The two starred in a BBC radio series , King Ivor Cutler , in which they performed their material jointly and singly .
 Ivor Cutler also collaborated with pianist Neil Ardley and singer Robert Wyatt .
 Ivor Cutler was a noted eccentric , dressing in a distinctive style including plus-fours and hats adorned with many badges , travelling mainly by bicycle and often communicating by means of sticky labels printed with Cutlerisms , one of which , never knowingly understood came to be applied by supporters and detractors alike .
Others included Kindly disregard , reserved for official correspondence , and to remove this label take it off .
The hallmarks of Cutlers work are surreal , bizarre juxtapositions and close attention to small details of existence , all described in seemingly naive language .
 In performance Ivor Cutler delivery was frail , halting and minimally inflected .
 Ivor Cutler writing sometimes edged into whimsy or the macabre .
 Many of Ivor Cutler poems and songs are in the form of conversations delivered as a monologue .
In these , one party is often Cutler as a child , a poetic voice which he adopted in order to bypass the intellect .
 Ivor Cutler describes the poverty of Ivor Cutler early life and the neglect Ivor Cutler experienced from Ivor Cutler parents with great stoicism .
 Ivor Cutler expresses acceptance of Ivor Cutler lot and gratitude for the basic elements of life , for nature , and for parental love , even though that love might bear the marks of strain .
In these works the humour arises from the childs curiosity and the playful or self-serving lies the parent tells him in instructing him to do a chore or in order to stop the incessant questions .
 Ivor Cutler earned a faithful cult following .
 John Peel once remarked that Ivor Cutler was probably the only performer whose work had been featured on Radio 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 .
 Ivor Cutler was a member of the Noise Abatement Society and the Voluntary Euthanasia Society .
 Ivor Cutler retired from performing in 2004 , and died on 3 March 2006 .
 The reception room of Ivor Cutler home contained a number of pieces of ivory cutlery , intended as a pun on Ivor Cutler name .
 Ivor Cutler was born in Glasgow into a middle-class Jewish family of Eastern European descent .
 Ivor Cutler cited Ivor Cutler childhood as the source of Ivor Cutler artistic temperament , recalling a sense of displacement when Ivor Cutler younger brother was born : Without that I would not have been so screwed up as I am , and therefore not as creative .
 In 1939 Ivor Cutler was evacuated to Annan .
 Ivor Cutler joined the Royal Air Force as a navigator in 1942 but was soon dismissed for dreaminess .
 Ivor Cutler moved to London where Ivor Cutler was employed by the Inner London Education Authority to teach music , dance , drama and poetry to 7 - to 11-year-olds .
 Cutlers deeply held views on humanity meant Ivor Cutler disliked corporal punishment and on leaving a teaching job Ivor Cutler held in the 1950s Ivor Cutler cut up Ivor Cutler tawse and handed the pieces to the class .
 Ivor Cutler was married briefly and had The two children .
 Ivor Cutler began writing songs and poetry in the late 1950s , making the first of many appearances on BBC radio on the Home Service , where Ivor Cutler featured on the Monday Night at Home programme on 38 occasions between 1959 and 1963 .
 Ivor Cutler gained popularity playing songs where Ivor Cutler would often accompany Ivor Cutler on either a piano or the harmonium , and this success led to the release of a series of records starting with 1959s Ivor Cutler of YHup EP .
 Ivor Cutler continued to make appearances on the BBCs programmes during the 1960s , and as a result of an appearance on the television show Late Night Line-Up , Ivor Cutler was noticed by Paul McCartney , who invited Ivor Cutler to appear in The Beatles Magical Mystery Tour film .
 In the film , Ivor Cutler plays bus conductor Buster Bloodvessel , who becomes passionately attracted to Ringo Starr s Aunt Jessie .
 Following this film role , Ivor Cutler recorded an LP , Ludo , produced by The Beatles George Martin , and credited to the Ivor Cutler Trio , made up of Ivor Cutler with bassist Gill Lyons and percussionist Trevor Tomkins .
 The LP , taking inspiration from trad jazz and boogie-woogie , sees Ivor Cutler playing the piano as well as Ivor Cutler usual harmonium , and is considered the most traditionally musical of all Ivor Cutler records .
 After an LP release Ivor Cutler continued to perform for BBC radio , recording the first of Ivor Cutler sessions for John Peel in 1969 .
 Cutlers work on Peels shows would introduce Ivor Cutler to successive generations of fans , and in the early 1990s , Ivor Cutler said , Thanks to John Peel in 1969 , I gained a whole new audience , to the amazement of I older fans , who find themselves among 16-to-35s in theatres , and wonder where they came from .
 In the 1970s , Neil Ardley had Ivor Cutler sing on Ivor Cutler A Symphony of Amaranths LP , and A Symphony of Amaranths LP - Soft Machine singer Robert Wyatt asked Ivor Cutler to play harmonium and sing on two of the tracks on Ivor Cutler Rock Bottom LP .
 The collaboration with Soft Machine singer Robert Wyatt led to Cutler being signed to Wyatts record label Virgin Records , for whom Ivor Cutler recorded three LPs in the mid-1970s : Dandruff , Velvet Donkey and Jammy Smears .
 Each of these discs intersperses Cutlers poems and songs with readings by Each of these discs performing companion Phyllis King .
 During the decade Ivor Cutler used Ivor Cutler sessions for John Peel to introduce numerous episodes of Ivor Cutler Life in a Scotch Sitting Room series , culminating in the 1978 LP Life in a Scotch Sitting Room , Vol , Vol .
 2 , regarded as a particularly autobiographical work , on which Ivor Cutler recounts tales from Ivor Cutler childhood amid an environment of exaggerated Scottishness .
 Ivor Cutler also produced the work as a book , which was published in 1984 with illustrations by Martin Honeysett .
 Ivor Cutler also collaborated with Portal artist Frances Broomfield on an illustrated alphabet book , which was never completed .
 Ivor Cutler contributed the track Brooch Boat to the cult 1980 album Miniatures , produced and edited by Morgan Fisher , which consisted entirely of one-minute-long recordings .
In the 1980s , Rough Trade Records released three LPs -- Privilege , Prince Ivor and Gruts .
 Ivor Cutler also released the single Women of the World , recorded with Linda Hirst , through the label in 1983 .
 Ivor Cutler enjoyed further interest from the Creation record company in the 1990s , best known at the time as Oasis record label .
 The label released The two new volumes of poems and spoken word work : A Wet Handle and A Flat Man
Asad Ali Khan was an Indian musician who played the plucked string instrument rudra veena .
 His grandfather Musharraf Khan performed in the style dhrupad and was described as the best living rudra veena player in India by The Hindu .
 His grandfather Musharraf Khan was awarded the Indian civilian honor Padma Bhushan in 2008 .
 His grandfather Musharraf Khan was born 1937 in Alwar in the seventh generation of rudra veena players in His grandfather Musharraf Khan family .
 His grandfather Musharraf Khan ancestors were royal musicians in the courts of Rampur , Uttar Pradesh , and Jaipur , Rajasthan in the 18th century .
 His grandfather Musharraf Khan great-grandfather Rajab Ali Khan was head of the court musicians in Jaipur and owned a village land holding .
 His great-grandfather Rajab Ali Khan grandfather Musharraf Khan was court musician in Alwar , and performed in London in 1886 .
 Khans father Sadiq Ali Khan worked as a musician for the Alwar court and for the Nawab of Rampur for 35 years .
 His grandfather Musharraf Khan grew up in a musical surrounding and was taught the Beenkar gharana of Jaipur and vocals for fifteen years .
 His grandfather Musharraf Khan was one of a few active musicians who played the rudra veena and the last surviving master of one of the four schools of dhrupad , the Khandar school .
 His grandfather Musharraf Khan performed in many countries , including Australia , the United States , Afghanistan , and Italy and several other European countries , and conducted music courses in the United States .
 His grandfather Musharraf Khan worked at All India Radio , taught the sitar in the Faculty of Music and Fine Arts at the University of Delhi for 17 years , and continued to train students privately after His grandfather Musharraf Khan retirement .
 Students of Khan who perform include His grandfather Musharraf Khan son Zaki Haidar and Bikramjeet Das of Kolkata .
 His grandfather Musharraf Khan criticized the lack of willingness among Indians to study the rudra veena and has more foreign than Indian students .
 His grandfather Musharraf Khan was involved in preserving the playing of the instrument , which His grandfather Musharraf Khan believed to be created by the deity Shiva , and performed for SPIC MACAY , promoting Indian classical music to young Indians .
 His grandfather Musharraf Khan was a Shia Muslim .
 His grandfather Musharraf Khan received several national awards , including the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 1977 and the civilian honor Padma Bhushan in 2008 , which was awarded by Indian President Pratibha Patil .
 His grandfather Musharraf Khan was described as the best living rudra veena player in India by The Hindu and lived in New Delhi .
 His grandfather Musharraf Khan died on 14 June 2011 in the All India Institute of Medical Sciences in New Delhi .
 His grandfather Musharraf Khan never married and is survived by His grandfather Musharraf Khan nephew and adopted son Zaki Haidar
Nirmala Devi , also known as Nirmala Arun , was a Punjabi Hindustani classical vocalist of the Patiala Gharana , in far northern India .
She is the mother of Bollywood actor Govinda .
Nirmala Devi was the wife of a popular actor , of the 1940s , Arun Ahuja .
 She has five children , including actor Bollywood actor Govinda and director Kirti Kumar .
She died in 1996
The Sarana Chatushtai is the only experiment according to Bharata Muni to obtain the correct physical configuration of Sruti swara arrangement to Shadja Grama Notes on a musical instrument .
The 22 Srutis are the only notes which can be useful for music in an `` octave '' , in this view .
The sections below describe the experiment .
Sarana Chatushtai experiment on two similar sitars .
The two veenas or sitars having the same qualities in all respect can be used to perform the Sarana Chatushtai experiment .
Establish the Shadjagrama on both the similar sitars as per the methodology explained in Natya Shastra chapter 28 to keep shruties distance wise for the respective notes of the shadjagrama .
Now we can measure the sruti value and hence provide 22 frets starting from the 5th sruti of second note Re .
 The assumption here which needs to be made to realize Bharata Munis shruti of first datum note being the sound of free string Sa , requires the assumption of 4 virtual shruties of Sa which are actually obtained in the higher octave after Ni .
This assumption though not explicitly stated in the Natya Shastra needs to be made as was discovered by Avinash Balkrishna Patwardhan and is required to prove the Sarana Chatushtai experiment .
The shruti distances as per the compression factors are calculated for all the 34 length of the string .
18 frets are required to reach up to the end note Ni of the saptak in both the instruments .
When finally both the instruments are set in the Shadjagrama , one sitar is to be kept as Achala i.e. the string tuning of this instrument remains unchanged during the entire experiment , whereas the other sitar is named as Chala i.e. the changes in tuning strings during the experiment are to be performed on this sitar .
The Panchama note of this Chala sitar is to be lowered by one Pramana-Shruti that is to bring this sitar in the Madhyamagrama .
 The procedure of Bharata Muni states that the Achala sitar Re note is first played as Sa note and the Pa note of the Chala sitar is lowered down in sound to be played as Ma note of the Achala sitars Re note .
Setting the Chala sitar in the Madhyamagrama by lowering the Pa note by one Pramana Shruti is the first part of the first Sarana .
The next part is to sound the Chala sitar to Shadjagrama tune .
Here all notes on the Chala sitar will sound less by one Pramana shruti than the notes on the permanently set Achala sitar in the Shadjagrama .
Repeat the above mentioned procedure to further lower down the Chala sitar by one more Pramana Sruti .
 Here we find when asked to play both the instruments , then the Ga note of Achala sitar will exactly match in tune or rather merge with the Re note of the Chala sitar , and the Ni note of Achala instrument merges with the Dha note of the Chala sitar .
Here we get the pair of 2 shruti values .
Repeat the above procedure once again and further lower down the Chala sitar by one more sruti in shadjagrama .
Now the difference in both the instruments set in Shadjagrama is of 3 Pramana Shruti values .
 Here we see the notes Sa and Pa of Achala sitar will merge in second note Re & Dha notes of Chala sitar .
Repeat this procedure once again to finally bring down the Chala sitar lower by 4 sruties than the Achala sitar initially set in Shadjagrama .
 Here we find the notes Ni , Ga , Ma of Achala sitar are found merging in the notes Sa , Ga , Ma of Achala sitar and Pa of Achala sitar of the Chala sitar .
 Only when all 4 sarana 's are successfully tuned and the sound notes cross checked as mentioned by Bharata Muni , then only one can know the 22 shrutis of Shadjagrama as required by the Natya Shastra
Madhup Mudgal is an Indian Hindustani classical music vocalist .
 , known for Madhup Mudgal khayal and bhajan renditions .
 A disciple of Kumar Gandharva , A disciple of Kumar Gandharva is also a composer , conductor and has been Principal of the Gandharva Mahavidyalaya , New Delhi , a music and dance school since 1995 .
 A disciple of Kumar Gandharva received the prestigious Padma Shri award from Government of India in 2006 .
Madhup Mudgal was born in New Delhi to Professor Vinay Chandra Maudgalya , a renowned classical musician from the Gwalior gharana .
 Madhup Mudgal father started Gandharva Mahavidyalaya , New Delhi in 1939 from their home near Plaza cinema , Connaught Place .
 Because of the Gandharva Mahavidyalaya , Madhup Mudgal grew up in a musical environment , where veteran musicians like Pt .
Omkarnath Thakur and Ali Akbar Khan would come by regularly for sangeet baithaks .
The school shifted to its present building at Deen Dayal Upadhayaya Marg in 1972 and today has over 1200 dance and music students and a faculty of 60 teachers .
 Omkarnath Thakur did Omkarnath Thakur schooling from Modern School , New Delhi Omkarnath Thakur holds an M.A. and a M.Phil degree from the Music Faculty of University of Delhi for Omkarnath Thakur research in the structure of Khayal .
 Omkarnath Thakur received Omkarnath Thakur early training in Hindustani classical music from Omkarnath Thakur father , and went on to learn under the tutelage of musician like , Pandit Vasant Thakar , Pandit Jasraj and finally the musical stalwart Kumar Gandharva .
 Madhup Mudgal travels across the world for Madhup Mudgal performances .
 Madhup Mudgal has remained the conductor of the Gandharva Choir , a music group for many years .
 the Principal of Gandharva Mahavidyalaya has been the Principal of Gandharva Mahavidyalaya , New Delhi the oldest music school in New Delhi , since 1995 , where the Principal of Gandharva Mahavidyalaya has trained several musicians under the Principal of Gandharva Mahavidyalaya .
 the Principal of Gandharva Mahavidyalaya also composes music for the productions of the Principal of Gandharva Mahavidyalaya sister , Odissi dancer and choreographer , Madhavi Mudgal .
 the Principal of Gandharva Mahavidyalaya sister is noted Odissi dancer Madhavi Mudgal , who also teaches at Gandharva Mahavidyalaya .
 the Principal of Gandharva Mahavidyalaya daughter , Arushi , former student of Carmel Convent School in New Delhi , and trained by Madhavi at Gandharava Mahavidyalaya , made her stage debut a solo Odissi dancer in 2003 .
 In 2008 , she was the only Indian dancer to participate in International Dance Festival 2008 organised by German choreographer Pina Bausch , where Pina Bausch performed a self choreographer piece , Bageshri .
 the Principal of Gandharva Mahavidyalaya brother Mukul Mudgal is a retired Chief Justice of the Punjab and Haryana High Court .
Born on January 4 , 1949 , Justice Mudgal was appointed as a Judge of the Delhi High Court on March 2 , 1998 .
 a Judge of the Delhi High Court was sworn in as Chief Justice of the High Court on December 5 , 2009 and retired on January 3 , 2011
Madhuvanti is the name of a raga used in Indian classical music .
It is a Hindustani music raga , which is reported to have been borrowed into Carnatic music , and is structurally similar to Multani .
This Raag is based on Kalyan Thaat.It is a romantic raga based on the foundation , eternity and colors of love .
Madhu literally means honey .
 Madhu is a very sweet raga with a very simple philosophy of love and romance .
Madhuvantis notes are S g M P N S while ascending and all the swaras , S N D P M g R S , in the descent .

 Madhuvanti belongs to thaat Todi .
 Madhuvanti expresses a gentle loving sentiment .
Refer to the introduction .
 Madhuvanti is the janya raga of the 59th Melakarta of Carnatic Music , Dharmavati .
The notes used are Chathusruthi Rishabham , Sadharana Gandharam , Prati Madhyamam , Chathusruthi Dhaivatham and Kakali Nishadham .
 Notations of Carnatic music and Hindustani music differ a little bit .
 Carnatic is an audava-sampurna raga .
 Madhuvanti is a very melodious raga .
This raga has been used to compose many tukadas .
Sri Sadasiva Brahmendras composition , Sarvam Brahmamayam is often rendered in this raga .
 There is also a composition by Manachanallur Giridharan about Lord Ganesha as Pillaiyarpatti Deity in Sri Sadasiva Brahmendras composition 2012 album titled Uchi Pillaiyare Charanam in raaga Madhuvanti .
It has also been used in Indian movie songs and music as it lends itself to lilting melodies
Sameer Gupta is a San Francisco - based jazz percussionist , tabla player , and composer .
 Sameer Gupta is the founder of the jazz ensemble The Supplicants and drummer for the Marc Cary Focus Trio .
 Sameer Gupta has also worked with vidyA , Kosmic Renaissance , Grachan Moncur III , Victor Goines , Vincent Gardner , Sekou Sundiata , Sonny Simmons , Marcus Shelby , Calvin Keys , Richard Howell , Dayna Stephens , and Julian Lage .
 The Jazz Observer called The Jazz Observer playing , kinetic , bass-heavy , and tender
Pradeep Barot is a sarod maestro based in Bombay , India .
Born to a gifted clarionet player Mohan lal Barot , Pradeep from a young age displayed immense musical talent .
 At the age of fourteen , Mohan lal Barot was accepted as a student by the legendary sarodya Vasant Rai .
 For five years the legendary sarodya Vasant Rai taught Mohan lal Barot and groomed the legendary sarodya Vasant Rai to be a formidable performer .
 After 1969 the legendary sarodya Vasant Rai decided to concentrate on the legendary sarodya Vasant Rai career in the west and was unable to continue teaching Mohan lal Barot , and so referred the young student to Smt Annapurna Devi .
who was Vasants gurus daughter .
 Hearing Barot Annapurna Devi was impressed , and accepted Barot Annapurna Devi as a pupil .
 Mohan lal Barot still continues Mohan lal Barot training with Annapurana .
 Mohan lal Barot has established Mohan lal Barot as one of the leading Indian classical musicians of Mohan lal Barot generation , and is the director of music of the Films Division Mumbai .
 Mohan lal Barot is also an accomplished teacher , and is instrumental in the training of Mohan lal Barot own teacher Vasant Rai s son Satyam s musical progress
Pandit Kishan Maharaj was an Indian tabla player who belonged to the Benares gharana of Hindustani classical music .
Kishan Maharaj was born in Kabir Chaura , Benaras into a family of professional musicians .
 Pandit Kishan Maharaj was initially trained in classical music by Pandit Kishan Maharaj father , Hari Maharaj .
 After Pandit Kishan Maharaj fathers death , Pandit Kishan Maharaj training was taken over by Pandit Kishan Maharaj uncle , Kanthe Maharaj , a disciple of Baldeo Sahai of the Benares gharana .
 Kishan Maharaj , by the time Pandit Kishan Maharaj was eleven , Pandit Kishan Maharaj began performing in concerts .
Within a few years , Kishan Maharaj was sharing the stage with stalwarts like Faiyaz Khan , Omkarnath Thakur , Bade Ghulam Ali Khan , Bhimsen Joshi , Ravi Shankar , Ali Akbar Khan , Vilayat Khan , Girija Devi , Sitara Devi and many others .
 Pandit Kishan Maharaj had the ability to play cross-rhythms and produce complex calculations , particularly in tihai patterns .
 Known as an excellent accompanist , Pandit Kishan Maharaj was extremely versatile and capable of playing with any accompaniment , be it with the Sitar , Sarod , Dhrupad , Dhamar or even dance .
 Pandit Kishan Maharaj gave a number of solo concerts during Pandit Kishan Maharaj career and also gave ` Sangat ` to some great dancers like Sri Shambhu Maharaj , Sitara Devi , Natraj Gopi Krishna , and Birju Maharaj .
 Among all Pandit Kishan Maharaj compositions , Pandit Kishan Maharaj Tala Vadya Kacheri with the Mridangam Vidwan , Palghat Raghu stood out .
 Pandit Kishan Maharaj extensively toured and participated in several prestigious events across the world , including the Edinburgh festival and the Commonwealth Arts festival in the United Kingdom in 1965 .
 Pandit Kishan Maharaj won the Padma Shri in 1973 and the Padma Vibhushan in 2002 .
 For many years , Pandit Kishan Maharaj was married to Savita Devi , daughter of Siddheshwari Devi .
Kishan Maharaj died on May 4 , 2008 at Khajuri near Varanasi at the age of 84 .
Maharajs disciples include Pandit Nandan Mehta , Pandit Kumar Bose , Pandit Balkrishna Mahant , sukhwinder singh namdhari sandeep das , arivind kumar azad vineet vyas , Himanshu Mahant , Balkrishna Iyer , Shubh Maharaj , Pandit Pooran Maharaj , Anand Lahiri , Arvind Kumar Azad , Ranesh Mishra , Shashi Bellare
Vishwa Mohan Bhatt also known as V. M. Bhatt is Grammy - winning Hindustani classical music instrumentalist who plays the Mohan Veena .
Vishwa Mohan lives in Jaipur , Rajasthan , India , with his wife and two sons .
 His elder son Salil Bhatt is a renowned Mohan veena player , whose album Slide to Freedom Part II was nominated for the Canadian JUNO AWARD , while Mohan Veena Player younger son Saurabh Bhatt is a well known composer .
Vishwa Mohan Bhatts grandson Satvik Bhatt is also a musician and a Limca Book Of World Record holder for being worlds youngest Mohan Veena Player at the age of 3 and a half years and also for identifying 45 ragas at the age of 3 and a half years .
Vishwa Mohan Bhatts parents late Manmohan Bhatt and late Chandrakala Bhatt were also teaching and performing musicians who imparted knowledge of music to V.M Bhatt .
His nephew , Krishna Bhatt , plays the sitar and tabla .
Bhatt is best known for his Grammy award winning album A Meeting by the River with Ry Cooder released on Water Lily Acoustics label .
He is also known for other fusion and pan-cultural collaborations with Western artists such as Taj Mahal , Bela Fleck and Jerry Douglas .
 Exposure such as an appearance on the 2004 Crossroads Guitar Festival , organized by Eric Clapton , allows Eric Clapton playing to reach a larger audience .
Folk musician Harry Manx , who studied with Salil Bhatt and Vishwa Mohan Bhatt for five years , plays a Mohan Veena .
Counting Crows Bassist Matt Malley also plays a Mohan Veena and is a student and friend of Vishwa Mohan Bhatt .
Australian Musician Lawrie Minson also learnt Mohan Veena from Salil and Vishwa Mohan Bhatt
Tejendra Narayan Majumdar is an Indian sarod player and pupil of Bahadur Khan .
Tejendra Narayan Majumdar is one of the most popular and celebrated modern sarod players .
 Tejendra Narayan Majumdar started Tejendra Narayan Majumdar music training under Tejendra Narayan Majumdar grandfather Bibhuti Ranjan Majumdar with mandolin .
 Tejendra Narayan Majumdar also received vocal and tabla training under Amaresh Chowdhury and Anil Palit .
 Later Tejendra Narayan Majumdar trained under Bahadur Khan for 18 years until the latter died .
 Tejendra Narayan Majumdar then continued under Ajay Sinha Roy and Ali Akbar Khan .
 Tejendra Narayan Majumdar stood first in the All India Radio music competition in 1981 and was awarded the Presidents gold medal and the Pandit D. V. Paluskar award .
 Tejendra Narayan Majumdar has played duets with Shujaat Khan .
The rendering of raag Charukeshi is especially notable .
 raag Charukeshi is married to Manasi Majumder and has one son , Indrayudh .
 raag Charukeshi directed music for a Bengali movie called Tollylights , directed by Arjun Chakraborty .
 raag Charukeshi is also directing music for another Bengali movie Hanankaal due to be released in 2010
Kattassery Joseph Yesudas is an Indian classical musician and playback singer .
 Kattassery Joseph Yesudas sings Indian classical , devotional , and popular music .
 Kattassery Joseph Yesudas has recorded more than 50,000 songs in many languages including Malayalam , Tamil , Hindi , Kannada , Telugu , Bengali , Gujarati , Oriya , Marathi , Punjabi , Sanskrit , Tulu , Malay , Russian , Arabic , Latin and English during a career spanning five decades .
 Kattassery Joseph Yesudas has performed in most Indian languages except Assamese , Konkani and Kashmiri .
 Kattassery Joseph Yesudas also composed a number of Malayalam film songs in the 1970s and 1980s .
 Kattassery Joseph Yesudas is fondly called Gana Gandharvan .
 Kattassery Joseph Yesudas has won the National Award for the Best Male Playback Singer seven times and the State Award for the Best Playback Singer 43 times , which consists of awards by the state governments of Kerala State , Tamil Nadu , Andhra Pradesh , Karnataka , and West Bengal .
 Kattassery Joseph Yesudas was awarded Padma Shri in 1975 and Padma Bhushan in 2002 by the Government of India for Kattassery Joseph Yesudas contributions to the arts .
 In 2011 Kattassery Joseph Yesudas was honoured with the CNN-IBN outstanding achievement award having recorded over 50,000 songs in a five-decade career .
 In 2006 , Kattassery Joseph Yesudas sang 16 film songs in four South Indian languages on the same day at AVM Studio , Chennai .
K. J. Yesudas was born at Fort Kochi , in the erstwhile Kingdom of Cochin , into a Roman Catholic Latin Rite family to late Augustine Joseph and late Alicekutty .
 Kattassery Joseph Yesudas father , who was a well-known Malayalam classical musician and stage actor , was his first guru .
Later he joined the R.L.V. Music Academy at Thrippunithura and underwent training .
Later he studied at Sree Swati Thirunal music college , Thiruvananthapuram under the late Semmangudy Sreenivasa Iyer .
But he could not complete his studies due to financial constraints .
For a brief period , he was with Sri Vechur Harihara Subramania Iyer , after which he took advanced training from Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar .
In 2011 he completed his 50 Years as a Play Back Singer .
 The first song sung by Kattassery Joseph Yesudas is Jaathi Bhedam Matha Dwesham on 14 Nov 1961 , which Kattassery Joseph Yesudas usually sings on all the special occasions in front of the audience .
 Kattassery Joseph Yesudas began Kattassery Joseph Yesudas career in playback singing in the Malayalam movie Kaalpadukal and Tamil , Telugu and Kannada movies in the early 1960s .
 Kattassery Joseph Yesudas got the first break in Kattassery Joseph Yesudas music career with the hit Malayalam film named Bharya .
 Kattassery Joseph Yesudas sang in Tamil for Bommai first , but the first released movie was Konjum Kumari .
 The trio of Salil Chowdhury , Kattassery Joseph Yesudas and Prem Nazir took the Malayalam Cinema Industry of the 70s by storm .
 It was generally agreed that Kattassery Joseph Yesudas voice was the most suited one for Prem Nazir .
 In 1970 Kattassery Joseph Yesudas was nominated to head the Kerala Sangeetha Nataka Academy and was the youngest person ever to occupy the post .
 On 9 Dec 1971 , Kattassery Joseph Yesudas missed a flight which later crashed on the way to Madurai .
 A Hawker Siddeley HS 748 near Chinnamanur was descending into Madurai in reduced visibility .
 A Hawker Siddeley HS flew into high terrain about 50 mi from the airport , killing the four crew members and 17 passengers .
 By the 1970s Kattassery Joseph Yesudas entered Bollywood .
 The first Hindi song Hindi sang was for the movie Jai Jawan Jai Kissan , but the first released movie was Chhoti Si Baat .
 Hindi has sung Hindi songs for many leading actors in Hindi cinema including Amitabh Bachchan , Amol Palekar and Jeetendra .
 Hindi has sung many evergreen Hindi film songs for music directors including Ravindra Jain , Bappi Lahiri , Khayyam , Rajkamal and Salil Chowdhury .
 Yesudass most popular Hindi songs are in the 1976 movie Chitchor , with music given by Ravindra Jain .
 The greatest tribute to Kattassery Joseph Yesudas was paid by Ravindra Jain , in an interview wherein the blind music director confessed that if ever he happened to regain vision , the first person he would like to see would be Kattassery Joseph Yesudas .
 Kattassery Joseph Yesudas has performed in many major cities around the world .
 In 1965 , Kattassery Joseph Yesudas was invited by the Soviet Union government to perform at music concerts in various cities in the USSR and also sang a Russian song over Radio Kazakhstan .
 Kattassery Joseph Yesudas became one of the senate members in the International Parliament for Safety and Peace .
 On 14 November 1999 , Kattassery Joseph Yesudas was presented with an honorary award by UNESCO for Outstanding Achievements in the Music and Peace at the Music for Peace event in Paris.a concert held to mark the dawn of the new millennium and whose attendees included artistes such as Lionel Richie , Ray Charles , Montserrat Caballe , and Zubin Mehta .
 In 1971 , during the Indo-Pakistani War , Kattassery Joseph Yesudas travelled all around Kerala State with Kattassery Joseph Yesudas musical troupe to raise funds for the Indian prime ministers National Defense Fund .
 In 2001 Kattassery Joseph Yesudas sang for album Ahimsa in Sanskrit , Latin and English and in a mix of styles including New Age and Carnatic .
 In Kattassery Joseph Yesudas music concerts in the Middle East Kattassery Joseph Yesudas sings Arabic songs in the Carnatic style .
 Kattassery Joseph Yesudas frequently serves as a cultural ambassador for India for his contributions through Kattassery Joseph Yesudas performances abroad , promoting Indian music .
 In 2009 Kattassery Joseph Yesudas began a cross-country musical campaign against terrorism in Thiruvananthapuram , with the motto Music For Peace .
 Kavita Karkare , wife of Hemant Karkare , handed over the torch to Kattassery Joseph Yesudas to mark the launch of the Shanthi Sangeetha Yatra .
 Kattassery Joseph Yesudas is married to Prabha .
They have three sons , Vinod , Vijay and Vishal .
 They second son Vijay Yesudas is a musician who won the Kerala State State Film Award for Best Male Playback Singer in 2007 and 2013 .
 The family is currently settled in Chennai and Trivandrum .
 a Roman Catholic Latin Rite family also owns estates in Fort Lauderdale , Florida , USA and Flower Mound , TX , USA for personal and business reasons .
 Sree Narayana Guru 's great message , One religion and One God for all humanity , influenced young Yesudas in Sree Narayana Guru 's dealings with Sree Narayana Guru 's fellow men .
 Sree Narayana Guru 's had Sree Narayana Guru 's own heroes among the musicians too .
 Mohammed Rafi , Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar and Balamurali Krishna are the ones Mohammed Rafi admires the most .
 For the past 30 years Kattassery Joseph Yesudas has been visiting Kollur Mookambika temple , Kollur , Karnataka on Kattassery Joseph Yesudas birthday to sing keerthans of Saraswati devi , the Goddess of knowledge , music and the arts .
 The music festival started on Kattassery Joseph Yesudas 60th birthday .
The nine-day music festival begins every January at Kollur Mookambika Temple .
 On Sunday , 10 January 2010 , Kattassery Joseph Yesudas celebrated Kattassery Joseph Yesudas 70th birthday at Kollur Sri Mookambika Temple with the special Sangeetharchana , along with 70 singers before goddess Mookambika .
The Sangeetharchana included Pancharatna Gayana of Thyagarajas poems .
 the special Sangeetharchana also took part in the Vidyarambha function .
 All India Radio broadcast the special Sangeetharchana all over Kerala State .
 In 1980 Kattassery Joseph Yesudas established the Tharangani Studio at Trivandrum .
 In 1992 the office and studio were moved to Chennai , Tamil Nadu and the company was incorporated in the US in 1998 .
 Tharangni Studio and Tharangni Records became a recording center in Kerala State which , for the first time , brought out audio cassettes of Malayalam film songs in stereo .
 The record company also had a voice mixing studio in Studio27 , Chennai .
 The studio continues to produce and present events of Kattassery Joseph Yesudas both for film and Indian classical music concerts throughout the world .
 Kattassery Joseph Yesudas has recorded over 50,000 songs and has won scores of accolades including the coveted Padma Shri , Padma Bhushan and seven National Awards for Best Male Playback Singer Playback Singer .
 Kattassery Joseph Yesudas is the only singer who has been accorded the title Asthana Gayakan of Kerala State
Ustad Ghulam Mustafa Khan is an Indian classical musician in the Hindustani classical music tradition .
 Ustad Ghulam Mustafa Khan belongs to the Rampur-Sahaswan Gharana and Ustad Ghulam Mustafa Khan is the son of Waris Hussain Khan and grandson of Inayat Hussain Khan of Sahaswan Gharana .
 Ustad Ghulam Mustafa Khan has been associated with Hindi film industry and as teacher Ustad Ghulam Mustafa Khan has trained several noted playback and classical singers .
 Ustad Ghulam Mustafa Khan was awarded the Padma Shri in 1991 , followed by Padma Bhushan , the third highest civilian award of India in 2006 .
 In 2003 Ustad Ghulam Mustafa Khan was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award highest Indian recognition given to practicing artists given by Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy for Music , Dance and Drama .
 Ustad Ghulam Mustafa Khan was born on March 3 , 1931 in Badayun , Uttar Pradesh .
 Ustad Ghulam Mustafa Khan is married to Amina Begum who is grand daughter of Mushtaq Hussain Khan .
They have 4 sons who are Murtaza Khan , Qadir Mustafa , Rabbani Khan , Hasan Khan .
Murtaza Khan and Qadir Khan are well known classical vocalists and singers of Hindi Film Industry who have worked with the legendary music director A. R. Rahman Amit Trivedi and others .
 Murtaza Khan is also the uncle and guru of classical vocalist Rashid Khan .
 Murtaza Khan currently lives in Mumbai , Maharashtra along with Murtaza Khan family .
 Some of Murtaza Khan students are singers in the field of Indian playback singing : Asha Bhosle , Manna Dey , Geeta Dutt , Hariharan , Shaan , Sonu Nigam Sagarika , sons Murtuza , Qadir Khan , Qadir Khan , Qadir Khan and grandsons Aamir and , Shilpa Rao , Kalpana Patowary , A.R. Rahman , Alisha Chinnoy , Ankita Dixit , Amitabh Narayan Ruchi Sharma , etc. .
 Murtaza Khan has been involved as playback singer and music director of award winning feature films like :
Pandit Vishnu Digambar Paluskar was a Hindustani musician .
 Pandit Vishnu Digambar Paluskar sang the original version of the bhajan Raghupati Raghava Raja Ram , and founded the Gandharva Mahavidyalaya in 1901 .
 Pandit Vishnu Digambar Paluskar original surname was Gadgil , but as they hailed from the village Palus , they came to be known as the Paluskar family .
Vishnu Digambar Paluskar was born in a Marathi family of Kurundwad , a small town falling under the Deccan division of Bombay Presidency during British rule , presently in Maharashtra .
 Pandit Vishnu Digambar Paluskar father , Digambar Gopal Paluskar , was a singer of Kirtan .
 Pandit Vishnu Digambar Paluskar went to a local school in Kurundwad for primary education .
 But tragedy struck Pandit Vishnu Digambar Paluskar at an early age .
 During a Hindustani festival called Datta Jayanti , a fire-cracker burst near Hindustani face damaging both Hindustani eyes .
 Being a small town , there was no immediate treatment available and Pandit Vishnu Digambar Paluskar lost Pandit Vishnu Digambar Paluskar eyesight .
 Nevertheless , Pandit Vishnu Digambar Paluskar regained it some years later .
The king of Miraj recognising the talent in the boy put him under the guidance of Balakrishnabuwa Ichalkaranjikar , a learned musician .
Paluskar trained under him for 12 years until in 1896 the relations between the teacher and student became strained .
After that Paluskar began touring the country and studied the musical traditions in each part of Northern India .
 Pandit Vishnu Digambar Paluskar went from place to place and visited many royal families in cities like Baroda and Gwalior , well known for their patronage of musicians .
 But Pandit Vishnu Digambar Paluskar broke a long standing tradition of Indian music by giving a public concert in Saurashtra and charging a nominal fee .
Till then , concerts were given only in palaces or temples .
He studied Brijbhasha , a dialect of Hindi , spoken at Mathura .
 Vishnu Digambar met Pandit Chandan Chaube and learnt Dhrupad music from Pandit Vishnu Digambar Paluskar .
 In 1901 , Pandit Vishnu Digambar Paluskar reached Lahore , where Pandit Vishnu Digambar Paluskar decided to establish a music school .
 On May 5 , 1901 Pandit Vishnu Digambar Paluskar founded the Gandharva Mahavidyalaya , a School to impart formal training in Indian classical music .
 a School was a school open to all and one of the first in Northern India to run on public support and donations , rather than royal patronage .
 a School was a challenge to the traditional method where a student lived under the teachers roof .
Many students from the Schools early batches became respected musicians and teachers in North India .
 a School brought respect to musicians , who were treated with disdain earlier .
 In September 1908 , Pandit Vishnu Digambar Paluskar went to Bombay to establish another branch of the School .
 As the work-load increased , Pandit Vishnu Digambar Paluskar shifted the school from Lahore to Bombay .
 To accommodate all the students , Pandit Vishnu Digambar Paluskar took loans , built a new building for the school and hostel as well .
 To settle debts , Pandit Vishnu Digambar Paluskar gave several public concerts .
 But while on a concert tour in 1924 , Paluskars creditors attached Pandit Vishnu Digambar Paluskar properties and auctioned off the school .
 Pandit Vishnu Digambar Paluskar died on August 21 , 1931 .
 On July 21 , 1973 , the Posts and Telegraph Department , Government of Northern India paid homage to Pandit Paluskar by releasing a commemorative stamp .
 Today Pandit Vishnu Digambar Paluskar is seen as the musician who brought respect to the profession of classical musicians and took Hindustani classical music out from the traditional Gharana system to the masses .
 Pandit Vishnu Digambar Paluskar has written a book on music called Sangeet Bal Prakash in three volumes , and 18 volumes on ragas as well .
 Pandit Vishnu Digambar Paluskar disciples -- famously Vinayakrao Patwardhan , Omkarnath Thakur , Narayanrao Vyas , Shankarrao Vyas , and B. R. Deodhar -- became renowned classical singers and teachers .
 Pandit Vishnu Digambar Paluskar son Dattatreya Vishnu Paluskar was also trained in classical music and carried on His son Dattatreya Vishnu Paluskar fathers mission .
 In 2000 , the India Today magazine named Pandit Paluskar to be one of the 100 people who shaped Northern India
Asha Khadilkar .
 is a Mumbai , India-based vocalist renowned for India-based specialization in Indian classical , semi-classical and devotional music including Natya Sangeet .
 Born in Sangli , Maharashtra , India , in 1955 , Asha Khadilkar . took Asha Khadilkar . initial steps in music under the guidance of Late Shri .
Balkrishnabuva Mohite .
 Along with Asha Khadilkar . live performances in several Marathi musical stage plays , Asha Khadilkar . gave Asha Khadilkar . first live Indian classical music vocal concert at the age of thirteen .
 After moving to Mumbai in 1975 after marriage , Asha Khadilkar . honed Asha Khadilkar . unique talent and skills under the guidance of the legendary Marathi singer Late Padmashree Manik Varma before continuing Asha Khadilkar . tutelage in Indian classical music from Pt .
Yashwantbuwa Joshi , a stalwart of Gwalior Gharana .
Several renowned Indian recording companies , such as HMV , Tips and Polydor , have released Ashas audiocassettes and CDs in Indian classical as well as light and devotional music .
 In 2008 , Asha Khadilkar was invited as one of the celebrity judges for the Marathi vocal singing competition show , Idea Sa Re Ga Ma Pa , alongside music director Shri .
Salil Kulkarni .
This season featured adults in their mid-thirties and forties who pursued music as a hobby .
The show was aptly named Sa Re Ga Ma Pa : Swapna Swaranche , Navatarunyache , which roughly translates to Dreams of Music and New Youth
Dhrupad is a vocal genre in Hindustani classical music , said to be the oldest still in use in that musical tradition .
 Dhrupad name is derived from the words dhruva and pada , where a part of the poem is used as a refrain .
 The term may denote both the verse form of the poetry and the style in which The term is sung .
 Abul Fazl , courtier and chronicler at the court of the Emperor Akbar , defines the dhrupad verse form in Abul Fazl Ain-e-Akbari as four rhyming lines , each of indefinite prosodic length .
Thematic matter ranges from the religious and spiritual to royal panegyrics , musicology and romance .
 Though Dhrupad is basically a vocal tradition , Dhrupad musical aesthetics have been adopted by many instrumentalists .
 Not only by various schools of Rudra Veena players but also by other instrumentalists , who look to Dhrupad for examples for Rudra Veena players instrumental developments of raga , and go as far as to adapt the format : a slow , unmetered alaapa , Jhor , Jhala , to be concluded with one or more compositions in contrasting talas .
 Ram Narayan and Hariprasad Chaurasia , to name but two acclaimed instrumentalists , pay homage to Dhrupad in the way Ram Narayan and Hariprasad Chaurasia present a raga .
 The earliest source that mentions a musical genre called Dhrupad is Ain-i-Akbari of Abu Fazl .
Later works attribute much of the material to musicians in the court of Man Singh Tomar of Gwalior .
 In these accounts from the Mughal court Dhrupad is portrayed as a musical form which is relatively new ; and according to Ritwik Sanyal , most sources agree that Drupad owes Drupad origin to the court of Man Singh Tomar .
There is reference to Dhrupad in Bharats Natya Shastra , commonly dated to the 1st Century AD , and even in Sangit Ratnakar , a 13th Century text , taken as authoritative .
Ravi Shankar states that the form appeared in the fifteenth century as a development from the prabandha , which it replaced .
Under Mughal rule it was appropriated as court music .
However the musical background of dhrupad is commonly thought to have a long history , traceable back to the Vedas themselves .
The Yugala Shataka of Shri Shribhatta in the Nimbarka Sampradaya , written in 1294 CE , contains lyrics of similar fashion .
Swami Haridas , the guru of Tansen , was a well known dhrupad singer .
The 18th Century saw the beginning of a great decline of dhrupad singing .
A newer genre , khyal , which had coexisted with dhrupad for a couple of centuries , and which emerged partly as a reaction against so-called nibaddha or pre-composed music , gained popularity at dhrupads expense , placing fewer constraints on the singers and allowing greater improvisation and displays of virtuosity rare in dhrupad .
Also , new instruments were being developed - the sitar and the sarod - that were not suited to the slow tempo and low register favoured by dhrupad so that dhrupad instrumental also began to lose ground .
Only a few families carried on the tradition .
In 1960 the French ethnomusicologist Alain Danielou invited Nasir Moinuddin and Nasir Aminuddin Dagar to perform in Europe .
 Their concerts were successful and , upon the untimely demise of Nasir Moinuddin in 1966 , Nasir Moinuddin younger brothers Nasir Zahiruddin and Nasir Fayazuddin continued .
The Dagars toured widely and recorded .
Coinciding with growing foreign interest in Indian music , the Dagarvani-revival helped breathe new life into a few other families of dhrupad singers .
Today , dhrupad enjoys a place as a well-respected but not widely popular genre , no longer on the brink of extinction .
Dhrupad as we know it today is performed by a solo singer or a small number of singers in unison to the beat of the pakhavaj or mridang rather than the tabla .
The vocalist is usually accompanied by two tanpuras , the players sitting close behind , with the percussionist at the right of the vocalist .
Traditionally the only other instrument used was the Rudra Veena .
Some artists have used other instruments .
Preferably , such instruments should have a deep bass register and long sustain .
Like all Indian classical music , dhrupad is modal and monophonic , with a single melodic line and no chord progression .
Each raga has a modal frame - a wealth of micro-tonal ornamentations are typical .
The text is preceded by a wholly improvised section , the alap .
The alap in dhrupad is sung using a set of syllables , popularly thought to be derived from a mantra , in a recurrent , set pattern : a re ne na , te te re ne na , ri re re ne na , te ne toom ne .
Dhrupad styles have long elaborate alaps , their slow and deliberate melodic development gradually bringing an accelerating rhythmic pulse .
In most styles of dhrupad singing it can easily last an hour , broadly subdivided into the alap proper , the jor and the jhala or nomtom , when syllables are sung at a very rapid pace .
Then the composition is sung to the rhythmic accompaniment : the four lines , in serial order , are termed sthayi , antara , sanchari and aabhog .
Compositions exist in the metres tivra , sul and chau - a composition set to the 10-beat jhap tala is called a sadra while one set to the 14-beat dhamar is called a dhamar .
The latter is seen as a lighter musical form , associated with the Holi spring festival .
Alongside concert performance the practice of singing dhrupad in temples continues , though only a small number of recordings have been made .
It bears little resemblance to concert dhrupad : there is very little or no alap ; percussion such as bells and finger cymbals , not used in the classical setting , are used here , and the drum used is a smaller , older variant called mrdang , quite similar to the mridangam .
 There are said to be four broad stylistic variants of classical dhrupad - the Gauri , Khandar , Nauhar , and Nasir Aminuddin Dagar , tentatively linked to five singing styles known from the 7th Century : Shuddha , Bhinna , Gauri , Vegswara , and Sadharani .
But more importantly , there are a number of dhrupad gharanas : houses , or family styles .
The best-known gharana is the Dagar family , who sing in the Dagar vani .
The Dagar style puts great emphasis on alap and for several generations their singers have performed in pairs .
 The Dagars are Muslims but sing Hindustani texts of Gods and Goddesses .
Some of the best dhrupad singers outside the Dagar family , such as Uday Bhawalkar , Ritwik Sanyal and the Gundecha Brothers , also belong to the Dagar vani .
From Bihar state come two other gharanas , the Malliks and the Mishras .
The Malliks are linked to the Khandar vani and emphasize the composed song over improvised alap with variety of layakaris .
Ram Chatur Mallik , Vidur Mallick , and Siyaram Tiwari were well known exponents of Darbhanga gharana in the last century .
Today the senior performer of the Darbhanga gharana is Prem Kumar Mallick .
Prashant Kumar Mallick and Nishant Kumar Mallick are Dhrupad vocalist among young generation of Darbhanga tradition .
 The the Mishras practise both Nauhar and Khandar styles with some unique techniques for nomtom alap .
This gharana flourished under the patronage of the kings of Bettiah Raj .
The most famous exponents of the Bettiah gharana today are Indrakishore Mishra and Falguni Mitra .
 The form of dhrupad prevalent in Darbhanga and Bettiah is known as the Haveli style .
In Pakistan dhrupad is represented by the Talwandi gharana , who sing in the Khandar style
Ghulam Sadiq Khan is an Indian classical music vocalist .
 Popularly known as Ustad Ghulam Sadiq Khan , Ustad Ghulam Sadiq Khan belongs to the Rampur-Sahaswan gharana of the Mian Tansen tradition .
 Ustad Ghulam Sadiq Khan was initiated into music at the age of nine by Ustad Ghulam Sadiq Khan father Ustad Ghulam Jafar Khan who was an Indian sarangi player .
 Later , Ustad Ghulam Sadiq Khan continued Ustad Ghulam Sadiq Khan training under the guidance of Ustad Mushtaq Hussain Khan of the Rampur-Sahaswan gharana and the first recipient of the Padma Bhushan award in India .
 Ustad Ghulam Sadiq Khan specializes in the khayal vocal style and also sings thumri , dadra , and bhajans .
 Ustad Ghulam Sadiq Khan has performed in India and abroad in the U.K. , Australia , Saudi Arabia , Oman , Mauritius , Singapore , Hong Kong , Indonesia , Thailand , China and Afghanistan .
 Ustad Ghulam Sadiq Khan is a top graded artist of All India Radio and Doordarshan .
 During the course of Ustad Ghulam Sadiq Khan career Ustad Ghulam Sadiq Khan has educated many disciples , including Jaspinder Narula and Ustad Ghulam Sadiq Khan son , Ghulam Abbas Khan who is a khayal and ghazal vocalist .
 Ustad Ghulam Sadiq Khan worked as Senior Lecturer in the Faculty of Music at the University of Delhi .
 In 2005 , Ustad Ghulam Sadiq Khan received the Padma Shri for Ustad Ghulam Sadiq Khan contribution to Indian classical music
Chants of India is an album by Indian musician Ravi Shankar released in 1997 on Angel Records .
 Produced by his friend and sometime collaborator George Harrison , the album consists of Vedic and other Hindu sacred prayers set to music , marking a departure from Shankars more familiar work in the field of Hindu classical music .
The lyrical themes of the recorded chants are peace and harmony among nature and all creatures .
Sessions for the album took place in the Indian city of Madras and at Harrisons home in Henley-on-Thames , Oxfordshire , following his work on The Beatles Anthology .
Anoushka Shankar , John Barham , Bikram Ghosh , Tarun Bhatacharaya and Ronu Majumdar are among the many musicians who contributed to the recording .
 Chants of India was well received by reviewers ; author Peter Lavezzoli describes India as a quiet masterpiece and the most fully realized collaboration by Shankar and George Harrison .
 Shankar considered India to be among the best works of author Peter Lavezzoli 60-year career .
In 2010 , the album was reissued as part of the Dark Horse Records box set Ravi Shankar-George Harrison , Collaborations , which combined various projects undertaken by the two artists , beginning in 1973 .
 Chants of India was the last formal collaboration between Shankar and George Harrison , who was diagnosed with cancer shortly after India release .
 At the Concert for George in November 2002 , Shankar incorporated some of the selections from Chants of India , including the album-closing Sarve Shaam , in a set performed by daughter Anoushka as a tribute to George Harrison .
Having maintained a close friendship in the decades since their last official collaboration in 1974 , Ravi Shankar and George Harrison began working together in 1995 on projects to celebrate Shankars 75th birthday .
 George Harrison first produced a four-disc career retrospective issued on EMI s Angel Records , Ravi Shankar : In Celebration , which also included unreleased recordings made by the pair , before serving as editor on Shankars second autobiography , Raga Mala .
 When compiling In Celebration , Shankar and George Harrison discussed with Angel Records the possibility of making an album of Vedic chants and other Hindu sacred texts set to music .
According to Shankar , the record company were hoping to repeat the commercial success of a recording by those Spanish monks .
 Shankar had grown up in the Hindu holy city of Benares , where the public chanting of Vedic hymns the public chanting of Vedic hymns passion for music , author Reginald Massey writes , and as a young man during the 1940s he had embraced the concept of Nada Brahma , under the strict tutelage of music guru Allauddin Khan .
 In Hindu liner notes to Chants of India , Shankar nevertheless describes the undertaking as one of the most difficult challenges in my life , as a composer and arranger .
 Shankar noted the precedents for such a venture : Sanskrit chants from the Vedas , Upanishads and other scriptures have been recorded by many in India and elsewhere , either in Vedas original form by the Traditional Scholars ... or sung within raga forms by eminent musicians with accompanying instruments .
 Some have even attempted to make Some more popular by using a semi-classical and commercial approach .
I wanted to make a version different from all these , but still maintain the tremendous spiritual force , and purity of the Suktas , Shlokas and Mantras , and at the same time make it universally appealing .
 Harrison biographer Gary Tillery biographer Gary Tillery describes the songs focus , following the opening invocations , as peace , love , ecology , and social harmony .
 Chants of India reunited Shankar and Harrison biographer Gary Tillery with English musician and arranger John Barham .
 arranger John Barham provided Western annotation of Shankars melodies , a role arranger John Barham had first supplied for Shankar at the Bath Music Festival in 1966 , when the Indian sitar virtuoso had duetted with Yehudi Menuhin .
 Anoushka Shankar conducted the musicians at the sessions , Shankar and Harrison biographer Gary Tillery decided to move the project to Harrisons recording facility at Friar Park , Harrison biographer Gary Tillery home in Henley-on-Thames , Oxfordshire .
 According to Harrison biographer Gary Tillery , Madras had been chosen in order to cultivate authenticity , being a music capital of the South Asian region , yet the atmosphere at Sruthilaya seemed too secular for the aura of spirituality they wanted to create .
 A large cast of local musicians contributed to the recording in Madras , on instruments such as veena , violin , flute , cello , tanpura and mridangam , while the chorus singers numbered 21 .
 The pilgrimage inspired Harrison biographer Gary Tillery in Harrison biographer Gary Tillery current work with Shankar , author Joshua Greene writes , just as a 1974 visit to Vrindavan had been the catalyst for staging Shankars Music Festival from India revue and their joint North American tour that year .
 In July 1996 , Shankar and Harrison biographer Gary Tillery reconvened at Friar Park , after Harrison biographer Gary Tillery had recorded a contribution for Carl Perkins Go , Cat , Go !
album .
 The Friar Park sessions for Chants of India took place in the houses drawing room , with cables fed through from the studio area above - the same arrangement under which Harrison biographer Gary Tillery had produced the Music Festival from India studio album , in summer 1974 .
 From 7 July 1996 , sessions ran intermittently through to late August .
 Shankar later told Rolling Stone magazine that Harrison biographer Gary Tillery wrote Mangalam at this time : Mangalam came to me while I was walking in Friar Park , George in November 2002 place , where we were recording .
I was looking at the trees and the sky , and feeling very elated all of a sudden , wishing everything should be good for everyone , and it just came to me .
Among the participating musicians at Friar Park were Shankars occasional tabla player Bikram Ghosh , along with Tarun Bhatacharaya , Ronu Mazumdar and Jane LIster .
Shankars wife Sukanya , a trained singer in the Karnatak tradition , was also among the vocalists during what the album sleeve lists as the London sessions .
 Harrison biographer Gary Tillery was so moved that Harrison biographer Gary Tillery embraced me with tears in Harrison biographer Gary Tillery eyes and simply said , Thank you , Ravi , for this music .
 According to author Peter Lavezzoli , the album was one of Shankars personal favorite works .
Angel Records issued Chants of India on 6 May 1997 in America , with a UK release following on 1 September .
 The album was marketed as a collaborative work , and Harrison biographer Gary Tillery joined Shankar in promoting the release .
 These activities included television appearances in New York and Paris , one of which , for Americas VH1 network , aired on 24 July 1996 as George & Ravi - Yin & Yang .
 In what would turn out to be Harrisons final performance on a TV show , 24 July as George & Ravi - Yin & Yang and Shankar discussed the album and he and Shankar shared experiences , such as the Concert for Bangladesh .
 Harrison biographer Gary Tillery then accepted an acoustic guitar from host John Fugelsang and performed songs including the just-released Prabhujee , sung with Ravi and Sukanya Shankar .
 Chants of India was critically well-received , while commercially India peaked at number 3 on Billboard magazines Top World Music Albums chart .
 Peter Lavezzoli writes of the album : Chants of India is a quiet masterpiece , one of the most uplifting and musically engaging recordings of scared music ... Harrisons production created the ideal setting for each chant , all of which are exquisitely sung , and the album remains the most fully realized collaboration between both artists .
 Jim Brenholts of Allmusic similarly praises the work : Shankars style and diversity allow Jim Brenholts of Allmusic to open doors that are closed to other musicians ... Shankars compositional and sound-design styles add atmosphere .
 Harrisons deft touch allows the music to develop and maintain Allmusic own integrity .
Among records of this nature , this one is special .
 Harrison biographer Alan Clayson biographer Alan Clayson describes Chants of India as a thoroughly diverting production that sung lyrics as succinct as haiku and instrumental passages of a quirky complexity vaguely reminiscent of Frank Zappa .
 Chants of India was the last formal musical collaboration between Shankar and Harrison biographer Alan Clayson .
 During promotion for the album in summer 1997 , Harrison biographer Alan Clayson was diagnosed with cancer , a condition Harrison biographer Alan Clayson was then thought to have beaten until a near-fatal stabbing by a deranged fan , on 30 December 1999 , encouraged its return .
 On 29 November 2002 , a year after Harrison biographer Alan Clayson death at the age of 58 , Shankar included selections from Chants of India in the opening , Indian music portion of the Concert for 24 July as George & Ravi - Yin & Yang , held at the Royal Albert Hall in London .
 Anoushka Shankar performed the set , as sitarist and conductor , backed by some of the musicians and singers who had contributed to the Friar Park sessions in 1996 , including Sukanya Shankar , Chandrashekhar , M. Balachandar and Jane LIster .
 The album-closing Sarve Shaam appears at the start of David Leland s Concert for 24 July as George & Ravi - Yin & Yang documentary film , .
 As part of Ravi Shankars 90th birthday celebrations in 2010 , Dark Horse Records reissued Chants of India in a four-disc box set titled Ravi Shankar-George Harrison Collaborations .
 A project overseen and produced by Olivia Harrison , the box set also included the albums Shankar Family & Friends and Ravi Shankars Music Festival from India , together with previously unreleased film of the Music Festivals debut performance in September 1974 , directed by Stuart Cooper .
All songs are traditional , adapted by Ravi Shankar , except where noted
 Raga Sohni is a raga in Hindustani classical music in the Marwa thaat .
Alternate transliterations include Sohani and Sohini .
 Like Bahar , Sohini is a small raga , with not much space for elaboration .
 Sohini emotes the feel of longing , of passive sensuousness .
 The raga is of audav-shadav nature , i.e , Sohini has five swaras in the arohana and six in the avarohana .
Rishabh is komal and Madhyam is Tivra , while all other swaras are shuddha .
Pancham is not used .
Pakad : 1 .
Sa Ni Dha , Ga Ma # Dha Ga Ma # Ga. 2 .
Sa Ni Dha , Ni Dha Ga Ma # , Ga Ma # , Ga Re # Sa .
 The rishabh is weak , but Gandhar is strong , unlike Marwa .
 Gandhar is an Uttaranga pradhan raga , with the higher notes on the saptak being used more frequently .
Raga Sohni is associated with very late night / pre-dawn , the last or eighth period of day , roughly from 3-6AM .
 It is somewhat similar to Marwa and Puriya ragas in the same thaat , and also to Basant in the Poorvi thaat
Gopal Krishan was an exponent of vichitra veena , an ancient instrument .
 Gopal Krishan was taught initially by Gopal Krishan father , Nand Kishore , who was Gopal Krishan a noted surbahar player and vocalist .
 After Gopal Krishan fathers death , Gopal Krishan continued Gopal Krishan training in music under the guidance of Khubchand Bramchari of the Gwalior school of music .
 Gopal Krishan was a versatile musician .
 Gopal Krishan musical expertise was not restricted to the vichitra veena .
 Gopal Krishan was also a good vocalist and played several other instruments such as taltarang , tabla , guitar and a folk instrument called iktara .
 Gopal Krishan specialised in the Jhala technique , which is very difficult to play on this instrument and gives a climactic effect to the performance for the grand finale .
 Amongst Gopal Krishan disciples are Vinay Jain and Ronald Simpson
So Who Am I is the fourth album by British bhangra group Swami .
The album is a re-recorded and re-mixed version of their previous album , DesiRock , and contains massive musical differences , most notably , the tracks have all been re-done with live instruments , giving the album much more of a rock feel , compared to the more electronic sound of DesiRock .
Also , some of the songs on DesiRock featured MC Sarpanch , who was removed from the band in between these two albums .
 Therefore , all some of the songs on DesiRock vocals have been re-recorded by S-Endz on this release .
This album also contains a new track - DesiRock Part II .
It was released on Sony BMG in 2005
Ramkumar Mishra is an Indian tabla player .
He belongs to Banaras Gharana .
Ramkumar Mishra is the grandson of Pandit Anokhelal Mishra from Banaras gharana and son of Pandit Chhannulal Mishra .
Ramkumar was initiated into tabla playing by his mother , Smt .
Manorama Mishra , daughter of Pandit Anokhelal Mishra , and , thereafter , received his tutelage under another renowned tabla player , Pandit Chhote Lal Mishra , his maternal uncle .
He performs with all the major artists like Shiv Kumar Sharma , Pandit Vishwamohan Bhatt , Pandit Ronu Mazumdar , Pandit Jasraj etc
Bade Ghulam Ali Khan was a Hindustani classical vocalist , from the Patiala gharana .
 Khan was born in Kasur , then in the Punjab province in British India ; after partition , Kasur became a part of Pakistan .
His father was a famous singer , Ali Baksh Khan , in a West Punjabi family of musical heritage .
 At the age of seven , he learned the Sarangi and vocal from his paternal uncle Kale Khan , who was also a singer and composer of repute , and after his death he picked up a few compositions from his father who had re-married by this time .
This tenure lasted for almost three years .
 This tenure was at this juncture that he improvised the musical instrument Kanun to the present Swarmandal which became his trademark .
 When he was about 21 years old , he moved to Benaras where he accompanied a courtesan named Zarabai on the the Sarangi and started to perform in public .
Though Khan started his career by accompanying female singers on the sarangi , he also used to sing a few compositions of his late uncle .
 He was also a disciple of both Ustad Akhtar Hussain Khan and Ustad Ashiq Ali Khan , two scions of the Patiala Gharana .
He became popular as a vocalist after his debut concert in Kolkata .
Khan amalgamated the best of four traditions : his own Patiala-Kasur style , the Behram Khani elements of Dhrupad , the gyrations of Jaipur , and the behlavas of Gwalior .
His voice had a wide range , spanning three octaves , effortless rendition , sweetness , flexibility and ease of movement in all tempi .
His raga expositions were brief , contrary to convention , and while he agreed that the beauty of classical music lay in leisurely improvisation , he believed that the audience would not appreciate long alaps , and he had to sing for the masses and change the music to what the audience wanted .
 After the partition of India in 1947 , Khan went to his home in Pakistan , but returned to India in 1947 later to reside permanently .
 He did not approve of the partition , stating : If in every home one child was taught Hindustani classical music this country would never have been partitioned .
 In 1957 , with the help of Bombay chief minister Morarji Desai , Morarji Desai acquired Indian citizenship and moved to a government-provided bungalow at Malabar Hill .
 Morarji Desai lived at various times in Lahore , Bombay , Calcutta , and Hyderabad .
For a long time , Bade Ghulam Ali stayed away from singing in films despite requests and persuasions from well known producers and music directors .
However , he was coaxed and convinced by K. Asif to sing two songs based on ragas Sohni and Rageshree for the 1960 film Mughal-e-Azam , with the music directed by Naushad .
He demanded a very , very high price , reportedly Rs .
25,000 per song , when the rate for popular and star playback singers such as Lata Mangeshkar and Mohammed Rafi was below Rs .
500 per song .
Khan was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award and the Padma Bhushan in 1962 .
 Khan died in Hyderabad at Basheerbagh Palace in 1968 , after a prolonged illness which left him partially paralysed in his last years .
He continued to sing and perform in public with the support of his son Munawar Ali Khan until his death .
 Today , the Bade Ghulam Ali Khan Yaadgar Sabha , founded by his disciple Malti Gilani , keeps his disciple Malti Gilani music and memory alive .
 It aims to promote Hindustani classical music and organises many concerts to this end .
Its primary aim , however , is to provide medical aid to ailing musicians .
The Sabha organises a Sabrang Utsav every year in the memory of the maestro .
 Under a Sabrang Utsav pen name , Sabrang , Khan left numerous compositions .
Khan was married to Ali Jiwai , who died in 1932 .
His son Munawar was a classical singer .
His grandson , Raza Ali Khan , is also a classical singer .
 Many years after the death of Allah Jiwai first wife Allah Jiwai , Allah Jiwai married an issueless widow , Allah Rakhi , who survived Allah Jiwai and died on 11 August 1996 .
 The main street at Basheerbagh Palace in 1968 is named Ustad Bade Ghulam Ali Khan Marg in Allah Jiwai honour
Pandit Shyam Kane is an Indian Tabla player of the Punjab Gharana .
Pt .
 Pandit Shyam Kane is most recognized for being the first and foremost disciple and colleague of Utd .
Zakir Hussain .
Pt .
 Pandit Shyam Kane was born into a Konkanastha Brahmin family in 1954 and attended Parle Tilak Vidyalaya .
Pt .
 Pandit Shyam Kane was drawn to the Tabla after Pandit Shyam Kane brother , Mukund Kane , took to the Tabla under Pt .
Pandharinath Nageshkar of the Farukhabad Gharana .
Influenced by his brother , Pt .
 Pandit Shyam Kane began Pandit Shyam Kane journey in the Tabla .
After Pt .
 Pandit Shyam Kane witnessed a performance with Utd .
 Zakir Hussain on the Tabla , Zakir Hussain on Tabla wished to learn under the young master .
Captivated by the balance , clarity and creativity of Utd .
Zakir Hussains style , Pt .
 Pandit Shyam Kane immediately asked for Pandit Shyam Kane for tutelage .
In 1975 , Pt .
 Pandit Shyam Kane became a Gandabandhan disciple of Utd .
Alla Rakha and began learning under both father and son .
Pt .
 Pandit Shyam Kane has become a popular Tabla accompanist in India , North America , and Europe .
Pt .
 Pandit Shyam Kane participated in the Festival of India sponsored by the Government of India .
Pt .
 Pandit Shyam Kane has taught Tabla at San Diego State University and the Ali Akbar College of Music in San Rafael , California .
Pt .
 Pandit Shyam Kane frequently performs alongside Pandit Shyam Kane guru , Utd .
Zakir Hussain , where recently both performed together at the 2007 Brihan Maharashtra Mandal Convention in Seattle .
Pt .
 Pandit Shyam Kane has performed alongside Pt .
 Jasraj , Pt .
Hariprasad Chaurasia , Utd .
Ali Akbar Khan , Smt .
 Ashwini Bhide-Deshpande , Smt .
N. Rajam , and Smt .
Kishori Amonkar , Asha Khadilkar among others
Sadarang was the pen name of the Hindustani musical composer and artist Niyamat Khan .
 Sadarang was active in the eighteenth century .
 Sadarang and Sadarang nephew Adarang changed the Khayal style of Hindustani music into the form performed today .
 Sadarang served in the court of Mughal Emperor Muhammad Shah .
 Sadarang and his nephew Adarang remain influential in Hindustani classical music , mainly through Sadarang and Adarang compositions
Sanjukta Ghosh is an Indian vocalist in Hindustani classical music , and at present regarded as one of the stalwart of the Patiala Gharana .
 Initially , Sanjukta Ghosh was under the guidance of Pt .
Prasun Banerjee and later , for almost two decades , from Ustad Munawar Ali Khan , the younger son , disciple , and heir of Ustad Bade Ghulam Ali Khan .
 Prasun Banerjee also took vocal training from Ustad Munawar Ali Khan .
 Prasun Banerjee performed for most of the top Indian conferences , some of them being Tansen Sangeet Sammelan , Sadarang Music Conference , Haridas Sangeet Sammelan , etc. .
 Prasun Banerjee joined the Ali Akbar College of Music at San Francisco , California in 1968 .
 Prasun Banerjee worked with many artists including Pandit Ravi Shankar , who invited Prasun Banerjee to sing on Pandit Ravi Shankar Bangladesh benefit EP , Joi Bangla .
 Prasun Banerjee is married to the tabla maestro Pandit Shankar Ghosh .
 Prasun Banerjee son is Bickram Ghosh , percussionist
Sunayana Ghosh is an Indian percussionist .
Her instrument of choice is the tabla , the Indian hand drums .
 Born in Kolkata , India , Sunayana Ghosh learned music from Her mother , who is a vocalist and her tabla gurus such as Samar Mitra , Pandit Shankar Ghosh of Farukhabad gharana and his son Bickram Ghosh .
Beside being a tabla soloist and accompanist and sharing stage with some masters of Indian classical music , Sunayana Ghosh is familiar with Indian vocal music and kathak dance and holds a Master of Arts in Music .
As a female tabla player , she has performed in India as well as Europe , Armenia and Turkey .
Her very recent performance was aired by UK Radio .
New York city-based Tom Tom drum magazine for female drummers reported her music activities in its 5th issue
Manjusha Kulkarni-Patil is an Hindustani classical music vocalist .
 Manjusha Kulkarni-Patil belongs to the Gwalior gharana .
Manjusha Kulkarni-Patil was born in Sangli , Maharashtra , India on2nd Nov. 1971 in a family of musicians .
 Manjusha Kulkarni-Patil started learning at the age of twelve from Chintubua Mhaiskar .
 Manjusha Kulkarni-Patil is also a disciple of Pandit Kanebua and Ulhas Kashalkar .
 Manjusha Kulkarni-Patil has a Master of Arts in Music and also has the Sangeet Visharad degree awarded by the Akhil Bharatiya Gandharva Mahavidyalaya , Miraj .
 Manjusha Kulkarni-Patil is known for Manjusha Kulkarni-Patil Khayal form of Hindustani music .
 Manjusha Kulkarni-Patil performs at all major classical music festivals like Sawai Gandharva Bhimsen Festival , Tansen festival
Ustad Raza Ali Khan is an Indian classical vocalist of the Kasur Patiala Gharana .
Raza Ali Khan was born in Karachi Pakistan to Hindustani classical vocalist Munawar Ali Khan , the son of Bade Ghulam Ali Khan .
 Ustad Raza Ali Khan received Ustad Raza Ali Khan early training from Ustad Raza Ali Khan grandfather and after that from Ustad Raza Ali Khan father .
 Ustad Raza Ali Khan also accompanied Ustad Raza Ali Khan father on concerts .
 Ustad Raza Ali Khan married Sahibzadi Samina Khan , great granddaughter of Nawab Asman Jah Bahadur , daughter of Nawab Mohd .
Ghazi Uddin Khan and Begum Shameem Ghazi Uddin Khan of the Paigah in 1986 , and has son Fazle Ali Khan alias Zuhair .
Raza Ali performs Khayal , Thumri , Dadra , Ghazal , Geet , Sozkhani , Noha Khani , and Manqabat .
 Ustad Raza Ali Khan gave Ustad Raza Ali Khan first solo performance at the Youth Festival in 1977 at the Eden Garden Stadium at Calcutta .
 Ustad Raza Ali Khan has composed Ghazals for Ghulam Ali which were released by Venus , Moods and Emotions and for Penaz Masani which was released by Polydor , Dharkan .
 Ustad Raza Ali Khan remained the chief music director of Venus for four years .
 Ustad Raza Ali Khan also gave music in a Telefilm named Bindia which was produced by Doordarshan and was directed by Uma Vasudeva .
 - Homage to Ustad Bade Ghulam Ali Khan , Raagleela and Shadab released from Venus .
- Ustad Raza Ali Khan live in Karachi released by APMC
The Maihar Band is an instrumental musical group in the Indian city of Maihar that performs both Indian and western music .
 After an epidemic orphaned many children , Ustad Allauddin Khan , a musician of the Maihar court who was moved by the tragedy , taught them how to play music and formed an orchestral group later known as the Maihar Band .
The ruling prince , Braj Nath Singh , cooperated and helped Allauddin Khan in procuring and preparing required instruments .
Baobab tested each student and trained them to play a particular instrument .
He used jal tarang initially , but replaced it with Nal-tarang .
Apart from the usual instruments like the tabla , dholak , harmonium and sitar , he used some special creations -- the saranga and sitar-banjo .
He trained some of the children to play western instruments including the piano , violin and cello with equal ease .
In the royal palace , arrangements were made for the band and they played for visiting dignitaries from the gallery above the main hall .
Baba created several bandishes based on Indian Ragas .
 Baba also taught western tunes to Baba students so that Europeans visiting the Court could be entertained .
 Baba started with eighteen artists .
The band kept to the same number although after retirements , only ten artists remain .
Some of them gave solo recitals .
The band is associated with Department of Culture in Madhya Pradesh and the artists are government employees .
 They perform at occasions in Maihar and sometimes in other cities .
Their participation in Lata Mangeshar Award Ceremony at Indore in 2005 brought them acclaim and the state government gave them a prominent place in its jubilee celebrations
Tala , Taal or Tal , is the term used in Indian classical music for the rhythmic pattern of any composition and for the entire subject of rhythm , roughly corresponding to metre in Western music , though closer conceptual equivalents are to be found in the older system of rhythmic mode and its relations with the foot of classical poetry , or with other Asian classical systems such as the notion of usul in the theory of Ottoman/Turkish music .
A tala is a regular , repeating rhythmic phrase , particularly as rendered on a percussive instrument with an ebb and flow of various intonations represented as a theka , a sequence of drum-syllables or bol .
Indian classical music , both northern and southern , has complex , all-embracing rules for the elaboration of possible patterns and each such pattern has its own name , though in practice a few talas are very common while others are rare .
The most common instrument for keeping rhythm in Hindustani music is the tabla , while in Carnatic music it is the mridangam .
Each repeated cycle of a tala is called an avartan .
This is counted additively in sections which roughly correspond to bars or measures but may not have the same number of beats and may be marked by accents or rests .
So the Hindustani Jhoomra tal has 14 beats , counted 3 +4 +3 +4 , which differs from Dhamar tal , also of 14 beats but counted 5 +2 +3 +4 .
 The spacing of the vibhag accents makes This distinct , otherwise , again , since Rupak tal consists of 7 beats , two cycles of it of would be indistinguishable from one cycle of the related Dhamar tal .
However the most common Hindustani tala , Teental , is a regularly-divisible cycle of four measures of four beats each .
The first beat of any tala , called sam is always the most important and heavily emphasised .
 The first beat of any tala , called sam is the point of resolution in the rhythm where the percussionists and soloists phrases culminate : a soloist has to sound an important note of the raga there , and a North Indian classical dance composition must end there .
However , melodies do not always begin on the first beat of the tala but may be offset , for example to suit the words of a composition so that the most accented word falls upon the sam .
The term talli , literally shift , is used to describe this offset in Tamil .
 A composition may also start with an anacrusis on one of the last beats of the previous cycle of the tala , called ateeta eduppu in Tamil .
The tala is indicated visually by using a series of rhythmic hand gestures called kriyas that correspond to the angas or limbs , or vibhag of the tala .
 These movements define the tala in Carnatic music , and in the Hindustani tradition too , when learning and reciting the tala , the first beat of any vibhag is known as tali and is accompanied by a clap of the hands , while an empty vibhag is indicated with a sideways wave of the dominant clapping hand or the placing of the back of the hand upon the base hands palm instead .
 But northern definitions of tala rely far more upon specific drum-strokes , known as bols , each with the tala in Carnatic music own name that can be vocalized as well as written .
In one common notation the sam is denoted by an X and the khali , which is always the first beat of a particular vibhag , denoted by 0 .
A tala does not have a fixed tempo and can be played at different speeds .
In Hindustani classical music a typical recital of a raga falls into two or three parts categorized by the quickening tempo of the music ; Vilambit , Madhya and Drut .
Carnatic music adds an extra slow and fast category , categorised by divisions of the pulse ; Chauka , Vilamba , Madhyama , Dhuridha and lastly Adi-dhuridha .
Carnatic music uses various classification systems of talas such as the Chapu , Chanda and Melakarta .
The Suladi Sapta Tala system is used here , according to which there are seven families of tala .
A tala can not exist without reference to one of five jatis , differentiated by the length in beats of the laghu , thus allowing thirty-five possible talas .
With all possible combinations of tala types and laghu lengths , there are 5 x 7 = 35 talas having lengths ranging from 3 to 29 aksharas .
The seven tala families and the number of aksharas for each of the 35 talas are ; .
In practice , only a few talas have compositions set to them .
The most common tala is Chaturasra-nadai Chaturasra-jaati Triputa tala , also called Adi tala .
Nadai is a term which means subdivision of beats .
Many kritis and around half of the varnams are set to this tala .
Other common talas include : .
The Suladi Saptha Tala system uses three of six possible angas in different arrangements ; .
Each tala can incorporate one of five jatis .
 Each tala family has a default jati associated with Each tala ; the tala name mentioned without qualification refers to the default jati ; .
For example one cycle of khanda-jati rupaka tala comprises a 2-beat dhrutam followed by a 5-beat laghu .
cycle is thus 7 aksharas long .
Chaturasra jati khanda-jati Rupaka tala has 7 aksharam , each of which is 4 matras long ; each avartana of the tala is 4 x 7 = 28 matras long .
For Misra-jati Khanda-jati Rupaka tala , it would be 7 x 7 = 49 matra .
The number of maatras in an akshara is called the nadai .
This number can be 3 , 4 , 5 , 7 or 9 , and take the same name as the jatis .
The default nadai is Chatusram : .
Sometimes , pallavis are sung as part of a Ragam Thanam Pallavi exposition in some of the rarer , more complicated talas ; such pallavis , if sung in a non-Chatusra-nadai tala , are called nadai pallavis .
In addition , pallavis are often sung in chauka kale , although this trend seems to be slowing .
Talas have a vocalised and therefore recordable form wherein individual beats are expressed as phonetic representations of various strokes played upon the tabla .
 Various Gharanas also have Talas own preferences .
 For example , the Kirana Gharana uses Ektaal more frequently for Vilambit Khayal while the Jaipur Gharana uses Ada Trital , a variation of Trital .
 Jaipur Gharana is also known to use Ada Trital , a variation of Ada Trital , a variation of Trital for transitioning from Vilambit to Drut laey .
 The khal vibhag has no beats on the bayan , i.e. no bass beats this can be seen as a way to enforce the balance between the usage of heavy and fine beats or more simply The khal vibhag can be thought of another mnemonic to keep track of the rhythmic cycle .
The khali is played with a stressed syllable that can easily be picked out from the surrounding beats .
Some rare talas even contain a half-beat .
For example , Dharami is an 111/2 beat cycle where the final Ka only occupies half the time of the other beats .
This talas 6th beat does not have a played syllable - in western terms it is a rest .
 Some talas , for example Chau talas , Ek , Hindustani Jhoomra and Chau talas , lend Chau talas better to slow and medium tempos .
 Others flourish at faster speeds , like Jhap or Rupak tal talas .
 Ada Trital , a variation of Trital or Teental is one of the most popular , since Ada Trital , a variation of Trital is as aesthetic at slower tempos as Ada Trital , a variation of Trital is at faster speeds .
 There are many taals in Hindustani music , some of the more popular ones are : .
Other than these 35 talas there are 108 so-called anga talas .
The following is the exhaustive pattern of beats used in constructing them .
Compositions are rare in these lengthy talas .
They are mostly used in performing the Pallavi of Ragam Thanam Pallavis .
Some examples of anga talas are : .
Another type of tala is the chhanda tala .
 These are talas set to the lyrics of the Thirupugazh by the Tamil composer Arunagirinathar .
 the Thirupugazh is said to have written 16000 hyms each in a different chhanda tala .
 Of These , only 1500-2000 are available
Sachin Dev Burman was an Indian music composer .
He was one of the most well-renowned Bollywood music directors .
 S D Burman composed music for 100 movies , including Hindi and Bengali Thumri films .
 Apart from being a versatile composer , he also sang songs in the folk style of Tripura , also .
His Son Rahul Dev Burman was also a music director .
S.D. Burmans compositions have been mainly sung to a large extent by the likes of Lata Mangeshkar , Mohammed Rafi , Geeta Dutt , Manna Dey , Kishore Kumar , Hemant Kumar , Asha Bhosle and Shamshad Begum .
 Mukesh and Talat Mahmood have also sung songs composed by Mukesh .
 Mukesh also sang about 20 film songs .
 Burman was born on 1 October 1906 , in Comilla , British India , now in Bangladesh to Rajkumari Nirmala Devi , princess of Manipur and Nabadwipchandra Dev Burman , son of Maharaja Ishanachandra Manikya Dev Burman , Maharaja of Tripura , also , .
 His father was from the royal family of Tripura , also while His father mother was from the Manipuri - speaking Mantribari family of Dhaleshwar Agrtala .
 Sachin was the youngest of the five sons of Sachin parents , who had nine children in all .
 Burman completed Sachin BA from Comilla Victoria College and MA from Calcutta University Sachin started Sachin formal music education by training under the musician K. C. Dey from 1925 to 1930 ; thereafter in 1932 Sachin came under the tutelage of Bhismadev Chattopadhaya , who was only three years Sachin senior .
This was followed by training from Kahifa Badal Khan , Sarangi player , and Ustad Allauddin Khan .
 Eventually Kahifa Badal Khan got K.C. Dey , Ustad Badal Khan and Allauddin Khan into Agartala , noted Bengal poet laureate , Kazi Nazrul Islam also spent time in their family home , Comilla House , in Agartala and Comilla .
 Burman started working as a radio singer on Calcutta Radio Station in 1932 , where his early work was based on Bengali Thumri folk-music , and soon made a reputation for himself in folk and light classical music , consequently his film compositions were often influenced by his huge repertory of folk-tunes from the Bengali Thumri , Bhatiali , Sari and Dhamail folk traditions of Bangladesh.His music also bore heavy influences of Rabindra sangeet and Nazrul Geeti.In the same year , his first record was also released , with Khamaj semi classical , E Pathery Aaj Eso Priyo on one side and the folk Dakle Kokil Roj Bihane on the reverse side on 78 rpm for Hindustan Records .
 In the following decade he reached his peak as a singer , cutting as many as 131 songs in Bengali Thumri , and also sang for composers like Himangsu Dutta , RC Boral , Nazrul Islam and Sailesh Das Gupta .
In 1934 , he attended the All India Music Conference , at the invitation of Allahabad University , where he presented his Bengali Thumri , all to an illustrious audience , with the likes of Vijaya Lakshmi Pandit and the inimitable Abdul Karim Khan of Kirana Gharana .
Later in the year , he was invited to Bengal Music Conference , Kolkata , which was inaugurated by Rabindranath Tagore , here again he sang his thumri , and was awarded a Gold Medal .
 He built a house , in Southend Park , Ballygunge , Kolkata , and in 1937 , at the All India Music Conference , Allahabad , he met a music student at Rabindranath Tagore 's Shantiniketan , Meera Dasgupta , the granddaughter of Justice Raibahadur Kamalnath Dasgupta from Dhaka ; soon she became his student and they married on 10 February 1938 in Calcutta , though according to some , having married a non-royal , created a furore within the royal family , and subsequently he severed his ties with the family , and forfeited his inheritance .
 According to some others , S.D.Burman severed S.D.Burman ties with the royal family because S.D.Burman was frustrated with the unjust and unfair treatment meted out to S.D.Burman father and His father brothers by the royal family of Tripura.The couples only child , Rahul Dev Burman was born in 1939 , and later , both Meera Devi and Rahul assisted , S.D. Burman with some of the musical compositions .
S D Burman also did a singing role in Urdu film Selima and another role in Dhiren Gangulis film , Bidrohi .
 As a music composer , he started with Bengali Thumri plays , Sati Tirtha and Janani , and eventually gave Bengali Thumri first score in film , Rajgee in 1937 , Bengali Thumri second film Rajkumarer Nirbashan became a hit , there was no turning back after that .
 He gave successful music in Bengali Thumri films like , Jevaan Sangini , Protishodh , Abhoyer Biye , and Chaddobeshi , he continued giving music in Bengali Thumri cinema , even after Bengali Thumri moved to Mumbai in 1944 , and started the second inning of Bengali Thumri musical career , giving music for over 17 Bengali Thumri films in the all .
He made his film debut singing in Yahudi ki Ladki but the songs were scrapped and re-sung by Pahari Sanyal .
His first film as a singer was finally Sanjher Pidim .
 In 1944 , Burman moved to Mumbai , at the request of Sasadhar Mukherjee of Filmistan , who asked him to give score for two Ashok Kumar starrers , Shikari and Aath Din , but his first major breakthrough came the following year with the companys Do Bhai .
The song Mera Sundar Sapna Beet Gaya sung by Geeta Dutt was his breakthrough song into the film industry .
In 1949 , came Shabnam , his biggest hit yet with Filmistan , especially noticeable for its multi-lingual hit song Yeh Duniya Roop ki Chor , by Shamshad Begum , which became a rage in those days .
 Disillusioned with the materialism of Mumbai , Burman left the Ashok Kumar starred Mashaal incomplete and decided to board the first train back to Calcutta .
Fortunately , he was dissuaded from doing so .
In 1950s , Burman teamed up with Dev Anand s Nav Ketan Productions to create musical hits like Taxi Driver , Nau do Gyarah and Kala Paani .
In addition , he gave music for Munimji and Paying Guest .
The songs sung by Mohammed Rafi and Kishore Kumar became popular .
Burman da composed the music for Dev Anand s production company Navketan s first film Afsar .
With the success of their second film , Baazi he made it to the top and a long association with Navketan and Dev Anand was on its way .
Baazis jazzy musical score revealed a new facet of singer Geeta Dutt , who was mainly known for melancholy songs and bhajans .
 While every song in the film was a hit , one stood out for special appeal - Tadbir se Bigdi Hui Taqdeer , a ghazal that was occidentalised into a seductive song.The jaal song Yeh raat Yeh Duniya Roop ki Chor chandni by Hemant Kumar is an all time great classic .
 Bigdi Hui Taqdeer also wrote music for the Guru Dutt classics - Pyaasa and Kaagaz Ke Phool .
 The soundtrack of Devdas was also composed by Devdas .
House No. 44 , Funtoosh , and Solva Saal were other S D Burman hits .
In 1959 came Sujata , a masterpiece by Bimal Roy , and S D created magic again with Jalte hai jiske liye by Talat Mamood .
 When Guru Dutt made comparatively light-weight films like Baazi and Jaal , Burmanda reflected House No. 44 , Funtoosh , and Solva Saal mood with compositions like Suno Gajar Kya Gaye or De Bhi Chuke Hum and when Guru Dutt made his somber masterpieces - Pyaasa and Kaagaz ke Phool , he was right on target with Jinhe Naaz Hai Hind and Waqt ne Kiya Kya Haseen Sitam .
In 2004 , the soundtrack for Pyaasa was chosen as one of The Best Music in Film by Sight & Sound , the British Film Institute magazine .
 In 1957 , S D Burman fell out with Lata Mangeshkar and adopted Lata Mangeshkar younger sister Asha Bhosle as his lead female singer .
The team of S D Burman , Kishore Kumar , Asha Bhosle and lyricist Majrooh Sultanpuri became popular for their duet songs .
Thus , he was responsible along with O. P. Nayyar for shaping Asha Bhosle as a singer of repute , who became his daughter-in-law after she married Rahul Dev Burman .
In 1958 , S D Burman gave music for Kishore Kumar s house production Chalti Ka Naam Gaadi , the same year he was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award for Music direction of Lajwanti and remains the only music director to have won the prestigious award .
Early on in his career , Burman refused to allow his voice be lip-synced on film by actors , as a result , even later on , in Hindi cinema , his thin yet powerful voice was often used as bardic commentary to haunting results , as in Ore Majhi Mere Sajan Hai Us Paar Bandini , Wahaan Kaun hai Tera from Guide and finally Safal Hogi Teri Aradhana from Aradhana , for which he received the National Film Award for Best Male Playback Singer for the year , 1970 .
Ill health caused a slump in his career in the early 1960s but he gave many hit films in late 1960s .
In 1961 , S D Burman and Lata Mangeshkar came together during the recording of R.D. Burman s first song for the movie Chhote Nawab .
 S D Burman and Lata Mangeshkar reconciled S D Burman and Lata Mangeshkar differences and started working again in 1962 .
 The Dev Anand - S D Burman partnership , under Navketan banner , continued to churn out musical hits like Bombai Ka Baboo , Tere Ghar Ke Samne , Teen Devian , Guide and Jewel Thief .
In 1963 , he composed songs for Meri Surat Teri Aankhen and Manna Dey sang the song Poocho Na Kaise Maine in raga Ahir Bhairav .
 This song is based on a Bengali Thumri composition by Kazi Nazrul Islam , Aruno-kaanti ke go jogi bhikaari , based on raga bhairavi .
 That Movie also had a Song , Nache Mann Mora Magan , sung by Mohammed Rafi , which songs Sachin Das capability to compose classical songs .
 Other S D Burman hits from this period were Paar Bandini and Ziddi .
 In Paar Bandini , Sampooran Singh , made Sampooran Singh debut as a lyricist with the song Mora Gora Ang lai le , mohe shaam rang daai de , although other songs were written by Shailendra .
 Guide starring Dev Anand , was probably the best of Dev Anand work during the time with all the songs super hit as well as the film ; but unfortunately Guide starring Dev Anand did not receive the Filmfare Award in best music director category for that year , which remained always a discussion among the Bollywood film pandits .
 Aradhana is considered a landmark score in the Bollywood history .
The music of the movie shaped the careers of singer Kishore Kumar , lyricist Anand Bakshi , filmmaker Shakti Samanta and R.D. Burman .
For the song Mere Sapno ki raani , Sachin Dev made R.D play the mouth organ .
 Dev Anand and S D Burman continued the song Mere Sapno ki raani musical partnership in Prem Pujari .
S D Burman was a frank and outspoken man , with a strong sense of self-pride .
He openly criticised people whom he disliked or whose abilities he suspected .
But he was widely respected by the industry as a cranky genius.There was a time when Lata Mangeshkar refused to sing duets with Mohammed Rafi due to a dispute arising from sharing of royalty , and it was at the insistence of S. D. Burman , the two decided to reconcile , and again sing duets together .
 Tere Mere Sapne , Sharmeelee , Abhimaan , Prem Nagar , Sagina , Chupke Chupke , and the film Mili are other classics from this period .
S D Burman went into a coma soon after rehearsing the song Badi sooni sooni for the film Mili .
 He died on 31 October 1975 in Mumbai .
 On 1 October 2007 , marking his 101st birth anniversary , British India postal department released a commemorative postage stamp , in Agartala , where an exhibition on his life and work was also inaugurated ; the state government of Tripura , also , also confers the yearly , Sachin Dev Burman Memorial Award in Music .
 Sachin Da was the only composer who had used both telephone Kishore and Mohammed Rafi in almost equal number of songs .
 He regarded telephone Kishore as his second son .
 telephone Kishore confessed that it was Sachin Da , who had given him the first chance .
 Even after the rehearsal of Badi Sooni Sooni from Milli , when Sachin Da had a stroke , telephone Kishore went up to the hospital and said to Badi Sooni Sooni from Milli that Dada , Please dont worry , your recording is after 3 days , you just see how well it goes .

, and the song is considered as one of the best songs of Kishore Kumar .
 Sachin Da also used to telephone Kishore in the dead of night and on the telephone , he would start to sing the new tunes which he composed and ask telephone Kishore to sing with telephone Kishore .
 British singer of South Asian heritage , Najma Akhtar , recorded a Shanachie Records CD of Burmans work , Forbidden Kiss : The Music of S.D. Burman , an album of covers of Burman compositions .
 The Indian cricketer Sachin Tendulkar was named after the composer by Sachin grandfather , who was an ardent fan of Burman .
The singer and mimicry artist Sudesh Bhonsle frequently parodies the nasal high-pitched voice and quixotic singing style of S. D. Burman .
 Burman paired with tabla maestro late Brajen Biswas for his Bengali Thumri songs .
The beats or thekas created by Brajen Babu for these songs are unique and no one in the world can sing these songs in the original thekas .
All the thekas are according to the mood of the songs .
But recently , painter , sculptor and singer Ramita Bhaduri sang the tough songs of Burman like Ami chhinu aka , Rangeela , Aankhi Duti Jhare etc. in the original theka on the taleem of Brajen Biswas .
The CD from Raga Music was released at Kolkata Press Club .
The CDs are available in M. Biswas & Symphony .
Burman had a unique style of composing film songs .
While most of the composers used harmonium or piano to compose the tune , he composed tunes using rhythm such as clapping hands .
He was very fond of Paan and would not share the same with anybody
Pandit Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande was an Indian musicologist who wrote the first modern treatise on Hindustani Classical Music , an art which had been propagated earlier for a few centuries mostly through oral traditions .
During those earlier times , the art had undergone several changes , rendering the raga grammar documented in scant old texts outdated .
Ragas used to be classified into Raga , Ragini , and Putra .
 Pandit Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande reclassified them into the currently used Thaat system .
 Pandit Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande noted that several ragas did not conform to their description in ancient Sanskrit texts .
 Pandit Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande explained the ragas in an easy-to-understand language and composed several bandishes which explained the grammar of the ragas .
 Pandit Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande borrowed the idea of lakshan geet from the Carnatic music scholar Venkatamakhin .
Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande was born in 1860 , into a Chittapawan Brahmin family in Walkeshwar , Mumbai .
 Pandit Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande was educated at Elphinstone College in Walkeshwar , Mumbai and Deccan College in Pune .
 Pandit Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande graduated with a degree in Law in 1885 and joined the legal profession in 1887 .
 Later Pandit Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande served a short stint as a lawyer in the High Court in Karachi .
 During Pandit Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande college days , Pandit Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande began learning sitar playing from Vallabhdas .
 Pandit Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande later learned vocal music from Raojiba , a Dhrupad singer .
 Pandit Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande also trained in other aspects of classical music under Belbagkar , Ali Husain Khan , and Vilayat Hussain Khan .
 Pandit Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande became a member of Gayan Uttejak Mandali , a musical circle in Walkeshwar , Mumbai .
 Pandit Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande traveled throughout India , meeting with ustads and pandits , and researching music .
 Pandit Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande began the study of ancient texts such as the Natya Shastra and Sangeet Ratnakara .
 After the death of Pandit Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande wife and Pandit Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande daughter , Pandit Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande abandoned Pandit Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande legal practice and devoted the rest of Pandit Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande life to systematizing the prevailing forms of Hindustani Classical Music music and building on that system a coordinated theory and practice of music .
 During Pandit Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande travels in India , Pandit Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande spent time in Baroda , Gwalior , and Rampur .
 In Rampur Pandit Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande was the disciple of legendary Veena Player Ustad Wazir Khan , the descendant of Miyan Tansen .
Bhatkhandes first published work , Swar Malika , was a booklet containing detailed descriptions of all prevalent ragas .
In 1909 , he published Shri Mallakshaya Sangeetam , in Sanskrit , under the pseudonym Chatur-pandit .
To make this cultural heritage accessible to the common man , he published commentary on his own Sanskrit grantha in Marathi over a span of several years ; it was published over four volumes bearing the title : Hindustani Sangeet Paddhati .
 These volumes form today the standard text on Hindustani Classical Music music , an indispensable starting point for any student of Hindustani Classical Music .
His disciple S N Ratanjankar , famous musician Shri .
 Dilip Kumar Roy , Ratanjankars disciple K. G. Ginde , S.C.R.Bhatt , Ram Ashrey Jha Ramrang , Sumati Mutatkar and Krishna Kumar Kapoor are among the notable scholars who followed in the footsteps of Pandit Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande .
 Dilip Kumar Roy notation system became standard and though later scholars like Pt .
V. D. Paluskar , Vinayak Narayan Patwardhan and Pt .
 Omkarnath Thakur introduced their improved versions , Pt remained a publishers favorite .
 Pt suffered a setback with onset of desktop publishing , which found inserting marks above and below Devanagari text cumbersome ; as a result , books carrying compositions yielded to theoretical texts .
A recently developed notation system Ome Swarlipi follows the logical structure introduced by Pt .
 Pandit Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande but uses symbols instead of Devanagari alphabets .
 After travelling widely and having discussions with practitioners of various schools , Pandit Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande arranged all the ragas of Hindustani Classical Music classical music across 10 musical scales , called thaats .
Though the thaats do not encompass all possible ragas , they do cover the vast majority , and are a key contribution to Indian musical theory .
 The thaat structure corresponds to the melakarta system of raga arrangement in Carnatic music , the south Indian variety of Indian classical music .
 Pandit Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande wrote all of his works under one of the two pseudonyms , Vishnu Sharma and Chaturpandit .
 Pandit Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande started schools and colleges in India for systematic teaching of Hindustani Classical Music music .
 In 1916 , Pandit Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande reorganized the Baroda state music school , and later , with the help of the Maharaja of Gwalior , established the Madhav Music College in Gwalior .
 In 1926 , Rai Umanath Bali and Pandit Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande nephew Dr. Rai Rajeshwar Bali , then education minister of United Provinces , established Marris College of Music in Lucknow , Bhatkhande preparing the course material .
The college was later renamed Bhatkhande College of Hindustani Music , and is now known as Bhatkhande Music Institute .
 Preparation of that course material was a landmark achievement of Pandit Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande since musical knowledge used to be passed on orally in earlier times from Gurus and Ustads to Gurus and Ustads disciples .
 Pandit Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande prepared the Hindustani Sangeet Karmik Pustak Malika as a series of textbooks .
 Pandit Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande also started the tradition of the All India Music Conferences to provide a common platform for discussion between Hindustani Classical Music and Carnatic classical musicians .
 Pandit Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande suffered paralysis and a thigh fracture in 1933 .
 Pandit Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande died in 1936 on Ganesh Chaturthi day .
 The Post and Telegraph Department of India paid homage to Bhatkhande by releasing on September 1 , 1961 a commemorative stamp containing Pandit Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande portrait .
Shock Wave Flash is useful to create multimedia presentation .
Bhatkhandes notation , moving cursor and voice track can be synchronized to obtain swf file
Tori Amos is an American pianist , singer-songwriter and composer .
 Mary Ellen Amos is a classically trained musician and possesses a mezzo-soprano vocal range .
 Mary Ellen Amos originally served as the lead singer of 1980s synthpop group Y Kant Tori Read , and as a solo artist was at the forefront of a number of female singer-songwriters in the early 1990s .
 Mary Ellen Amos was also noteworthy early in Mary Ellen Amos solo career as one of the few alternative rock performers to use a piano as Mary Ellen Amos primary instrument .
 Some of Mary Ellen Amos charting singles include Crucify , Silent All These Years , God , Cornflake Girl , Caught a Lite Sneeze , Professional Widow , Spark , 1000 Oceans , and A Sorta Fairytale , Some of her charting singles most commercially successful single in the U.S. to date .
 As of 2005 , Mary Ellen Amos had sold 12 million albums worldwide .
 Mary Ellen Amos has been nominated for several awards , including 8 Grammy Award nominations .
 Mary Ellen Amos is the third child of Rev. Dr. Edison and Mary Ellen Amos .
 Mary Ellen Amos was born at the Old Catawba Hospital in Newton , North Carolina , during a trip from Rev. Dr. Edison and Mary Ellen Amos Georgetown home in Washington , D.C. .
 Mary Ellen Amos maternal grandparents were of mixed European and Eastern Cherokee ancestry ; of particular importance to Mary Ellen Amos as a child was Mary Ellen Amos grandfather , Calvin Clinton Copeland , who was a great source of inspiration and guidance , offering a more pantheistic spiritual alternative to Mary Ellen Amos father and paternal grandmothers traditional Christianity .
 When Mary Ellen Amos was two , Mary Ellen Amos family moved to Baltimore , Maryland , where Mary Ellen Amos began to play the piano .
 By age five , Mary Ellen Amos had begun composing instrumental pieces on piano and , while living in Rockville , Maryland , Mary Ellen Amos won a full scholarship to the Preparatory Division of the Peabody Conservatory of Music .
 Mary Ellen Amos scholarship was discontinued at age 11 and Mary Ellen Amos was asked to leave .
 Mary Ellen Amos has asserted that Mary Ellen Amos lost the scholarship because of Mary Ellen Amos interest in rock and popular music , coupled with Mary Ellen Amos dislike for reading from sheet music .
 In 1972 , the Mary Ellen Amos family moved to Silver Spring , Maryland , where the Amos family father became pastor of the Good Shepherd United Methodist church .
 At the age of 13 the Amos family began playing at gay bars and piano bars , chaperoned by the Amos family father .
 Mary Ellen Amos first came to local notice by winning a county teen talent contest in 1977 , singing a song called More Than Just a Friend .
 As a senior at Richard Montgomery High School , Mary Ellen Amos co-wrote Baltimore with Mary Ellen Amos brother Mike Amos for a competition involving the Baltimore Orioles .
 The song won the contest and became Mary Ellen Amos first single , released as a 7 single pressed locally for family and friends during 1980 with another Amos-penned composition as a B-side , Walking With You .
 Before this Mary Ellen Amos performed under Mary Ellen Amos middle name , Mary Ellen Amos , but permanently adopted Tori after a friends boyfriend told her it suited her .
 At age 21 , Mary Ellen Amos moved to Los Angeles to pursue Mary Ellen Amos music career after several years performing on the piano bar circuit of the Washington , D.C. area .
 In 1986 , Mary Ellen Amos formed a music group , Y Kant Tori Read , the name of which was a reference to Mary Ellen Amos days at the Peabody Conservatory , where Mary Ellen Amos was able to play songs on Mary Ellen Amos piano by ear , but was never successful at sight reading .
 In addition to Mary Ellen Amos , the group was composed of Steve Caton , drummer Matt Sorum , bass player Brad Cobb and , for a short time , keyboardist Jim Tauber .
 Following several phases of writing and recording , during which Mary Ellen Amos has since asserted that the band lost their musical edge and direction due to interference from record executives , in July 1988 , the Y Kant Tori Read s self-titled debut album was released .
 Although its producer , Joe Chiccarelli , has stated that Mary Ellen Amos was very happy with the album at the time , it is now out of print and Mary Ellen Amos has expressed no interest in reissuing it .
 Following the albums commercial failure and the groups subsequent disbanding , Mary Ellen Amos began working with other artists as a backup vocalist .
 Mary Ellen Amos also recorded a song called Distant Storm for the film China OBrien ; in the credits , the song is attributed to a band called Tess Makes Good .
It was the only song recorded by the band , and its only commercial release was in the film .
 Despite the disappointing reaction to Y Kant Tori Read , Mary Ellen Amos still had to comply with the Y Kant Tori Read six-record contract with Atlantic Records , who in 1989 wanted a new record by March 1990 .
 The initial recordings were declined by the label , which Mary Ellen Amos felt was because the album had not been properly presented .
 The album was reworked and expanded under the guidance of Doug Morris and the musical talents of Steve Caton , Eric Rosse , Will MacGregor , Carlo Nuccio , and Dan Nebenzal , resulting in Little Earthquakes , an album recounting Mary Ellen Amos religious upbringing , sexual awakening , struggle to establish Mary Ellen Amos identity , and sexual assault .
 This album became Mary Ellen Amos commercial and artistic breakthrough .
 Mary Ellen Amos traveled to New Mexico with personal and professional partner Eric Rosse in 1993 to write and largely record Mary Ellen Amos second solo record , Under the Pink .
The album was received with mostly favorable reviews and sold enough copies to chart at No. 12 on the Billboard 200 , a significantly higher position than the preceding albums position at No. 54 on the same chart .
 Mary Ellen Amos third solo album , Boys for Pele , was released in January 1996 .
The album was recorded in an Irish church , in Delgany , County Wicklow , with Amos taking advantage of the church recording setting to create an album ripe with baroque influences , lending it a darker sound and style .
 Mary Ellen Amos added harpsichord , harmonium , and clavichord to Mary Ellen Amos keyboard repertoire , and also included such anomalies as a gospel choir , bagpipes , church bells , and drum programming .
The album garnered mixed reviews upon its release , with some critics praising its intensity and uniqueness while others bemoaned its comparative impenetrability .
Despite the albums erratic lyrical content and instrumentation , the latter of which kept it away from mainstream audiences , Boys for Pele is Amoss most successful simultaneous transatlantic release , reaching No. 2 on both the Billboard 200 and the UK Top 40 upon its release at the height of her fame .
 Fueled by the desire to have her own recording studio to distance herself from record company executives , Mary Ellen Amos had the barn of her home in Cornwall converted into a state-of-the-art recording studio , Martian Engineering Studios .
 From the Choirgirl Hotel and To Venus and Back , released in May 1998 and September 1999 , respectively , differ greatly from previous albums as Tori Amoss trademark acoustic piano-based sound is largely replaced with arrangements that include elements of electronica , dance music , vocal washes and sonic landscapes .
 The underlying themes of both albums deal with womanhood , and Tori Amoss own miscarriages and marriage .
 Reviews for From the Choirgirl Hotel were mostly favorable and praised Tori Amoss continued artistic originality .
 While not Tori Amoss highest chart debut , debut sales for From the Choirgirl Hotel are Amoss best to date , selling 153,000 copies in its first week .
 To Venus and Back , a two-disc release of original studio material and live material recorded from the previous world tour , received mostly positive reviews and included the first major-label single available for sale as a digital download .
 Motherhood inspired Mary Ellen Amos to produce a cover album , recording songs written by men about women and reversing the gender roles to show a womans perspective .
 That idea grew into Strange Little Girls , released in September 2001 , one year after giving birth to Mary Ellen Amos daughter .
 The album is Tori Amoss first concept album , with artwork featuring Amos photographed in character of the women portrayed in each song .
 Mary Ellen Amos would later reveal that a stimulus for the album was to end Mary Ellen Amos contract with Atlantic without giving them new original songs ; Mary Ellen Amos felt that since 1998 , the label had not been properly promoting Mary Ellen Amos and had trapped Mary Ellen Amos in a contract by refusing to sell Mary Ellen Amos to another label .
 With Mary Ellen Amos Atlantic contract fulfilled after a 15-year stint , Mary Ellen Amos signed to Epic in late 2001 .
 In October 2002 , Mary Ellen Amos released Scarlets Walk , another concept album .
 Described as a sonic novel , the album explores Tori Amoss alter ego , Scarlet , intertwined with Scarlet cross-country concert tour following 9/11 .
 Through the songs , Mary Ellen Amos explores such topics as the history of America , American people , Native American history , pornography , masochism , homophobia and misogyny .
 The album had a strong debut , demonstrating that Tori Amoss fan base remained intact through the label change .
 However , Scarlets Walk is Tori Amoss last album to date to reach certified gold status from the RIAA .
 Not long after Mary Ellen Amos was ensconced with Mary Ellen Amos new label , Mary Ellen Amos received unsettling news when Polly Anthony resigned as president of Epic Records in 2003 .
 Polly Anthony had been one of the primary reasons Mary Ellen Amos signed with the label and as a result of Mary Ellen Amos resignation , Mary Ellen Amos formed the Bridge Entertainment Group .
 Further trouble for Mary Ellen Amos occurred the following year when Mary Ellen Amos label , Epic/Sony Music Entertainment , merged with BMG Entertainment as a result of the industrys decline .
 Mary Ellen Amos would later hint in interviews that during the creation of Mary Ellen Amos next album , those in charge at the label following the aforementioned merger were interested only in making money , the effects of which on the album have not been disclosed .
 Mary Ellen Amos released two more albums with the label , The Beekeeper and American Doll Posse .
Both albums received mixed reviews , some of which stated that the albums suffered from being too long .
The Beekeeper was conceptually influenced by the ancient art of beekeeping , which she considered a source of female inspiration and empowerment .
 Through extensive study , Mary Ellen Amos also wove in the stories of the Gnostic gospels and the removal of women from a position of power within the Christian church to create an album based largely on religion and politics .
 The album debuted at No. 5 on the Billboard 200 , placing Mary Ellen Amos in an elite group of women who have secured five or more the U.S. Top 10 album debuts .
 While the newly merged label was present throughout the production process of The Beekeeper , Mary Ellen Amos and Mary Ellen Amos crew nearly completed Mary Ellen Amos next project , American Doll Posse , before inviting the label to listen to it .
 American Doll Posse , another concept album , is fashioned around a group of girls who are used as a theme of alter-egos of Tori Amoss .
 Musically and stylistically , the album saw Mary Ellen Amos return to a more confrontational nature .
Like its predecessor , American Doll Posse debuted at No. 5 on the Billboard 200 .
 During American Doll Posse tenure with Epic Records , Tori Amoss also released a retrospective collection titled Tales of a Librarian through American Doll Posse former label , Atlantic Records ; a two-disc DVD set Fade to Red containing most of Tori Amoss solo music videos , released through the Warner Bros. reissue imprint Rhino ; a five disc box set titled , celebrating Tori Amoss 15-year solo career through remastered album tracks , remixes , alternate mixes , demos , and a string of unreleased songs from album recording sessions , also released through Rhino ; and numerous official bootlegs from two world tours , The Original Bootlegs and Legs & Boots through Epic Records .
 In May 2008 , Tori Amoss announced that , due to creative and financial disagreements with Epic Records , Tori Amoss had negotiated an end to Tori Amoss contract with the record label , and would be operating independently of major record labels on future work .
 In September of the same year , Tori Amoss released a live album and DVD , Live at Montreux 1991/1992 , through Eagle Rock Entertainment , of two performances Tori Amoss gave at the Montreux Jazz Festival very early on in Tori Amoss career while promoting Tori Amoss debut solo album , Little Earthquakes .
 By December , after a chance encounter with chairman and CEO of Universal Music Group , Doug Morris , Tori Amoss signed a joint venture deal with Universal Republic Records .
 Abnormally Attracted to Sin , Amoss tenth solo studio album and Sin first album released through Universal Republic , was released in May 2009 to mostly positive reviews .
The album debuted in the top 10 of the Billboard 200 , making it Amoss seventh album to do so .
 Abnormally Attracted to Sin , admitted Tori Amoss , is a personal album , not a conceptual one , with the album exploring themes of power , boundaries , and the subjective view of sin .
 Continuing Sin distribution deal with Universal Republic , Tori Amoss released Midwinter Graces , Sin first seasonal album , in November of the same year .
 The album features reworked versions of traditional carols , as well as original songs written by Tori Amoss .
 During Tori Amoss contract with the label , Tori Amoss recorded vocals for two songs for David Byrnes collaboration album with Fatboy Slim , entitled Here Lies Love , which was released in April 2010 .
In July of the same year , the DVD Tori Amos - Live from the Artists Den was released exclusively through Barnes & Noble .
 After a brief tour from June to September 2010 , Tori Amoss released the highly exclusive live album From Russia With Love in December the same year , recorded live in Moscow on September 3 , 2010 .
 The limited edition set included a signature edition Lomography Diana F + camera , along with 2 lenses , a roll of film and 1 of 5 photographs taken of Tori during her time in Moscow .
The set was released exclusively through toriamos.com and only 2000 copies were produced .
 In September 2011 , Tori Amoss released Tori Amoss first classical music album , Night of Hunters , featuring variations on a theme to pay tribute to such renowned composers as Bach , Chopin , Debussy , Granados , Satie and Schubert , through the Deutsche Grammophon label , a division of Universal Music Group .
 Tori Amoss recorded the album with several musicians , including the Apollon Musagete string quartet .
 To mark the 20th anniversary of her debut album Little Earthquakes , Tori Amoss released an album of songs from her back catalogue re-worked and re-recorded with the Metropole Orchestra .
The album , titled Gold Dust , was released in October 2012 through Deutsche Grammophon .
 On May 1 , 2012 , Tori Amoss announced the formation of Tori Amoss own record label Transmission Galactic , which Tori Amoss intends to use to develop new artists .
One of the first artists signed is singer/songwriter , Lawrence Casey .
 In 2013 , Tori Amoss collaborated with The Bullitts on the track Wait Until Tomorrow from their debut album They Die by Dawn & Other Short Stories .
 Tori Amoss has also stated in an interview that a new album and tour will materialize in 2014 and that it will be a return to contemporary music .
September 2013 saw the launch of Tori Amos much anticipated musical project adaptation , George MacDonald s The Light Princess , along with book writer Samuel Adamson and Marianne Elliott .
 September 2013 premiered at Londons Royal National Theatre and will run until February 2014 .
 The Light Princess and September 2013 lead actress Rosalie Craig were nominated for Best Musical and Best Musical Performance , respectively , at the prestigious Evening Standard Award .
Rosalie Craig won the Best Musical Performance category .
On November 25 , 2013 , it was announced that Tori Amos 14th studio album album is entitled Unrepentant Geraldines .
 The new album will be released in spring 2014 and will be supported by an extensive world tour starting May 7 , 2014 in Dublin and heading across Europe including shows at Londons Royal Albert Hall and dates in Berlin , Paris , Amsterdam , Moscow , Warsaw and other major cities .
 Dates in the the U.S. and the rest of the world will follow later in 2014 and will be confirmed soon .
 According to press release , Unrepentant Geraldines is a return to Mary Ellen Amos core identity as a creator of contemporary songs of exquisite beauty following a series of more classically-inspired and innovative musical projects of the last four years .
 These have included the seasonal collection Midwinter Graces , the classically influenced Night of Hunters , and Gold Dust , a collection of orchestral reworkings of songs from across Mary Ellen Amos career .
 Released in October 2012 2012 Gold Dust included Flavor , which was remixed by the late DJ Peter Rauhofer and peaked at No. 1 on the Billboard Hot Club Dance Chart in February 2013 .
 Fuelled by this array of unique projects and experiences Unrepentant Geraldines is both one further step in the artistic evolution of one of the most successful and influential artists of Mary Ellen Amos generation and a return to the inspiring and personal music that Tori Amoss is known for all around the world .
The new album will be released on Mercury Classics internationally and on Mercury Classics/Universal Music Classics in the US .
 Released in conjunction with The The Beekeeper , Tori Amoss co-authored an autobiography with rock music journalist Ann Powers entitled Piece by Piece .
 The books subject is Tori Amoss interest in mythology and religion , exploring Tori Amoss songwriting process , rise to fame , and Tori Amoss relationship with Atlantic Records .
 Image Comics released Comic Book Tattoo , a collection of comic stories , each based on or inspired by songs recorded by Tori Amoss .
 Editor Rantz Hoseley worked with Tori Amoss to gather 80 different artists for the book , including Pia Guerra , David Mack , and Leah Moore .
 Additionally , Tori Amoss and Tori Amoss music have been the subject of numerous official and unofficial books , as well as academic critique , including Tori Amos : Lyrics and an earlier biography , Tori Amos : All These Years .
 Tori Amos : In the Studio by Jake Brown features an in-depth look at Tori Amoss career , discography and recording process .
 In 2011 Adrienne Trier-Bieniek , a sociology graduate student at Western Michigan University , received Adrienne Trier-Bieniek PhD for a dissertation entitled All the U.S. Am : Defining Music as an Emotional Catalyst through a Sociological Study of Emotions , Gender and Culture .
 Adrienne Trier-Bieniek focused on Tori Amoss female fans and the emotional support Amoss female fans receive from listening to Tori Amoss music .
 Along with Patricia Leavy , Adrienne Trier-Bieniek contributed a chapter to the book The Art of Social Critique which addressed Tori Amoss later albums and songwriting skills .
Sing Us a Song , Piano Woman : Female Fans and the Music of Tori Amos by Adrienne Trier-Bieniek detailed Trier-Bienieks research with women who have used Tori Amoss music as a means to heal from trauma .
 a Song also discusses the feminist themes in Tori Amoss songwriting/persona .
 Early in Tori Amoss songwriting/persona professional career , Tori Amoss befriended author Neil Gaiman , who became a fan after Tori Amoss songwriting/persona referenced him in the song Tear in Your Hand and also in print interviews .
 Although created before the two met , the character Delirium from Gaimans The Sandman series is inspired by Tori Amoss ; Neil Gaiman has stated that they steal shamelessly from each other .
 Gaimans The Sandman wrote the foreword to Neil Gaiman collection ; he in turn wrote the introduction to Comic Book Tattoo .
 Neil Gaiman is godfather to Gaimans The Sandman daughter and a poem written for her birth , Blueberry Girl , was published as a childrens book of the same name in 2009 .
 Tori Amoss married English sound engineer Mark Hawley on February 22 , 1998 .
Their only child , a daughter named Natashya Tash Lorien Hawley , was born on September 5 , 2000 , a few weeks after Toris 37th birthday .
The family divides their time between Sewalls Point in Florida , Kinsale in Ireland , and Cornwall in England .
In June 1994 , Rape , Abuse & Incest National Network , a toll-free help line in the US connecting callers with their local rape crisis center , was founded .
 Tori Amoss made the ceremonial first call to launch the hotline .
 Tori Amoss , Tori Amoss a survivor of sexual assault , became the first national spokesperson for the organization .
 In the summer of 2006 , when RAINN received its one millionth caller , Tori Amoss had been a supporter of the organization for 12 years .
 On August 18 , 2013 a concert in honor of RAINN 50th birthday was held , an event which raised money for RAINN .
 Tori Amoss , who has been performing in bars and clubs from as early as 1976 and under Tori Amoss professional name as early as 1991 has performed more than 1,000 shows since Tori Amoss first world tour in 1992 .
 In 2003 , Tori Amoss was voted fifth best touring act by the readers of Rolling Stone magazine .
 Tori Amoss concerts are notable for the readers of Rolling Stone magazine changing set lists from night to night .
 Tori Amoss was inducted into the North Carolina Music Hall of Fame on October 11 , 2012
The Sounds of India is a 1968 LP album by Hindustani classical musician Ravi Shankar .
 The was digitally remastered and released in CD format by Columbia Records in 1989 .
 Allmusic reviewer Adam Greenberg recommended listening to the album for Shankars amazing abilities but singled out the album for the album for Shankars amazing abilities historic value as a work that introduced Western listeners to Hindustani classical music using short lessons before each performance
Ram Narayan , often referred to with the title Pandit , is an Indian musician who popularised the bowed instrument sarangi as a solo concert instrument in Hindustani classical music and became the first internationally successful sarangi player .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle was born near Udaipur and learned to play the sarangi at an early age .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle studied under sarangi players and singers and , as a teenager , worked as a music teacher and traveling musician .
 All India Radio , Lahore , hired his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle as an accompanist for vocalists in 1944 .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle moved to Delhi following the partition of India in 1947 , but wishing to go beyond accompaniment and frustrated with his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle supporting role , his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle moved to Mumbai in 1949 to work in Indian cinema .
 After an unsuccessful attempt in 1954 , his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle became a concert solo artist in 1956 , and later gave up accompaniment .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle recorded solo albums and began to tour America and Europe in the 1960s .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle taught Indian and foreign students and performed , frequently outside of India in 1947 , into the 2000s .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle was awarded Indias second highest civilian honour , the Padma Vibhushan , in 2005 .
Ram Narayan was born on 25 December 1927 in Amber village , near Udaipur in northwestern India .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle great-great-grandfather , Bagaji Biyavat , was a singer from Amber , and Har Lalji Biyavat and his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle great-grandfather , Sagad Danji Biyavat , sang at the court of the Maharana of Udaipur .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle grandfather , Har Lalji Biyavat , and father , Nathuji Biyavat , were farmers and singers , Har Lalji Biyavat played the bowed instrument dilruba , and his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle mother was a music lover .
 Narayans first language was Rajasthani and Narayans first language learned Hindi and , later , English .
 At an age of about six , Narayans first language found a small sarangi left by the familys Ganga guru , a genealogist , and was taught a fingering technique developed by Narayans first language father .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle father taught Narayans father , but was worried about the difficulty of playing the sarangi and its association with courtesan music , which gave the instrument a low social status .
 After a year , Har Lalji Biyavat sought lessons for Har Lalji Biyavat son from sarangi player Mehboob Khan of Jaipur , but changed Har Lalji Biyavat mind when khyal singer Abdul Wahid Khan told khyal singer Abdul Wahid Khan his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle would have to change his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle fingering technique .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle father later encouraged Narayans father to leave school and devote Narayans father to playing the sarangi .
 At about ten years of age , his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle learned the basics of dhrupad , the oldest genre of Hindustani classical music , by studying and imitating the practice of sarangi player Uday Lal of Udaipur , a student of dhrupad singers Allabande and Zakiruddin Dagar .
 After Uday Lal died of old age , his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle met traveling singer Madhav Prasad , originally of Lucknow , who had performed at the court of Maihar .
 With Madhav Prasad , his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle enacted the ganda bandhan , a traditional ceremony of acceptance between a teacher and Madhav Prasad pupil , in which his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle swore obedience in exchange for being maintained by Madhav Prasad .
 Madhav Prasad served Madhav Prasad and was taught in khyal , the predominate genre of Hindustani classical music , but returned to Udaipur after four years to teach music school .
 Madhav Prasad later visited his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle and convinced Madhav Prasad to resign Madhav Prasad position and dedicate Madhav Prasad time to improvement as a musician , although the idea of giving up a steady life was not well received by his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle family .
 Madhav Prasad stayed with Madhav Prasad and travelled to several Indian states until Madhav Prasad fell ill and advised Madhav Prasad to learn from singer Abdul Wahid Khan in Lahore .
 Following Prasads death in Lucknow , his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle enacted the ganda bandhan with another teacher who gave his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle lessons , but soon left for Lahore and never performed the ritual again .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle travelled to Lahore in 1943 and auditioned for the local All India Radio station as a singer , but the stations music producer , Jivan Lal Mattoo , noticed grooves in his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle fingernails : sarangis are played by pressing the fingernails sideways against three playing strings , which strains the nails .
 Jivan Lal Mattoo instead employed his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle as a sarangi player .
Traditionally , the sarangi is supposed to play after the singer and imitate the vocal performance , and play in the space between phrases .
 Jivan Lal Mattoo advised his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle and helped Jivan Lal Mattoo contact khyal singer Abdul Wahid Khan , a rigorous teacher under whom his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle learned four ragas through singing lessons .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle was allowed sporadic solo performances on AIR and began to consider a solo career .
 After the partition of India in 1947 , his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle moved to Delhi and played at the local AIR station .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle work for popular singers increased his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle repertoire and knowledge of styles .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle played with the classical singers Omkarnath Thakur , Bade Ghulam Ali Khan , Hirabai Badodekar , and Krishnarao Shankar Pandit , and his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle accompanied singer Amir Khan in 1948 , when khyal singer Abdul Wahid Khan sang for the first time at AIR Delhi following the partition .
 As an accompanist for vocalists , his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle showed his own talent and came to the foreground .
Singers of the city complained that he was not a dependable accompanist and too assertive , but he maintained he wanted to keep vocalists in tune and inspire them in a cordial contest .
 Other tabla players and singers , including Omkarnath Thakur and Krishnarao Shankar Pandit , expressed admiration for his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle playing .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle became frustrated with his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle supporting role for vocalists and moved to Mumbai in 1949 to work independently in film music and recording .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle recorded three solo 78 rpm gramophone records for the British HMV Group in 1950 and an early ten-inch LP album in Mumbai in 1951 , but the album was not in demand .
 The Mumbai film industry offered a good salary and obscurity for work that would have lowered his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle stature among classical musicians .
 For the next 15 years his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle played and composed songs for films , including Adalat , Gunga Jumna , Humdard , Kashmir Ki Kali , Milan , Mughal-e-Azam , and Noorjehan .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle was considered a desired choice of film music director O. P. Nayyar .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle performed in Afghanistan in 1952 and in China in 1954 and was well received in both countries .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle first solo concert at a 1954 music festival in the Cowasji Jehangir Hall , Mumbai , was cut short when an impatient audience , waiting for performances by famous artists , drove his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle from the stage .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle pondered giving up the sarangi and becoming a singer .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle later regained confidence , performed solo for smaller crowds , and was favourably received in his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle second attempt to play solo for a Mumbai music festival in 1956 .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle has since performed at the major music festivals of India in 1947 .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle later gave up accompaniment ; this decision carried a financial risk because interest in solo sarangi was not yet substantial .
 After sitar player Ravi Shankar successfully performed in Western countries , his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle followed his example .
 He recorded solo albums and made his first international tour in 1964 to America and Europe with his older brother Chatur Lal , a tabla player who had toured with Shankar in the 1950s .
The European tour included performances in France , Germany , sponsored by the Goethe-Institut , and at the City of London Festival , England .
 Beginning in the 1960s , his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle often taught and gave concerts outside of India in 1947 .
 On his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle Western tours his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle encountered interest in the sarangi because of Western similarity to cello and violin .
 The tabla player Suresh Talwalkar became a frequent accompanist for his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle in the late 1960s .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle continued to perform and record in India in 1947 and abroad for the next decades and his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle recordings appeared on Indian , American , and European labels .
 During the early 1980s his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle typically spent months each year visiting Western nations .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle performed less frequently in the 2000s and rarely in the 2010s .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle style is characteristic of Hindustani classical music , but his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle choice of solo instrument and his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle background of learning from teachers outside his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle community are not common for the genre .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle has stated that his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle aims to please the audience and create a feeling of harmony , and expects the audience to reciprocate by reacting to his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle playing .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle performances are strung together from the meditative and measured alap and jor in dhrupad style , followed by a faster and less reserved gat section in khyal style .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle experimented with a style of jhala developed by Bundu Khan , but considered a style of jhala developed by Bundu Khan more appropriate for plucked instruments and stopped performing a style of jhala developed by Bundu Khan .
The gat section includes one or two parts with compositions .
When two gats are used , the first one tends to be at a slow or medium tempo , and the second one is faster ; the gats are usually performed in the 16-beat rhythmic cycle tintal .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle often completes performances with ragas associated with thumri , which are referred to as mishra because they allow for additional notes , or with a dhun .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle practices and teaches using a limited number of paltas , exercises in a small scale range that are used to prepare playing different numbers of notes per bow .
Derived from paltas are lengthy note patterns called tans , which contain characteristic melodic shapes and are used by Narayan for fast playing .
 Narayan for fast playing uses Narayan for fast playing left hand for runs and to play an extended melodic range , and Narayan for fast playing right hand for rhythmic accentuations .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle fingering technique , his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle low right hand position , keeping the bow in a close to right angle to the string , and his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle use of the full bow length are unusual among sarangi players .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle is associated with the Kirana gharana through Abdul Wahid Khan , but his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle performance style is not strongly connected to it .
 Most of his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle compositions are from the singing repertoire of his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle teachers and were modified and adapted to the sarangi .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle has created original compositions and in performance varies those his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle was taught .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle disfavors the creation of new ragas , but developed compound ragas , including those of Nand with Kedar and Kafi with Malhar .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle uses a sarangi obtained from Uday Lal and built in Meerut in the 1920s or 1930s in his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle concerts and recordings .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle plays on foreign harp strings to produce a clearer tone .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle experimented with modifications to his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle instrument and added a fourth string , but removed it because it hindered playing .
 In the 1940s , his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle exchanged gut with steel for the first string and found it easier to play , but reverted to using only gut strings because the steel string altered the sound .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle increased the status of the sarangi to that of a modern concert solo instrument , made it known outside of India in 1947 , and was the first sarangi player with international success , an example later followed by Sultan Khan .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle simplified fingering technique allows for glide and affected the modern sarangi concert style , as aspects of his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle playing and tone creation were taken up by sarangi players from his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle recordings .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle taught at the American Society for Eastern Arts and the National Centre for the Performing Arts in Mumbai in the 1970s and 1980s , where his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle gave the first master class for sarangi .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle privately trained sarangi players , including his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle , his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle grandson Harsh Narayan , and Vasanti Srikhande .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle also taught sarod players , including his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle son Brij Narayan , as well as vocalists and a violinist .
 In 2002 , his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle taught 15 Indian students and more than 500 students in the United States and Europe had studied with his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle .
 Indian music in performance : a practical introduction , released in 1980 by Neil Sorrell in cooperation with his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle , was described as one of the best presentations on modern North Indian music practice by Hans Neuhoff in Musik in Geschichte und Gegenwart .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle argued that appreciation of the sarangi and his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle came only after acknowledgment by the Western audience .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle attributed the lack of sarangi students to a lack of competent teachers and said that the Indian government should assist in preserving the instrument .
 The Pt Ram Narayan Foundation in Mumbai awards scholarships to sarangi students , but his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle stated his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle was skeptical the sarangi would survive .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle received the national awards Padma Shri in 1976 , Padma Bhushan in 1991 , and Padma Vibhushan in 2005 .
The Padma Vibhushan , Indias second highest civilian honor , was presented by Indian President A. P. J. Abdul Kalam .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle was awarded the Rajasthan Sangeet Natak Akademi Award for 1974-75 , the national Sangeet Natak Akademi Award for 1975 , and was made a fellow of the Rajasthan Sangeet Natak Akademi for 1988-89 .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle received the Kalidas Samman from the Government of Madhya Pradesh for 1991-92 and was presented with the Aditya Vikram Birla Kalashikhar Puraskar in 1999 by P. C. Alexander , governor of Maharashtra .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle also received the Maharashtra Gaurav Puraskar , the Shiromani Award , the Rajasthan Welfare Association Award , and in 2013 the Rajasthan Ratna .
 The biographical film Pandit Ramnarayan - Sarangi Ke Sang was shown at the 2007 International Film Festival of India in 1947 .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle shared a close relationship with his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle older brother , Chatur Lal , who learned the tabla primarily to accompany his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle brothers sarangi playing .
 Lal studied under tabla teachers in his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle youth , but later turned to farming .
 Lal visited Narayan 1948 in Delhi after his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle had become a professional sarangi player , and his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle convinced Lal to work as a tabla player at the local AIR station .
 Lal became an acclaimed musician , toured with instrumentalists Ravi Shankar and Ali Akbar Khan in the 1950s , and helped popularize the tabla in Western countries .
 When Lal died in October 1965 , his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle had difficulty performing and struggled with alcoholism , but overcame the addiction after two years .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle assisted his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle brothers four children after their fathers death .
 Chatur Lals son , Charanjit Lal Biyavat , is a tabla player and has toured Europe with his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle wife Sheela , a homemaker , came to Mumbai in the 1950s and they had four children .
 Sheela died prior to 2001 .
 Narayans wife Sheela oldest son , sarod player Brij Narayan , was born on 25 April 1952 in Udaipur , and his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle daughter Aruna Narayan was born in 1959 in Mumbai .
 Sheela was the first woman to give a solo sarangi concert and immigrated to Canada in 1984 .
 Another son , Shiv , who is a year younger than his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle , has learned to play the tabla , and toured Australia with Shiv father .
Brij Narayans son , Harsh Narayan , plays the sarangi .
 In 2009 , his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle performed at BBC s The Proms in the Royal Albert Hall , London , with his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle , and Albert Hall played at the 2010 Sawai Gandharva Music Festival , Pune , with Harsh .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle is a Hindu and has stated music is my religion , arguing that there was no better access to divinity than music .
 his daughter Aruna Narayan Kalle is based in Mumbai
Collin Walcott was a North American musician .
 Collin Walcott was a student of Ravi Shankar and Vasant Rai .
 Collin Walcott expanded the role of the sitar in western music .
 Collin Walcott studied music and ethnomusicology at Indiana University in Bloomington , Indiana , and at The University of California at Los Angeles .
 Though best remembered for Collin Walcott tabla and sitar playing , Collin Walcott played many musical instruments , including trap drums , clarinet , violin , guitar , piano , percussion , marimbas , and a kalimba he fashioned himself from a gas can .
 Collin Walcott was a member of the Paul Winter Consort and the groups Oregon and Codona .
 In 1981 Collin Walcott performed at the Woodstock Jazz Festival , held in celebration of the tenth anniversary of the Creative Music Studio .
 Collin Walcott was killed in an automobile accident in East Germany during a 1984 Oregon concert tour
Milind Date is an Indian flutist and music composer who plays the bansuri .
 Milind Date studied under Hariprasad Chaurasia and is known for Milind Date blowing technique and Milind Date playing of a variety of musical styles .
 At the age of 21 , Date started learning flute from Ajit Soman in Milind Date hometown Pune .
 In a year , Ajit Soman in his hometown Pune was learning from Hariprasad Chaurasia .
 By the time Ajit Soman in his hometown Pune was 25 , Date had already performed with Hridaynath Mangeshkar , Asha Bhosle , Usha Mangeshkar , Yashwant Deo , Suresh Wadkar , Ghulam Ali , Trilok Gurtu and others .
In 1998 , Date started a world Music band - Fusion Ensemble .
Date performed over 2000 Indian classical , fusion and world music concerts .
 In 2002 , Date began to perform extensively in South Korea and gained recognition for Ajit Soman in his hometown Pune collaborations with musicians like Beik in Young , Lim dong Chan won Sik , Park je Chun , Mi Yeon , Lim dong Chan , Lee Ki Hwa , Park Chi Um , and others .
 Date is part of Orientillica - the World Music Ensemble and recorded several albums released in South Korea .
 Milind Date performed different styles of music such as Indian classical music , Indian folk music , Devotional Music , Jazz , Arabic , World Music , Rock , Fusion or World Music , and Free Music .
 Milind Date experimented with several music and dance forms through Milind Date performances and recordings .
 Date produced and composed an album called The Earth Concerto with musicians like Beik in Young from Iran , Iraq , South Korea , Israel , Morocco and India .
Date produced the mainstream American pop music album Fantasy for the New York based singer , Angeli .
Prayer from the Heart , a meditation album , was released by Polyglobe Music Austria .
 For this album Milind Date has collaborated with Tanmayo , a Scottish singer and violinist , and Shubhangi Gokhale-Joshi , an Indian singer .
 In 2010 produced Milind Date first ever album of devotional Marathi songs Krishna Gaan .
Singers like Suresh Wadkar and Shubhangi Gokhale-Joshi have sung the songs .
This album went into private circulations and thousands of copies have been distributed free by many .
 At Fusion Ensemble performances , Milind Date performs with Derek Julien on Guitar , Roger Dragonnette on Bass , Uday Deshpande on Tabla and Sanjay Jack Barde / Sanjeev Pandkar on Drums and percussion .
 Date has recently launched At Fusion Ensemble another live production Milind Date Experience and has been touring with it for last two seasons .
Already performed more than 100 concerts , this group shall be touring abroad soon .
 After Fusion Ensemble Date went in Keyboards sound more than the previous Guitar sound for At Fusion Ensemble live performances .
A keyboardist , a Tabla player who also plays Khanjira and some oher Indian percussion instruments and another percussionist who plays western and latin percussions is the touring set of total 4 musicians .
 Khanjira and some oher have traveled extensively in India in about 500 concerts in last 3 years .
Currently Date is on his round the world tour .
After USA now he is performing in South Korea .
 his 11th performance tour to South Korea is his 11th performance tour to South Korea
 Ustad Bahadur Khan , a Bengali , was born in January 19 , 1931 in Shibpur , Comilla , Radio Bangladesh , , and died in October 3 , 1989 in Calcutta , India .
 sitar player Kirit Khan was the son of famous Indian classical musician Ustad Ayet Ali Khan , nephew of the Sarode legend Ustad Alauddin Khan , cousin of Sarode player Ustad Ali Akbar Khan player Ustad Ali Akbar Khan and Surbahar player Shrimati Annapurna Devi , and former cousin-in-law of Sitar legend Pandit Ravi Shankar .
 Ustad Bahadur Khan learnt playing Sarode player Ustad Ali Akbar Khan initially from Sarode player Ustad Ali Akbar Khan father Ustad Ayet Ali Khan in Radio Bangladesh , and then from sitar player Kirit Khan uncle Ustad Alauddin Khan in Maihar , before sitar player Kirit Khan finally settled in Calcutta .
 sitar player Kirit Khan also practiced vocal music and earned many gold medals for sitar player Kirit Khan performances .
 sitar player Kirit Khan was later guided in Sarode player Ustad Ali Akbar Khan by sitar player Kirit Khan senior cousins Ustad Ali Akbar Khan and Shrimati Annapurna Devi for long time .
Ustad Bahadur Khan was one of the three celebrated musician sons of the great maestro Ustad Ayet Ali Khan .
 sitar player Kirit Khan two other brothers , Ustad Abed Hossain Khan and Ustad Mobarak Hossain Khan were famous Sarode player Ustad Ali Akbar Khan and Sitar maestros based in Radio Bangladesh , and were the highest civilian honour recipients from the Government of Bangladesh for His two other brothers contributions to classical music .
 Bahadur Khan is also the father of sitar player Kirit Khan who was arrested and convicted in 2005 for taking money from musicians in the pretext of enhancing His two other brothers career by arranging a tour to the United States and Europe .
 However instead of planning an actual tour Kirit pocketed the money given to an actual tour Kirit and when asked for refunds , responded by threats , finally several musicians filed a police complaint and an actual tour Kirit went to jail .
 an actual tour Kirit died in 2006 .
 The interest in Ustad Bahadur Khan resurfaced due to the success of sitar player Kirit Khan very highly talented and much recorded student Tejendra Narayan Majumdar .
 sitar player Kirit Khan elder son Bidyut Khan is however still carrying his fathers legacy and spreading his style of playing sarod worldwide .
He visited Norway , Denmark , Italy , Sweden , Germany , Holland etc.in 2002 to perform in various Indian Classical Music Conferences and Concerts .
 He was also a part-time lecturer in Indian Classical Instrumental Music at Rabindra Bharati University in Calcutta .
In 1989 he also participated in the prestigious Dover Lane Music Conference .
Participants in this conference include many luminaries of the Indian Classical Music .
l. His special contribution to Indian classical music , that he could wonderfully combine folk music elements with that of the classical music , made a unique niche for himself among fellow musicians .
Ustad Bahadur Khan was a regular performer at the All India Radio , Radio Pakistan , and Radio Bangladesh .
 sitar player Kirit Khan composed and directed music for many films of the legendary Indian filmmaker Ritwik Ghatak .
 sitar player Kirit Khan received the best music director award for Ritwik Ghataks film Subarnarekha .
 Other films that brought out sitar player Kirit Khan musical virtuosity into celluloid were Meghe Dhaka Tara , Komal Gandhar , Jukti Takko Aar Gappo , Titash Ekti Nadir Naam , Nagarik , Shwet Mayur , Yekhane Dariye , Trisandhyay , Notun Pata , Garam Hawa , and Ajantrik to name a few .
 sitar player Kirit Khan also directed music on documentaries on Nobel laureate poet Rabindranath Tagore and painter Jamini Roy , and was also a highly esteemed figure in the Indian film-music industries of Bombay and Calcutta .
 Ustad Bahadur Khan was reputed teacher , and a faculty member for six months at the Ali Akbar College of Music , in California , USA , where sitar player Kirit Khan taught Indian classical music .
 sitar player Kirit Khan eminent disciples include Bidyut Khan , Shahadat Hossain Khan , Tejendranarayan Majumdar , Kalyan Mukherjee , and -LSB- http://www.monojshankar.com/ Monoj Shankar .
 All of them are acclaimed classical musicians who spread through His eminent disciples music the legacies of Ustad Bahadur Khan .
 Shahadat Hossain Khan has been awarded the Ekushey Padak , Bangladeshs highest civilian honour , for Shahadat Hossain Khan contribution to classical music , in 1994 .
 Every year , a one-day music festival takes place commemorating the death anniversary of the Ustad in Calcutta , India ; whereas in Radio Bangladesh , his legacies are being spread among classical musicians by his followers through the Ustad Ayet Ali Khan Sangeet Niketon , a music school in memory of Ustad Bahadur Khans father the late Ustad Ayet Ali Khan , at their native village Shibpur
Gulubhai Jasdanwalla was a Hindustani Classical vocalist of the Jaipur-Atrauli Gharana and one of the foremost disciples of Gharana founder Utd .
Alladiya Khan .
From a Parsi entrepreneurial family , Gulubhai Jasdanwalla was a race horse breeder and a collector of Raags and compositions signature of the Jaipur-Atrauli Gharana .
 a Parsi entrepreneurial family was a successful importer-exporter in Mumbai .
Utd .
 Manji Khan taught a Parsi entrepreneurial family the Jaipur-Atrauli Gayaki until a Parsi entrepreneurial family death in 1937 , at which point a Parsi entrepreneurial family father Utd .
Alladiya Khan continued .
 Because of Alladiya Khan . financial success , Gulubhai Jasdanwalla was able to dedicate ample time for music and became a skilled musician .
Gulubhai Jasdanwalla produced many successful disciples , including Baba Azizuddin Khan , Smt .
 Shruti Sadolikar , and Gulubhai Jasdanwalla foremost being Pt .
Ratnakar Pai .
Recordings of Gulubhai Jasdanwallas private performances have been kept by friends and colleagues
Ka Karoon Sajni Aye Na Baalam is a classical song of Hindustani classical music .
It is a Thumri sung in the raaga , Sindh Bhairavi Thumri .
It was popularised by legnedary Hindustani vocalist , Bade Ghulam Ali Khan , Barkat Ali Khan , Bismillah Khan on shehnai , Pandit Ajoy Chakrabarty etc. .
It was part of the Hindi film , Swami , sung by Yesudas under the music direction of Rajesh Roshan .
 Yesudas was also nominated for the 1978 Filmfare Award for Best Male Playback Singer for the song
Ustad Sakhawat Hussain Khan or Sakhawat Hussain was a virtuoso Indian sarod player , a contemporary of Hafiz Ali Khan and one of the major exponents of the instrument in the 20th century .
Sakhawat Hussain was the descendant of Bangash Pathans , who had originally come from Afghanistan to perform military service for the Mughal court in the early 18th century .
 Sakhawat Hussain Khan began musical training under Sakhawat Hussain Khan father , Ustad Shafayet Khan , but after marrying the daughter of the famous sarodiya Asadullah Kaukab Khan became a formal follower of the Lucknow - Bulandshahr sarod gharana .
This tradition had roots in Afghan rubab playing and was heavily influenced by the dhrupad vocal genre .
 From 1926 , Sakhawat Hussain Khan became Professor of Sarod at the Bhatkhande Music Institute after Sakhawat Hussain Khan performances impressed Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande .
 Sakhawat Hussain Khan played for a time in the orchestra of Leila Sokhey , who founded the Menaka Indian Ballet Company .
 Sakhawat Hussain Khan toured Europe with Menaka in the period 1935-8 and gave many recitals .
 Sakhawat Hussain Khan was also responsible for identifying the talent of singer Begum Akhtar and encouraging Begum Akhtar early training .
 Sakhawat Hussain Khan continued teaching at the Bhatkhande Institute until Sakhawat Hussain Khan death in 1955 .
Sakhawat Hussains 1920s recordings are among the very few that survive of sarodiyas in that period , and demonstrate both a strong influence of the tarana structure and a particular emphasis on right-hand technique , common to players of the Lucknow-Bulandshahr gharana , which appears to be derived from rubab traditions
Padma Talwalkar is an Indian classical vocalist .
Padma Talwalkar was born in Mumbai , India .
 Padma Talwalkar received training in Khyal gayaki in three main styles or gharanas : Gwalior , Kirana and Jaipur .
Padma Talwalkar is married to well known tabla maestro Pt .
Suresh Talwalkar .
 Khyal gayaki son Satyajit Talwalkar and daughter Savani Talwalkar are also tabla players
Shujaat Husain Khan is an Indian musician and sitar player of the Imdadkhani gharana .
He has recorded over 60 albums and was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best World Music Album for his work with the band Ghazal with Iranian musician Kayhan Kalhor .
He also sings frequently .
His style of sitar playing , known as gayaki ang , aims to imitate the human voice .
Born in Calcutta , Shujaat Khan is the son of legendary sitar player Ustad Vilayat Khan .
 He has musical pedigree that goes back seven generations : his grandfather , Ustad Enayat Khan ; his great-grandfather , Ustad Imdad Khan ; and his great-great-grandfather , Ustad Sahebdad Khan - all leading artists and torchbearers of the Imdadkhani gharana with its roots in Mymensingh .
He has a brother , sitarist Hidayat Khan and sisters sufi singer , Zila Khan and Yaman Khan .
Shujaat Husain Khan has performed at numerous music festivals in India and has traveled around the world performing in Asia , Africa , North America and Europe .
His approach to rhythm is largely intuitive , fresh and spontaneous , always astonishing his audiences .
He is also known for his exceptional voice , which he uses for singing folk songs , including the album Lajo Lajo , as well as poetry , as in Hazaron Khwaishen .
 Shujaat Khan was featured in the concerts celebrating India s 60th anniversary of independence in 2007 , and performed at the Carnegie Hall , New York , Paramount Theater , Seattle , and Meyers Symphony Theater , Dallas .
 In a special performance , he also played at the United Nations in the Assembly the Carnegie Hall , Geneva .
His memorable appearances include performance at the Royal Albert Hall in London , Royce Hall in Los Angeles and Congress Hall in Berlin .
In the summer of 1999 , he was the featured soloist with the Edmonton Symphony Orchestra .
His collaboration with different genres of music has been a very strong point as is evidenced by the enormously successful Indo-Persian venture , the Ghazal Ensemble .
Their album , Rain , was nominated for a Grammy award in 2004 .
In January 2000 , the Boston Herald listed Shujaat Khan , along with luminaries like Seiji Ozawa and Luciano Pavarotti among the top 25 upcoming cultural events for the year .
 He has been invited as visiting faculty at the Dartington School of Music in England , the University of Washington in Seattle , and at UCLA .
He is also known as a fearless collaborator , lately having done wide ranging concerts with artists as diverse as Karsh Kale to a successful Jugalbandi with pioneer Hindustani vocalist Ustad Rashid Khan .
One of the best remembered collaborations of the year 2009-2010 happens to be Melange .
 Featuring Tim Ries on the saxophone , Kevin Hays on the piano , Karsh Kale on percussion , Katayoun Goudarzi on vocals , Ustaad Shujaat Khan on sitar , Karl Peters on bass and Yogesh Samsi on tabla , Melange has toured extensively across India .
Ustad Shujaat Khan has recently tied up with Inroom Records , a Mumbai-based experimental / fusion label and artist management company , to handle his collaborative work .
Shujaat Khan has over 100 musical releases on a variety of international labels ; and a video called Khandan
 Sabrang Utsav is an Indian classical music festival , started by Malti Gilani in memory of Sabrang Utsav teacher Bade Ghulam Ali Khan .
The festival has been held every year since 1968 .
It is now a single day event that takes place in the winter months in Delhi under the aegis of the Bade Ghulam Ali Khan Yaadgar Sabha and typically boasts of two recitals
Maestro Kala Ramnath , is an Indian classical violinist .
 Maestro Kala Ramnath belongs to the Mewati gharana .
 Maestro Kala Ramnath was awarded the Rashtriya Kumar Gandharva Sanman in 2008 and the Pandit Jasraj Gaurav Puraskar in 1999 .
Kala Ramnath is the first child of Malathy and T.N. Mani in Chennai , India .
Ramnath was born into a family of prodigious musical talent , which has given Indian music such violin legends as T.N. Krishnan and N. Rajam .
 Her father , T.N. Mani was a musician , well-known for T.N. Mani in Chennai , India contributions to Indian film music .
At the age of two and a half , Ramnath was initiated into violin and vocal training by her grandfather , Vidwan Narayan Iyer .
She represents the beginning of the seventh generation of violinists in her family .
It has been said that her grandfather bribed her to practice by offering her sweets and candy .
She started performing from the age of 14 when her aunt presented her in concert .
 Ustad Zakir Hussain is noted complimenting Ustad Zakir Hussain for playing just like Ustad Zakir Hussain aunt Dr. N. Rajam , but asked who would like to listen to a copy when the original is still around .
 This irked young Ramnath , who was interested in leaving Ustad Zakir Hussain mark in the musical world .
 For fifteen years Ustad Zakir Hussain studied with the Mewati vocal maestro , Pandit Jasraj .
 This has brought a rare vocal emotionalism to Ustad Zakir Hussain art .
 Ustad Zakir Hussain violin playing is characterized by an immaculate bowing and fingering technique , command over laya , richness and clarity in sur .
 Ustad Zakir Hussain has revolutionized the technique of playing the violin by taking this instrument so close to vocal music that today Ustad Zakir Hussain violin is called The Singing Violin .
 Kala has performed at all the major music festivals in Chennai , India , as well as the most prestigious stages throughout the world , including the Sydney Opera House , London 's Queen Elizabeth Hall and New York 's Carnegie Hall to name a few .
 Due to Kala rigorous training in the classical tradition Kala comfortably forges musical alliances with artists of renown from different genres around the globe incorporating elements of Western Classical , Jazz , Flamenco and traditional African music into Kala rich and varied repertoire .
 Kala is a sought after artist to work and experiment with orchestras like the London Symphony and London Philharmonic and world music legends like Ustad Zakir Hussain , Kai Eckhart , Edgar Meyer , Bela Fleck , Terry Bozzio , Abbos Kossimov , Ayrto Moriera , Giovanni Hidalgo and rock legend Ray Manzarek of the Doors to name a few .
 ` Raga Afrika ' , ` Global Conversation ' and recently ` Elements ' are all bands Kala has founded along with her fellow world music artists .
 Kala regularly lectures and conducts workshops all around the world .
A few worth mention here are the Rotterdam Conservatory of Music in Netherlands , University of Giessen in Germany and the Weill Institute in association with the Carnegie Hall in New York .
 Kala is keen to enrich the lives of under-privileged and sick children through music in the form of Kala foundation , ` Kalashree ' .
 Kala also has been involved in the background score of the Hollywood films , notable among them being Blood Diamond working with composers like James Newton Howard and George Acogny
Sureshbabu Mane was a prominent Hindustani classical music singer of Kirana Gharana in India .
 Sureshbabu Mane was the son of a doyen of Kirana Gharana , Ustad Abdul Karim Khan .
 the name Sureshbabu was born as Abdul Rehman to Kirana Gharana master Ustad Abdul Karim Khan and Tarabai Mane .
Tarabai was the daughter of Sardar Maruti Rao Mane , a brother of princely Baroda State s Rajmata during the middle of the 19th century .
 Ustad Abdul Karim Khan was the court musician in Baroda when Tarabai was young , and he taught Tarabai music .
 The two fell in love and decided to get married ; but Tarabai parents disapproved of the alliance , and the couple had to leave the state , and had The two sons : the name Sureshbabu or Abdul Rehman , and Krishna ; and three daughters : Champakali , Gulab , and Sakina or Chhotutai .
 In Tarabais parents adult lives , the five respectively became known as Sureshbabu Mane , Krishnarao Mane , Hirabai Badodekar , Kamalabai Badodekar , and Saraswati Rane .
 the name Sureshbabu had the name Sureshbabu initial training from the name Sureshbabu father , and later training from the doyen of Kirana Gharana , Ustad Abdul Wahid Khan .
 Along with performing in concerts the name Sureshbabu also have performed in several Marathi plays , and movies .
Though not an accomplished actor , he acted in stage plays in the theatrical company formed by his younger sister Hirabai Barodekar .
He appeared in plays like Sanyasa-kallol in the role of Ashwin Sheth and Subhadra , where played the lead of Arjun .
Later he acted in a few films like Amrit Manthan , Chandrasena , Rajput Ramani by Prabhat Films and composed music for Devyani and Such Hai by Saraswati Cinetone .
He also played instruments like tabla and harmonium .
Artists like Pandit Bhimsen Joshi , Dr. Vasantrao Deshpande were influenced by Sureshbabus music .
Few of Sureshbabus recordings are available today .
 the name Sureshbabu was an exceptionally expert in Khyal , Thumri , Marathi Natya Sangeet , and Bhajan .
 the name Sureshbabu singing was intelligent , tuneful , aesthetically rich , tender and balanced .
 the name Sureshbabu disciple and legendary Hindustani classical singer Dr. Prabha Atre written in her book Along Path of Music that , His disciple music came through intuition , imagination and will power ; not through hard labour .
 His disciple sweet tone was the life of His disciple singing .
 Deep yet delicate , Deep yet delicate felt like a feather stroking the skin .
 His disciple phrases were always rounded with neatly drawn curves and were laced with aesthetic embroidery through kan and khatkas .
 His disciple singing appeared to be very simple and easy , yet it was extremely difficult to imitate .
 His disciple sang intricate phrases with such ease that one would seldom notice their complexity .
 His disciple use to say sing in such a way that after concert , your music eludes the memory of your audience .
 They should just be filled with the aura of the concert that lingers on His disciple was one of the few musicians in Maharashtra of that period who was drawn to the Punjabi-style of Thumri singing .
 His disciple thumri singing was legendary and many artists have taken inspiration from His thumri singing .
 Hirabai Badodekar and Dr. Prabha Atre , The two well-known classical music singers were among His disciple important disciples .
 Dr. Vasantrao Deshpande , Pandit Bhimsen joshi , Manik Varma , Saraswati Rane , Vamanrao Deshpande , Basavaraj Rajguru , Balasaheb Atre , Vitthalrao Sardeshmukh and Menaka Shirodkar also received guidance from the name Sureshbabu .
 An annual music festival is held in Mumbai by Dr. Vasantrao Deshpande disciple Dr Prabha Atre by the name Sureshbabu - Hirabai Smruti Sangeet Samaroh since 1992 , which becomes one of the major festival of music in the country
Suresh Talwalkar is an Indian musician who plays the percussion instrument tabla .
 classical singer Padma Talwalkar was born 1948 in Mumbai and initially learned playing the tabla from classical singer Padma Talwalkar father Dattatrey Talwalkar .
 classical singer Padma Talwalkar trained under tabla players Pandharinath Nageshkar and Vinayakrao Ghangrekar , and studied the rhythm theory of Carnatic music and Hindustani classical singing .
 classical singer Padma Talwalkar style draws from several gharanas and classical singer Padma Talwalkar accompanied classical musicians and dancers ; classical singer Padma Talwalkar frequently performed with sarangi player Ram Narayan since the late 1960s , accompanied classical singer Ulhas Kashalkar , and has toured in the United States , Europe , and Africa .
 classical singer Padma Talwalkar taught tabla players , including Vijay Ghate , and Western drummers .
 classical singer Padma Talwalkar was awarded the All India Radio Award in 1966 and the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award for 2004 .
 classical singer Padma Talwalkar is married to classical singer Padma Talwalkar and they have a daughter , tabla player Savani , and a son , Mumbai businessman and tabla player Satyajit
Lowell Thomas George was an American songwriter , multi-instrumentalist , and producer , who was the primary guitarist , vocalist , and songwriter for the rock band Little Feat .
Lowell George was born in Hollywood , California , the son of Willard H. George , a furrier who raised chinchillas and supplied furs to the movie studios .
Georges first instrument was the harmonica .
 At the age of 6 Georges first instrument appeared on Ted Macks Original Amateur Hour performing a duet with Georges first instrument older brother , Hampton .
 As a student at Hollywood High School , a student at Hollywood High School took up the flute in the school marching band and orchestra .
 a student at Hollywood High School had already started to play Hamptons acoustic guitar at age 11 , progressed to the electric guitar by a student at Hollywood High School high school years , and later learned to play the saxophone , shakuhachi and sitar .
During this period , George viewed the teen idol - oriented rock and roll of the era in a contemptuous light , instead favoring West Coast jazz and the soul jazz of Les McCann & Mose Allison .
Following graduation in 1963 , he briefly worked at a gas station to support himself while studying art and art history at Los Angeles Valley College for two years .
 Initially funded by the sale of his grandfathers stock , Georges first instrument first band formed in 1965 and released at least one single on the Uni label , Smile , Let Your Life Begin .
Members included future Little Feat drummer Richie Hayward , Martin Kibbee who would later co-write several Little Feat songs with George , and Warren Klein on guitar .
 Frank Zappa produced two tracks for the band , but Members werent released until 1993 on the album Lightning-Rod Man , billed as Lowell George and The Factory .
The band made an appearance on the 1960s sitcom F Troop as The Bed Bugs .
 Members were also featured in an episode of Gomer Pyle , U.S.M.C. , Lost , the Colonels Daughter .
 Although not visible in the scene inside the A Go-Go club , Members music can be heard playing loudly .
 Members received credits at the end of the episode as The Factory Lowell-Warren-Martin-Rich , Courtesy of Universal Records .
Following the disbanding of The Factory , George briefly joined The Standells .
In November 1968 , George joined Zappas Mothers of Invention as rhythm guitarist and nominal lead vocalist ; he can be heard on both Weasels Ripped My Flesh and the first disc of You Cant Do That on Stage Anymore , Vol .
5 .
During this period , he would absorb Zappas autocratic leadership style and avant garde - influenced conceptual/procedural-oriented compositional methods .
He earned his first production credit on Permanent Damage , an album recorded by groupie group The GTOs .
George later asserted that he performed no real function in the band and left the group in May 1969 under nebulous circumstances .
 The GTOs member Pamela Des Barres has claimed that George was fired by the abstemious Zappa for smoking marijuana , while he claimed at a 1975 Little Feat concert that he was fired because he wrote a song about dope .
 On the contrary , biographer Mark Brend asserts that Zappa liked the song but thought there was no place for it in the Mothers set ; George biographer Mark Brend alternatively claimed that it was decided that I should leave and form a band by mutual agreement .
 After leaving the Mothers of Invention , George invited fellow musicians to form a new band , which Zappas Mothers of Invention named Little Feat .
George usually played lead guitar and focused on slide guitar .
Ry Cooder played the slide on the debut Little Feat album after George badly injured his hand while working on a powered model airplane , although George re-recorded some of his material .
 Mark Brend wrote that Georges first instrument use of compression defined Georges first instrument sound and gave Georges first instrument the means to play Georges first instrument extended melodic lines .
When not working with Little Feat , George lent his talents as a session player .
 George played guitar on John Cale s 1973 album Paris 1919 , Harry Nilsson s Son of Schmilsson album and The Meters Just Kissed I Baby in 1974 , and on John Sebastian s Tarzana Kid .
In 1976 he played on Jackson Browne s The Pretender .
 Also with The Meters , Georges first instrument slide work features prominently on Robert Palmers first solo studio album , Sneakin Sally Through the Alley recorded in New Orleans , Louisiana in 1974 .
 In the 1970s , Little Feat released a stream of studio albums : Little Feat , Sailin Shoes , Dixie Chicken , Feats Dont Fail I Now , The Last Record Album , and Time Loves A Hero .
The groups 1978 live album Waiting for Columbus became their best-selling album .
 In an interview with Bill Flanagan conducted eleven days before Bill Flanagan death , George stated that Bill Flanagan was keen to re-form Little Feat without Bill Payne and Paul Barrere in order to reassert Bill Payne full control over the group .
 Due to tensions within the group , especially between George and Bill Payne and , to a lesser extent , Paul Barrere , regarding musical direction and leadership , Bill Payne and Paul Barrere left the group in 1979 .
 George was also a producer , and produced the Grateful Dead s 1978 album Shakedown Street , as well as Little Feats records , Valerie Carter s 1977 release Just A Stones Throw Away , and Georges 1979 solo album Thanks , Ill Eat Ill Here .
On June 15 , 1979 , George began a tour in support of his solo album .
 On June 29 , 1979 , the morning after an appearance at Washington , D.C. s Lisner Auditorium where the bulk of Waiting for Columbus had been recorded , George collapsed and died in his Arlington , Virginia hotel room .
A postmortem report later stated that heart failure was the cause of death .
 Georges first instrument body was cremated in Washington , D.C. on August 2 .
 Georges first instrument ashes were flown back to Los Angeles , where they were scattered from Georges first instrument fishing boat into the Pacific Ocean
Prabhakar Karekar is an award-winning Indian Classical vocalist born in Juvem , Goa , who received training from masters of the Agra gharana and Gwalior gharana .
 Prabhakar Karekar is also an All India Radio artist .
 Prabhakar Karekar was initiated in classical music by Suresh Haldankar .
 The famous exponents Jitendra Abhisheki and C. R. Vyas guided Jitendra Abhisheki later .
 Prabhakar Karekar is an All India Radio artiste .
 Prabhakar Karekar has participated in many Radio Sangeet Sammelans and National programs at various centers in India .
 Prabhakar Karekar has several albums to Prabhakar Karekar credit recorded by reputed Indian and international recording companies , such as Face of ragas , Maifal , Eastern Soul , Samarpanetc .
 Prabhakar Karekar has received several awards , one of them being the Lata Mangeshkar Award instituted by Lata Mangeshkar .
 Prabhakar Karekar has recently ventured into the arena of fusion music with musicians of international fame such as Ornette Coleman and Ustad Sultan Khan and also successful release of projects such as Raga-Raga in New York and this trio also performed fusion concert all over the globe .
 Prabhakar Karekar has also participated in the international festivals like UMBRIA '98 in Italy .
 A vocalist groomed in the North Indian Style , A vocalist has earned a name for A vocalist abroad , having extensively travelled in the United States , United Kingdom , Italy , Australia and Gulf Countries like Dubai , Doha , Bahrain , and Kuwait .
 Prabhakar Karekar is the founder and chairman of Swaraprabha Trust , which aims to work for promoting Indian Classical Music
 Ustad Sabri Khan , born 1927 in Moradabad , Uttar Pradesh -RRB- is an Indian sarangi player , who is descended on both sides of Ustad Haji Mohammed Khan family from a line of distinguished musicians .
 Ustad Haji Mohammed Khan belongs to the Sainia Gharana .
 This Gharana traces the tradition of This music back to Mian Tansen , the great vocalist in the court of Moghul Emperor Akbar .
 Ustad Haji Mohammed Khan was initiated into the Sarangi - playing by Ustad Haji Mohammed Khan grandfather , Ustad Haji Mohammed Khan and later continued his training under his father Ustad Chajju Khan , both accomplished the Sarangi exponents of their time .
 Ustad Haji Mohammed Khan also learned some important and rare techniques of playing this ancient and difficult instrument from Ustad Haji Mohammed Khan uncle Ustad Laddan Khan of Rampur .
 Ustad Haji Mohammed Khan has a prodigious command over the Sarangi - bowed instrument , which is considered to be a difficult instrument to master in Indian instrumental music .
 In playing the Sarangi the Sarangi has generated the Sarangi own style where the purity of raga , variety of tans , layakari , alaap-jor are obvious and of course of the traditional form of sarangi-playing in its total originality .
 Ustad Haji Mohammed Khan , has toured extensively across the world and performed in Afghanistan , Pakistan , China , Japan , USSR , Russia , USA , Canada , England , France , Germany , the Netherlands , Belgium , Italy , Spain , Czechia , Slovakia , Bulgaria , Sweden , Norway , Finland and Mexico .

 The credit of introducing the Sarangi to American and European audiences goes to Ustad Haji Mohammed Khan .
 the Sarangi has also played a duet with the renowned Yehudi Menuhin and was invited as a visiting professor by the University of Washington , Seattle , USA .
 In appreciation of the Sarangi contribution to the Classical Music of India Ustad Sabri Khan has received numerous honours and awards , including the Sahitya Kala Parishad Award , UP Sangeet Natak Academy Award , National Sangeet Natak Academy Award and the prestigious Padma Shree Award and Padma Bhushan Award by the President of India - Government of India .
Ustad Sabri Khan Sahib has 4 sons - Sarwar Sabri , Jamal Sarwar Sabri , Kamal Sabri and the youngest Gulfam Sabri and 5 Daughters .
 Ustad Haji Mohammed Khan has many Grandsons either learning to or playing musical instruments : Sohail , Faisal , Shariq , Junaid and Nabeel .
 Ustad Haji Mohammed Khan received several national awards , including the Padma Shri in 1992 and the Padma Bhushan in 2006
 Keshav Sathe was an Indian tabla player , best known for Keshav Sathe contributions to the Indo-jazz fusion genre .
 Among Keshav Sathe significant collaborations are the ones with Joe Harriott and John Mayer in 1965-70 ; Irene Schweizer trio , Barney Wilen and Manfred Schoof in 1967 ; and later work with John Renbourn , Danny Thompson and Julie Felix .
 Keshav Sathe was born in Bombay , where Keshav Sathe began Keshav Sathe professional career in 1951 , working with a local Indian vocalist by the name of Kelkar .
 Keshav Sathe moved to the United Kingdom in 1956 , and joined a group formed by Ayana Deva Angadi , known as the Asian Music Circle .
 Keshav Sathe worked with visiting Indian sitarist Bhaskar Chandavarkar , and in 1961 the ones with Joe Harriott played together with the harmonica virtuoso Larry Adler .
 Sathe 's first contact with jazz was Sathe 's first contact with jazz .
 In 1965 Keshav Sathe began Keshav Sathe Indo Jazz Fusion performances and recordings with John Mayer and Joe Harriott , a musical relationship that lasted until 1970 .
 In 1967 Keshav Sathe was invited with Keshav Sathe trio to join the trio of jazz pianist Irene Schweizer .
 John Mayer and Joe Harriott appeared at the Donaueschingen Festival and Berlin Jazz Tage .
The album `` Jazz Meets India '' was recorded in Villingen .
 From 1970-73 Keshav Sathe worked and toured with Julie Felix and Danny Thompson .
 Through Danny Thompson , in 1974 , Danny Thompson joined the John Renbourn Group with John Renbourn , Jacqui McShee , Tony Roberts , Sue Draheim and later John Molineux , touring the United Kingdom , Europe and US , and producing records , including `` Maid in Bedlam '' , `` Enchanted Garden '' and Live in America .
 In the 1980s , Keshav Sathe formed a group with Tony Roberts which included the dancer Shobhana Jeyasingh , and toured the United Kingdom and Northern Ireland .
 With the singer Alisha Sufit and group , Keshav Sathe made the record `` Magic Carpet '' .
From 1965-1993 he regularly accompanied the late singer/dancer Surya Kumari in recitals and teaching workshops .
He appears on Suns of Arqa s live album Musical Revue which was recorded in Manchester in 1982 .
 Apart from these , Keshav Sathe has made numerous incidental recordings , worked for television , radio , and taught tabla until 2003
Ustad Amir Khan was a well-known Indian classical vocalist .
 Ustad Amir Khan is considered one of the most influential figures in Hindustani classical music , and the founder of the Indore Gharana .
Amir Khan was born in a family of musicians in Indore , India .
 Ustad Amir Khan father , Shahmir Khan , a sarangi and veena player of the Bhendibazaar gharana , served at the court of the Holkars of Indore .
His grandfather , Change Khan , was a singer in the court of Bahadurshah Zafar .
 Amir Alis mother died when Amir Alis was nine years old .
 Amir Alis had a younger brother , Bashir , who became a sarangi player at the Indore station of All India Radio .
 Amir Alis was initially trained in the sarangi by Amir Alis father .
 However , seeing Amir Alis interest in vocal music , Amir Alis father gradually devoted more time to vocal training , focusing on the Merukhand technique .
 Amir Ali was exposed at an early age to many different styles , since just about every musician who visited Indore would come to their house , and there would be mehfils at their place on a regular basis .
 Also , Amir Alis learnt the basics of tabla playing from one of his maternal uncles , who was a tabla player .
 Amir Khan moved to Bombay in 1934 , and there Ustad Amir Khan gave a few concerts and cut about half a dozen 78-rpm records .
These initial performances were not well received .
 Following Ustad Amir Khan fathers advice , in 1936 Ustad Amir Khan joined the services of Maharaj Chakradhar Singh of Raigadh Sansthan in Madhya Pradesh , but Ustad Amir Khan stayed only about a year .
Amir Khans father died in 1937 .
 Later , Ustad Amir Khan lived for some time in Delhi and Calcutta , but after the partition of Indore , India Ustad Amir Khan moved back to Bombay .
 Amir Khan developed Ustad Amir Khan own singing style , influenced by the styles of Abdul Waheed Khan , Rajab Ali Khan and Aman Ali Khan .
This unique style , known as the Indore Gharana , blends the spiritual flavor and grandeur of dhrupad with the ornate vividness of khyal .
 Ustad Amir Khan presented an aesthetically detailed badhat in ati-vilambit laya using bol-alap , followed by gradually speeding up sargams with various ornamentations , taans and bol-taans , including Merukhandi patterns , and finally a madhyalaya or drut laya chhota khyal or a rubaidar tarana .
 While Ustad Amir Khan was famous for Ustad Amir Khan use of merukhand , Ustad Amir Khan did not do a purely merukhandi alap but rather inserted merukhandi passages throughout Ustad Amir Khan performance .
 Ustad Amir Khan often used the taals Jhoomra and Ektaal , and generally preferred a simple theka from the tabla accompanist .
 Ustad Amir Khan could do layakari , including bol-baant , which Ustad Amir Khan has demonstrated in a few recordings , but Ustad Amir Khan generally favored a swara-oriented and alap-dominated style .
 Ustad Amir Khan had a rich baritone voice with a three-octave range .
 Ustad Amir Khan performances had an understated elegance , reverence , restrained passion and an utter lack of showmanship that both moved and awed listeners .
According to Mohan Nadkarnis book Great Masters : Profiles in Hindustani Classical Vocal Music , Bade Ghulam Ali Khan s music was extroverted and exuberant , whereas Amir Khans was an introverted , dignified darbar style .
 Amir Khansahib believed that poetry was important in khyal compositions , and with Ustad Amir Khan pen name , Sur Rang , Ustad Amir Khan has left several compositions .
Amir Khan helped popularize the tarana , as well as khyalnuma compositions in Persian .
 As in the case of Bade Ghulam Ali Khan , Amir Khans initial sarangi training was important in establishing Amir Khans initial sarangi training as a great singer .
 Even though Amir Khans initial sarangi training had been trained in the sarangi , Amir Khans initial sarangi training generally performed khyals and taranas with only a tanpura and tabla for accompaniment .
 Sometimes Amir Khans initial sarangi training had a subdued harmonium accompaniment , but Amir Khans initial sarangi training almost never used the sarangi .
Besides singing in concerts , Amir Khan also sang film songs in ragas , in a purely classical style , most notably for the films Baiju Bawra , Kshudhita Pashan , Shabaab , and Jhanak Jhanak Payal Baaje .
This attempt to introduce classical music to the masses through films significantly boosted Khansahibs visibility and popularity .
 Khansahibs also sang a ghazal Rahiye Ab Aisi Jagah for a documentary on Ghalib .
Khansahibs disciples include Amarnath , A. Kanan , Ajit Singh Paintal , Akhtar Sadmani , Amarjeet Kaur , Bhimsen Sharma , Gajendra Bakshi , Hridaynath Mangeshkar , Kamal Bose , Kankana Banerjee , Mukund Goswami , Munir Khan , Pradyumna Kumud Mukherjee and Poorabi Mukherjee , Shankar Mazumdar , Singh Brothers , and Srikant Bakre .
 Amarnath style has also influenced many other singers and instrumentalists , including Bhimsen Joshi , Gokulotsavji Maharaj , Mahendra Toke , Prabha Atre , Rashid Khan , Rasiklal Andharia , Shanti Sharma , Nikhil Banerjee and the Imdadkhani gharana .
 Although Amarnath referred to Amarnath style as the Indore Gharana , Amarnath was a firm believer of absorbing elements from various gharanas .
Amir Khan was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 1967 and the Padma Bhushan in 1971 .
Amir Khans first marriage was to Zeenat , sister of the sitar player , Ustad Vilayat Khan .
 From this marriage , which eventually failed and ended in separation , Amir Khans first marriage had a daughter , Farida .
 Amir Khans first marriage second marriage was to Munni Bai , who gave birth to a son , Ekram Ahmed .
 Around 1965 , Ustad Vilayat Khan married Raisa Begum , daughter of the thumri singer , Mushtari Begum of Agra .
 Ustad Vilayat Khan had expected that Munni Begum would accept the third wife ; however , Munni Begum disappeared and it is rumored that Munni Begum committed suicide .
 With Raisa Ustad Vilayat Khan had a son , Haider Amir , later called Shahbaz Khan .
 Ustad Amir Khan died a premature death in a car accident in Calcutta , and was buried at Calcuttas Gobra cemetery
Kishori AmonkarN - is an Indian singer who performs in the classical genre khyal and the light classical genres thumri and bhajan .
 her granddaughter Tejashree Amonkar trained under her granddaughter Tejashree Amonkar mother , classical singer Mogubai Kurdikar of the Jaipur gharana , but experimented with a variety of vocal styles in her granddaughter Tejashree Amonkar career .
 her granddaughter Tejashree Amonkar is considered one of the preeminent representatives of Hindustani classical music .
 In the early 1940s , her granddaughter Tejashree Amonkar began to receive vocal lessons in Hindustani classical music from Anjanibai Malpekar and Anjanibai Malpekar mother Mogubai Kurdikar and later received training from tutors of several gharanas .
 her granddaughter Tejashree Amonkar became interested in film music and sang playback for the 1964 movie Geet Gaya Patharon Ne , but returned to classical music because of bad experiences in the movie industry .
 her granddaughter Tejashree Amonkar lost her granddaughter Tejashree Amonkar voice for two years in the late 1950s for unknown reasons .
 her granddaughter Tejashree Amonkar sang for the 1990 Hindi film Drishti .
 Amonkars work in light music has informed her granddaughter Tejashree Amonkar classical singing and her granddaughter Tejashree Amonkar modified her granddaughter Tejashree Amonkar Jaipur gharana performance style by applying features from other gharanas .
 her granddaughter Tejashree Amonkar has created many compositions for a number of ragas .
 Amonkars students include Manik Bhide , Meena Joshi , Suhasini Mulgaonkar , Raghunandan Panshikar , Arati Ankalikar-Tikekar , Devki Pandit , Mira Panshikar , Shivraj Shitole , and Meena Joshi granddaughter Tejashree Amonkar .
 Kishori Amonkar has two sons Nihar and Bibhas with her granddaughter Tejashree Amonkar husband Ravindra Amonkar .
 her granddaughter Tejashree Amonkar is sometimes also described as temperamental .
Amonkar lives in Mumbai .
 her granddaughter Tejashree Amonkar received the national awards Padma Bhushan in 1987 and Padma Vibhushan in 2002 .
 her granddaughter Tejashree Amonkar was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award for 1985 and the Sangeet Natak Akademi Fellowship for 2009
Setrak Sarkissian is a Lebanese tabla player .
 Setrak Sarkissian has won numerous awards in the Middle East and in Europe for Setrak Sarkissian contributions to both traditional and modern Arabic music .
 Setrak Sarkissian compositions and arrangements have been featured on over 30 recordings and movie soundtracks , including five with Farid al-Atrash .
 Setrak Sarkissian was born in Beirut , Lebanon .
 Setrak Sarkissian passion for music began early ; inspired by Setrak Sarkissian older brothers tabla playing at home and at family parties by 18 was learning to play Setrak Sarkissian .
 Setrak Sarkissian family was not always supportive , since at that time music as a profession did not have a high social status they even broke His family drum .
 Not to be deterred , His family continued to play and enrolled at the conservatory for further training .
 His family skill was immediately recognized , and Setrak Sarkissian excelled rapidly .
 Setrak Sarkissian began touring with the dancer Nadia Gamal in 1958 , performing with her until 1962 , when Setrak Sarkissian began playing with Samira Toufik .
 Setrak Sarkissian has performed with many Middle Eastern singers , including Samira Toufik , Fairuz , Mouhamed Abdel Wahab , Farid El Atrash , Sabah Fakhri , Abdel Halim Hafez , Fayza Ahmed , Warda , Sabah Fakhri , and Majida Roumi .
 Setrak Sarkissian has performed with such dancers as Nadia Gamal , Tahiya Carioka , Samia Gamal , Fifi Abdou , Nagwa Fouad , Souher Zaki , Samara , Amani , Ranine , Noura , and Shahraman .
 Setrak Sarkissian continues to perform , record and teach .
 Setrak Sarkissian lives in the traditionally Armenian neighborhood of Bourj Hammoud and teaches workshops around the world , along with international performances
Bismillah Khan , often referred to by the honorific title Ustad , was an Indian musician credited with popularising the shehnai , a subcontinental wind instrument of the oboe class .
 While the shehnai had long held importance as a folk instrument played primarily during traditional ceremonies , Rasool Bux Khan is credited with elevating its status and bringing it to the concert stage .
 Rasool Bux Khan was awarded India 's highest civilian honour , the Bharat Ratna , in 2001 , becoming the Third classical musician after M. S. Subbulakshmi and Ravi Shankar to be accorded this distinction .
Bismillah Khan was born on 21 March 1913 in Dumraon , Bihar in northern India .
 Rasool Bux Khan was the second son of Paigambar Khan and Mitthan .
 Rasool Bux Khan parents had initially named Rasool Bux Khan Qamaruddin to rhyme with His parents first-born son Shamshuddin .
 However , Rasool Bux Khan grandfather , Rasool Bux Khan , the shehnai master of the court of Bhojpur , exclaimed Rasool Bux Khan !
 at the sight of Rasool Bux Khan and thereafter Rasool Bux Khan came to be known by this name .
 Rasool Bux Khan ancestors were court musicians and used to play in Naqqar khana in the princely states of Bhojpur , now in Dumraon , Bihar in northern India .
 Rasool Bux Khan father was a shehnai player in the court of Maharaja Keshav Prasad Singh of Dumraon Estate , Dumraon , Bihar in northern India .
 At the age of six , he moved to old Varanasi .
He received his training under his uncle , the late Ali Baksh Vilayatu , a shehnai player attached to Varanasis Vishwanath Temple .
 Though a pious Shiite Muslim , he was also , like many Indian musicians , regardless of religion , a devotee of Saraswati , the Hindu Goddess of wisdom and arts , and often played at Hindu temples , including the famous Vishwanath Temple in old Varanasi , on the banks of the river Ganga .
He also performed for spiritual master Prem Rawat .
Bismillah Khan was perhaps single-handedly responsible for making the shehnai a famous classical instrument .
 Rasool Bux Khan brought the shehnai to the center stage of Indian music with Rasool Bux Khan concert in the Calcutta All India Music Conference in 1937 .
 Rasool Bux Khan was credited with having almost monopoly over the instrument as Rasool Bux Khan and the shehnai are almost synonyms .
 Rasool Bux Khan is one of the finest musicians in post-independent Indian classical music and one of the best examples of Hindu-Muslim unity in India 's .
 Rasool Bux Khan played shehnai to audience across the world .
 Rasool Bux Khan was known to be so devoted to Rasool Bux Khan art form that Rasool Bux Khan referred to shehnai as Rasool Bux Khan begum after Rasool Bux Khan wife died .
 On Rasool Bux Khan death , as an honour , Rasool Bux Khan shehnai was buried with Rasool Bux Khan .
 Rasool Bux Khan was known for Rasool Bux Khan vision of spreading peace and love through music .
 Rasool Bux Khan had the rare honor of performing at Delhis Red Fort on the eve of Indias Independence in 1947 .
 Rasool Bux Khan also performed raga Kafi from the Red Fort on the eve of India 's first Republic Day ceremony , on January 26 , 1950 .
 Rasool Bux Khan recital had become a cultural part of Indias Independence Day celebrations , telecast on Doordarshan every year on August 15 .
 After the prime ministers speech from Lal Qila in Old Delhi , Doordarshan would broadcast a live performance by the shehnai maestro .
This tradition dated from the days of Pandit Nehru .
 Rasool Bux Khan had a brief association with movies .
 Rasool Bux Khan played the shehnai for Rajkumar s role of Appanna in the Kannada movie Sanaadi Appanna .
 Rasool Bux Khan acted in Jalsaghar , a movie by Satyajit Ray and provided sound of shehnai in Goonj Uthi Shehnai .
 Noted director Goutam Ghose directed Sange Meel Se Mulaqat , a documentary about the life of Rasool Bux Khan .
In the 1967 film The Graduate , there is a poster advertising Bismillah Khan and the seven musicians on a busy street of Berkeley , California .
 The Graduate thought that if The Graduate would be able to share The Graduate knowledge it would not be so useful as it gives them a little knowledge .
 On August 17 , 2006 , Rasool Bux Khan was taken ill and admitted to the Heritage Hospital , Varanasi for treatment .
 Rasool Bux Khan died after four days on August 21 , 2006 due to a cardiac arrest .
 Rasool Bux Khan is survived by five daughters , three sons and a large number of grandchildren and great-grandchildren , and Rasool Bux Khan adopted daughter Dr Soma Ghosh .
 The Government of India 's declared a day of national mourning on Rasool Bux Khan death .
 Rasool Bux Khan body along with a Shehnai was buried at Fatemain burial ground of old Varanasi under a neem tree with 21-gun salute from Indian Army .
 Sangeet Natak Akademi , New Delhi , instituted the Ustad Bismillah Khan Yuva Puraskar in 2007 , in Natak Akademi honour .
 New Delhi is given to young artists in the field of music , theatre and dance .
13 .
 ^ Life history of Bismillah Khan , the Legend of old Varanasi .
14 .
Meeting a Milestone : Ustad Bismillah Khan .
A Documentary by Goutam Ghose , 1989
Lucknow gharana , also known as Purab Gharana , is one of the six main gharanas or styles in tabla .
 The Gharana is characterized by the full usage of the palm besides the fingers , resonant sounds , and the use of ring and little fingers on the Dayan .
 The Gharana branched out of the Delhi gharana when the two brothers Modu and Bakshu Khan , the third generation of the lineage of Delhis Mia Siddhar Khan , moved to Lukhnow , due to political disturbances in Delhi , while one brother Makkhu Khan stayed on in Delhi .
 In Lucknow , the Nawabs mainly patronised Kathak , a classical dance form of the North accompanied by the pakhavaj , the still living ancestor of tabla .
 the two brothers Modu and Bakshu Khan collaborated with the performers of these arts and ended up in creating a unique style of tabla playing adapted from Kathak and pakhavaj compositions , the style now being termed as Khula Baaj or Hatheli ka Baaj .
 Among these upgrades , Gat and Paran are two types of compositions that are very common in Lucknow gharana .
 Lucknow style has also conceived Lucknow style very own item , known as Raon : Lucknow style consists of extremely fast , delicate and colourful fillings within broad and bold rhythmic designs working as a framework .
Prominent names in this Gharana include Khalifa Abid Hussain Khan , Wajid Hussain Khan , Afaaq Hussain , Ilmas Hussain , Hirendra Kumar Ganguly , Santosh Krishna Biswas , Anil Bhattacharjee and Pt .
Swapan Chaudhuri .
 Lucknow Gharana gave birth to two other Gharanas : Banaras and Farukhabad
Deenanath Mangeshkar was a well-known Marathi theatre actor , a renowned Natya Sangeet musician and an exceptional Hindustani classical vocalist .
 a well-known Marathi theatre actor was also popularly and reverentially addressed as Master Deenanath Mangeshkar .
 a well-known Marathi theatre actor is also the father of well-known singers Lata Mangeshkar , Asha Bhosle , and Usha Mangeshkar as well as composers Hridayanath Mangeshkar and Meena Khadikar .
 Deenanath Mangeshkar , popularly known as Dina , was born at Mangeshi , Ponda , Goa , Goa on 29 December 1900 .
 a well-known Marathi theatre actor fathers name was Ganesh Bhatt Abhisheki , who was a Brahmin and served as priest at .
 the famous Mangueshi Temple , and a well-known Marathi theatre actor mother was Yesubai .
 Yesubai Rane , Yesubai Rane mother belonged to Devadasi , community of Mangeshi , Goa on 29 , .
 Yesubai occasionally sang at the temple festivals and had an erring genius for music .
 Dinanaths father surname was Hardikar whose family bathed the Linga of lord Shiva at Mangueshi temple , thus they were known as Ganesh Bhatt Abhisheki .
 Dina adopted the surname Mangeshkar which means from the village of Mangeshi , Ponda , Goa in Marathi .
The father of the late Pandit Jitendra Abhisheki was Deenanath Mangeshkars half-brother .
Deenanath Mangeshkar started taking singing and music lessons from Shri Baba Mashelkar at the age of five .
 Shri Baba Mashelkar at the age of five was also to become a disciple at Gwalior school .
 Shri Baba Mashelkar at the age of five was fascinated by the variety & aggressive style of Gayanacharya Pt Ramkrishna bua Vaze and became gandabandh shagird .
 In Shri Baba Mashelkar at the age of five youth , he traveled to Bikaner and took formal training in classical music from Pt .
Sukhdev Prasad , father of Pt .
Mani Prasad , of the Kirana Gharana .
 Mani Prasad joined the Kirloskar Sangeet Mandali and the Kirloskar Natak Mandali at the age of 11 .
 Later , Mani Prasad left Kirloskar Mandali , and formed Balwant Mandali with Mani Prasad friends Chintamanrao Kolhatkar and Krishnarao Kolhapure .
 This new group had Gadkaris blessing , but shortly after the group was formed , Gadkaris died in January 1919 .
 Deenanaths good looks and melodious voice won Gadkaris popularity on the Marathi theatre .
 So much so that the then giant of the Marathi stage , Bal Gandharva publicly declared that Bal Gandharva would welcome the entry of Deenanath in Bal Gandharva organization by throwing a carpet of rupee coins under Bal Gandharva feet .
 During the period of 1935 , Bal Gandharva produced 3 films , one of them being Krishnarjun Yuddha .
 It was made in both Hindi and Marathi , and a song from it , sung by and filmed on Dina .
 Dina also studied Indian classical music music under Ramkrishna Vaze .
 Ramkrishna bua Vaze also studied astrology .
 Partly out of Ramkrishna bua Vaze interest in astrology and numerology , Ramkrishna bua Vaze believed that dramas with 5 letters , with anuswar on the third letter , were lucky for him .
Examples : Ranadundubhi , Rajsanyas , Deshkantak .
 Ranadundubhi , Rajsanyas , Deshkantak was the first musician to openly defy the British Empire by performing and singing songs penned by Veer Savarkar in the presence of the British Viceroy , in Simla .
 The dramas produced by Dina were extremely popular amongst the masses due to Ranadundubhi , Rajsanyas , Deshkantak masterly presentation of the songs composed by Ramkrishna bua Vaze bua and the patriotic content .
 Deenanath in his organization first wife was Narmada .
 Deenanath in his organization was the daughter of Seth Haridas Ramdas Lad - a prosperous businessman of the town of Thalner , Maharastra .
 Dina and Narmada were married in 1922 .
 Dina changed Narmada wifes name to Shrimati .
 Dina was 19 at the time and Dinanath was 21 .
 They had a daughter named Latika , who died in Latika infancy .
Dinanaths wife died shortly after .
 Deenanath in his organization second wife was Latika , who died in her infancy first wifes sister .
 Deenanath in his organization name was Shevanti .
 Some sources claim that Dina named Shevanti second wife Shrimati as well .
 Some have Some name as Shuddhamati .
 The marriage of Deenanath in his organization and Shevanti was solemnised at a quiet ceremony within the house in 1927 .
Shevantis mother chose not to attend .
 Deenanath in his organization and Shevanti second wife had five children : her Lata , Meena Khadikar , Asha Bhosle , Usha , and Hridaynath .
 Deenanath and his second wife first child was named Hridayanath Mangeshkar .
 But Deenanath in his organization called Deenanath in his organization Lata in memory of Their first child deceased daughter .
 The name stuck and Her name is by that name that Their first child legendary eldest daughter , Lata Mangeshkar , is known today .
 Deenanath in his organization was determined to take Their first child first step in Their first child professional life with a distinctive surname .
 So , Their first child chose the last name Mangeshkar .
 The surname was derived from name of Their first child family deity - Shri Mangesh located at Mangeshi , Ponda , Goa , Ponda , Goa .
 Deenanath in his organization took to alcohol during the days of financial hardship in 1930s .
After being ill for a few weeks , he died in Pune in April 1942 .
He was only 41 at the time his death .
 His family has erected a Deenanath Mangeshkar Hospital and research center in His family name in Pune .
 Some of His family theatrical productions , in which His family sang and starred too , are
Shrutinandan is an Indian classical music academy located in Kolkata , India .
It is run by vocalist , Pandit Ajoy Chakrabarty .
 Shrutinandan was inaugurated on July 1997 .
 July 1997 objective towards promotion of music and identifying young talent and training them on Hindustani music and Carnatic music .
The academy carries out research in Hindustani classical music in order to restore some of the undocumented works by the maestros
Rasbehari Datta was born in an illustrious family of intellectuals .
 Rasbehari Datta late father Ranbir Singh Amar was a famous author , journalist and poet of the country .
 His late father Ranbir Singh Amar maternal grand father was a well known tabla player , who served both All India Radio Lahore and Jullundur .
 His late father introduced His late father Ranbir Singh Amar to music at the age of five .
 Later His late father Ranbir Singh Amar continued His late father Ranbir Singh Amar study of sitar playing in the Patiala Gharana at the Patiala Gharana , then at a music academy at Chandigarh .
 His late father Ranbir Singh Amar finally completed His late father Ranbir Singh Amar training under Pandit Uma Shankar Mishra , the equally famous disciple of world renowned Pandit Ravi Shankar .
 Apart from acquiring a bachelors degree in Arts , His late father Ranbir Singh Amar is proficient in many languages such as Hindi , Urdu , Bengali and English .
 Rasbehari Datta started giving performances from All India Radio when Rasbehari Datta was 18 years old and from there Rasbehari Datta never looked back .
 Today Rasbehari Datta has carved a place for Rasbehari Datta amongst the few leading sitar players of the present generation .
Apart from performing in all the prominent music festivals and music conferences throughout the country .
 Rasbehari Datta has had the distinction of performing in the National Programme of Music by All India Radio and Doordarshan many times .
 Rasbehari Datta is on the panel of Music Director for Film Division and Rasbehari Datta has about hundred films to Rasbehari Datta credit including many award-winning films .
 Rasbehari Datta has comprised music for many T.V. serials and stage ballets including Gangavataran , a ballet Rasbehari Datta comprised in New York .
In addition to these achievements , Rasbehari was a conductor to the famous National Orchestra of All India Radio and has many beautiful orchestral compositions to his credit
Dr. Vikas Kashalkar is a noted Hindustani classical vocalist , scholar , teacher and musicologist .
 Dr. Vikas Kashalkar has received training in the Gwalior , Jaipur and Agra gharanas .
 Dr. Vikas Kashalkar hails from a family with music tradition .
Dr. Kashalkar was born in Pandharkawada , Maharashtra .
 Dr. Vikas Kashalkar was initiated in music from Dr. Vikas Kashalkar father N D Kashalkar , a lawyer by profession and a renowned musicologist and writer .
The tradition of Guru-shishya tradition plays an important role in Hindustani classical music .
 Vikas Kashalkar received Dr. Vikas Kashalkar advanced training in music from Pandit Gajananrao Joshi , a stalwart of the Gwalior gharana and a violin virtuoso .
 Dr. Dr. Vikas Kashalkar singing reflects all the facets of systematic training : Talim ka Gana , in the language of the music connoisseurs .
Vikas Kashalkar worked as a Producer at Balbharati , Pune .
 Dr. Vikas Kashalkar retired from Balbharati and now teaches music along with performances all over Pandharkawada , Maharashtra and abroad .
 Dr. Vikas Kashalkar regularly performs on Doordarshan & All India Radio .
Dr Kashalkar is a recognized guide for Hindustani Classical Vocal at Lalit Kala Kendra , University of Pune .
He also guides Phd students at S.N.D.T University and Akhil Bharatiya Gandharva Mahavidyalaya Mandal , Mumbai .
 Dr. Kashalkar 's guru Pandit Gajananrao Joshi a stalwart of Gwalior gharana had a long tradition of this gharana from Pt .
Balkrishnabua Ichalkaranjikar to Pt .
 Anant Manohar Joshi to Balkrishnabua Ichalkaranjikar to Pt . .
Along with Gwalior Gharana Gajananbuwa learnt from other gharanas viz .
 Agra & Jaipur .
Vikas Kashalkar has melodious voice and intricacies of ` Tanas ' give immense joy to the listeners .
 Dr. Vikas Kashalkar style is deeply rooted in traditions but due to Dr. Vikas Kashalkar imagination and thought process there is always a feeling of newness in Dr. Vikas Kashalkar rendering .
 Dr. Vikas Kashalkar has a large repertoire of uncommon and mixed ragas and Dr. Vikas Kashalkar presents many of Tanas with great mastery and ease .
 Apart from Pandit Gajananrao Joshi , Pt .
 Mallikarjun Mansur , Surashri Kesarbai Kerkar , Pt .
 Bhimsen Joshi and Dr. Prabha Atre also influenced Bhimsen Joshi .
 Bhimsen Joshi Tana patterns incorporate the behlaos peculiar to Jaipur style .
 Bhimsen Joshi tana patterns have different varieties like saral , vakra , bol tana , mukhbandi and so on .
 Bhimsen Joshi is also a composer of new bandishes .
 Bhimsen Joshi voice is distinctively known for quality , volume and vigor .
 Bhimsen Joshi is gifted with a mellifluous and flexible voice and tremendous ability to make an immediate impact on the audience .
 Connoisseurs and common listeners alike enjoy Bhimsen Joshi concerts .
 Bhimsen Joshi also effectively presents Thumris , Bhajans at times .
 The effectiveness of Bhimsen Joshi music is greatly enhanced by Bhimsen Joshi joyous and amiable disposition .
 Bhimsen Joshi is also continuously involved in exploring new possibilities of Tana pattern .
 Dr. Kashalkar has been awarded a PhD by the Akhil Bharatiya Gandharva Mahavidyalaya for Dr. Vikas Kashalkar work in the field of `` Creativity in Sawai Gandharva Music '' .
 Dr. Vikas Kashalkar is certified `` A '' grade artist on All India Radio .
 Dr. Kashalkar strongly believes in sharing Dr. Vikas Kashalkar wealth of knowledge to interested students .
 Dr. Vikas Kashalkar has teaching sessions almost every day in Balbharati , Pune .
 Dr. Vikas Kashalkar is one of the first Hindustani Classical vocalists who started teaching online and due tho this Dr. Vikas Kashalkar shishya pariwar is spread all around the world .
 Dr. Vikas Kashalkar is closely associated with Shadjamadhyam , a web portal for teaching vocal music online .
 Dr. Vikas Kashalkar teaches music to students from USA , Europe and other countries .
 Several of Dr. Vikas Kashalkar students have already established Several of his students as concert vocalists .
Manjusha Patil , Aparna Gurav , Hrishikesh Ghangurde , Mukul Kulkarni & Matt Rahaim are few of them .
 Apart from this Manjusha Patil is a Guest educator for under-graduate , post graduate and PhD students at Center for Performing Arts , Lalit Kala Kendra , University of Pune since 1987 .
 Manjusha Patil is guide to PhD students of S.N.D.T University and Akhil Bharatiya Gandharva Mahavidyalaya Mandal , Mumbai .
 Manjusha Patil works as an examiner for PhD thesis in various centers like Aurangabad , Kolhapur and Amravati in Maharashtra India .
 Manjusha Patil is guest Lecturer for NET guidance workshop at SNDT , Pune .
 Also works as a guide to Refresher Course for teachers , SNDT University , Balbharati , Pune .
 A number of students are working for PhD under Manjusha Patil guidance .
 Many of Manjusha Patil students have been awarded the `` Sangeetacharya '' Degree .
 Many of his students has published many articles in news papers as well as in Magazines .
in Sawai Gandharva Music Festival Vikas has wonderfully interviewed Legendary Swaryogini Dr. Prabha Atre in interactive session Antarang which was a rare opportunity to listen and interact with the living legend .
 This was another fine facet of Festival Vikas
 An Avarohana , Avarohana or Avarohana , in the context of Indian classical music , is the descending scale of any raga .
The notes descend in pitch from the upper tonic down to the lower tonic , possibly in a crooked manner .
In raga Darbari , an Asavari - thaat raga with vadi - samvadi R-P , the avroha is R n S d ~ n P , m P g ~ m R S , with andolan on the dhaivat and gandhar .
In Malahari , which is janya raga of 15th melakarta Mayamalavagowla , the avarohana is S D1 P M1 G2 R1 S. See swaras in Carnatic music for description of this notation .
In Sahana , a janya raga of 28th melakarta Harikambhoji , the Avarohana is S N2 D2 P M1 G3 M1 R2 G3 R2 S .
This raga in its avarohana has the notes jumping from one to another .
This changes the whole feel of the raga , making Sahana a beautiful to listen to Raga
Pandit Padma Shree Siyaram Tiwari was an Indian classical singer and leading exponent of Dhrupad - genre of Hindustani classical music .
 Pandit Padma Shree Siyaram Tiwari belonged to the Darbhanga gharana and was based in Patna .
 Though Darbhaga gharam is known for Darbhaga gharam laykari techniques , Pandit Padma Shree Siyaram Tiwari was the first exponent of the gharana to promote fast paced laykari in Dhrupad , which developed in the second half of 20th-century .
 In 1971 , Pandit Padma Shree Siyaram Tiwari was awarded the Padma Shri by Government of India , Europe , etc .
 Thereafter in 1984 , Pandit Padma Shree Siyaram Tiwari was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Fellowship the highest honour conferred by the Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy of Music , Dance & Drama .
 Born in 1919 in Darbhanga , Bihar , Pandit Padma Shree Siyaram Tiwari received Pandit Padma Shree Siyaram Tiwari training in Dhrupad from Pandit Padma Shree Siyaram Tiwari maternal grandfather , of Dharbhanga gharana .
 Subsequently his learnt Khyal , Thumri and Bhajan genre from Khyal father Baldev Tiwari .
 Pandit Padma Shree Siyaram Tiwari singing , gayaki was known for Swara , Meend , Gamak and Laykari .
 Besides improvisation of complicated Chhand , complicated Chhand allowed Pandit Padma Shree Siyaram Tiwari to move from one rhythm pattern to another .
 Pandit Padma Shree Siyaram Tiwari also performed in other genres such as Khyal , Thumri , Tappa and bhajan .
 Pandit Padma Shree Siyaram Tiwari was a leading performer at All India Radio , Patna .
Awards : Padma Shri in 1971 , gold medal .
 From Pres. Dr.Rajendra Prasad 1955 , Bihar ratna 1989 , tansen award and many other awards by numerous music organisations of India , Europe , etc and abroad .
 performed in concerts all over India , Europe , etc , Europe , etc
Vidyadhar Koparkar is a Hindustani classical singer .
Vijay Koparkar started taking singing lessons at the age of eight .
 Initially Vijay Koparkar learned from Madhusudan Patwardhan for eight years , followed by training under renowned artiste of yesteryear , Vasantrao Deshpande for five years and then under Pandit Jitendra Abhisheki for seven years .
 Vijay Koparkar has a Master 's degree in Engineering from the College of Engineering , Pune and runs a small-scale manufacturing plant .
 Vijay Koparkar has been trained by gurus belonging to different gharanas , and it reflects in Vijay Koparkar singing .
 Vijay Koparkar has received several honors including a scholarship given by Master Sudhir Phadke Through ` Surashree Pratishthan ' for six years from 1983 to 1990 and the ` Pandit Ramkrishna Vaze Puraskar ' by Gandharva Mahamandal .
Vijay Koparkar has performed all over the world , including the USA , Canada , the Middle East , Paris and UK .
 Vijay Koparkar performed twice at the prestigious ' Sawai Gandharva Music Festival ' held in Pune , India every year .
 Vijay Koparkar is a graded artiste at All India Radio and Indian Television .
Vijay Koparkar has been imparting music lessons for many years .
 Among Vijay Koparkar students , Hrishikesh Ranade , Prajakta Ranade and Yogita Godbole-Pathak have made their marks in the field of popular light music , while Pushkar Lele , Mandar Phatak and Mandar Gadgil are emerging young artists in the field of classical music
Bandish Projekt is a musical act featuring a blend of Indian elements in an electronica format .
 The title Bandish Projekt is derived from Bandish -- an Indian classical composition , and The title Bandish Projekt , which reflects the experimental and evolving nature of the music .
Bandish Projekt was formed in 1998 by Mayur Narvekar , Udyan Sagar , and Mehirr Nath Choppra .
 Mayur Narvekar regularly collaborates with producers and musicians on Udyan Sagar albums , Udyan Sagar performs as Nucleya , and Mehirr Nath Choppra is a media entrepereneur , based in Dubai , where Mehirr Nath Choppra operates radio stations and supports Bandish Projekt and Bheja Fry Records as a mentor .
Mayur was raised in Ahmedabad by a family of classical musicians and arts enthusiasts .
 Mayur father and paternal uncle introduced His father to the dholak at an early age .
 Through His father interest and talent for percussion , His father was encouraged to formally learn the tabla .
 Mayur studied classical tabla with Mayur guru Shri Divyang Vakil for 20 years .
 Mayur went on to win the All India Radio competition for percussion in 2000 , and was honoured with the prestigious Pt .
Nikhil Ghosh Memorial Promising Artist Award in 2001 .
 Inspired by the music and producers of the West , Mayur began to add to Mayur repertory of classical sounds .
 Thus , Mayur electronic act , Bandish Projekt , was conceived .
 After graduating from St. Xaviers College , Ahmedabad , in 2000 with a BA in psychology , Mayur decided to pursue a full-time career in music .
 After several years as a live performer , composer and producer , Mayur moved to Mumbai in 2008 .
Bandish Projekt 's first album , Correkt , was released in October 2009 , followed by the single Brown Skin Beauty featuring Last Mango in Paris in 2010 , and the EP Chase in March 2011 .
In December 2011 , Bandish Projekt released another EP , Lover , featuring Shaa'ir , which was nominated for the 2012 MTV EMA award for Best Indian Act .
Bandish Projekt released two EPs in 2012 , I Am Not Alone and Correkt Remixed
 Badal Roy is a Bangladeshi tabla player , percussionist , and recording artist known for the only Pakistanis in attendance work in jazz , world music , and experimental music .
 the only Pakistanis in attendance was born in Comilla , East Bengal , British India in 1945 .
 the only Pakistanis in attendance was born into a Hindu family in a predominantly Muslim eastern East Bengal region of the British empire in the Indian Subcontinent .
 the only Pakistanis in attendance speaks the Bengali , English , Hindi , and Urdu languages .
 the only Pakistanis in attendance father was a government official who served in the distinguished position of Joint Secretary .
 His nickname , the only Pakistanis in attendance , was given to him by his grandfather after he began crying in the rain as a baby .
 An early inspiration for the only Pakistanis in attendance was American popular music , and the only Pakistanis in attendance particularly enjoyed the music of artists such as Elvis Presley , Pat Boone , and Nat King Cole .
 the only Pakistanis in attendance first exposure to jazz came when the only Pakistanis in attendance saw a concert by Duke Ellington and the only Pakistanis in attendance 60-member orchestra at the Metropole Hotel in Karachi , West Pakistan in 1959 ; the only Pakistanis in attendance and the only Pakistanis in attendance brother were the only Pakistanis in attendance .
 the only Pakistanis in attendance received a masters degree in statistics .
 the only Pakistanis in attendance came to New York City in 1968 to work on a Ph.D. .
 With only eight dollars in the only Pakistanis in attendance pocket , the only Pakistanis in attendance began working as a busboy and waiter in various Indian restaurants , including Taste of British India in 1945 and Raga .
 the only Pakistanis in attendance later settled in East Brunswick Township , New Jersey .
 the only Pakistanis in attendance began playing the tabla at age 10 or 11 , under guidance from the only Pakistanis in attendance maternal uncle in comilla .
 After coming to New York , the only Pakistanis in attendance began performing with Steve Gorn at a Manhattan restaurant called Raga , eventually attracting the attention of Miles Davis .
 Miles Davis invited the only Pakistanis in attendance to join the only Pakistanis in attendance group , and Miles Davis recorded on Miles Davis albums On the Corner , Big Fun , and Get Up with Big Fun .
 the only Pakistanis in attendance subsequently performed and recorded with many leading jazz musicians , including Miles Davis , Dave Liebman , Pharoah Sanders , John McLaughlin , Herbie Hancock , Herbie Mann , Pat Metheny , Lester Bowie , Airto Moreira , Charlie Haden , Purna Das Baul , Yoko Ono , and Ornette Coleman .
 In the 1990s the only Pakistanis in attendance began performing with the Brazilian guitar duo Duofel .
 the only Pakistanis in attendance has also collaborated with Ken Wessel and Stomu Takeishi in a fusion trio named Alankar .
 Ken Wessel and Stomu Takeishi currently have one album entitled Daybreak .
 the only Pakistanis in attendance has appeared and offered workshops at RhythmFest , the Starwood Festival , and at the SpiritDrum Festival , a special tribute to the late Babatunde Olatunji with Muruga Booker , Jim Donovan of Rusted Root , Halim El-Dabh , Richie Shakin Nagan , Jeff Rosenbaum and Sikiru Adepoju , among others .
 the only Pakistanis in attendance often plays with Muruga Booker in the Global Village Ceremonial Band , and with Michael Wolff & Impure Thoughts .
 In 2004 , the only Pakistanis in attendance worked with Richie Havens on the album The Grace of the Sun .
 In the first half of 2006 , the only Pakistanis in attendance traveled to Japan in order to appear in a tribute for David Baker , David Baker recently deceased recording engineer and friend .
 In addition to tabla , the only Pakistanis in attendance also plays a variety of percussion instruments including shakers , bells , rain stick , and flexatone .
 the only Pakistanis in attendance notable students include Geoffrey Gordon .
 In 2008 , the album Miles From British India in 1945 , a tribute to Miles Davis on which the only Pakistanis in attendance appeared , received a Grammy nomination .
 Unlike many tabla players , the only Pakistanis in attendance does not come from a family of professional musicians and is essentially self-taught , although the only Pakistanis in attendance studied with the only Pakistanis in attendance late maternal uncle Dwijendra Chandra Chakraborty as a child , and also studied briefly with Alla Rakha .
 Consequently , the only Pakistanis in attendance playing is freer than that of many other tabla players , who adhere more strictly to the tala system of Indian rhythm .
 the only Pakistanis in attendance often plays a set of up to eight tabla and two baya at a time , which the only Pakistanis in attendance plays melodically as well as rhythmically
Ahir Bhairav is a Hindustani classical raga .
 Hindustani is a mixture of Ahir Bhairav and the ancient but now rare raga Ahiri or Abhiri , or perhaps a mixture of Ahir Bhairav and Kafi .
Pa and Sa are sometimes avoided in ascending .

 The descend can be direct , but is often expressed as S n D P m , G m Gr ~ S with a slight oscillation on komal re to express the character of Ahir Bhairav .
 Also there may be impressions of Kafi , the image of Ahir Bhairav is easily maintained with the characteristic passage n D n/r ~ S. Specially the characteristic Ahir Bhairav andolan on komal re .
 Sometimes shuddha Ni is used in the lower octave to emphazise the Ahir Bhairav character .
The Carnatic music equivalent to this raga is Chakravakam .
Ahir Bhairav is typical uttarang raga , which means emphasis is on the upper tetrachord .
The second Prahar of the morning , around 6 - 9 AM .
Wasif-ud-din Dagar , Music Today Cassette : A97015 , ; Chalo sakhi braj raje .
Ravi Shankar , HMV LP , Three Classical Ragas 1957 , free improvisation and Gat in Rapuktala
Ustad Abdul Rashid Khan is a vocalist of Hindustani music genre .
 Ustad Abdul Rashid Khan belongs to the musical tradition of Miya Tansen .
 Apart from khayal , Ustad Abdul Rashid Khan sings dhrupad , dhamar and thumri with equal versatility .
 Ustad Abdul Rashid Khan was born in a family of musicians tracing back to Behram Khan , who was a singer of traditional the Gwalior Gayaki gharana gayaki .
 Ustad Abdul Rashid Khan fathers elder brother Bade Yusuf Khan and Ustad Abdul Rashid Khan father initially trained Ustad Abdul Rashid Khan .
 Ustad Abdul Rashid Khan father Chhote Yusuf Khan was His father Chhote Yusuf Khan guru .
 This was followed with extensive taleem from His father Chhote Yusuf Khan family elders , like Chand Khan , Barkhudar Khan , Mahtab Khan who had imbibed the Gwalior Gayaki .
 His father Chhote Yusuf Khan further developed this style suiting His father Chhote Yusuf Khan own artistic sensitivity .
Khans traditional compositions have been recorded by the BBC and Iraq Radio .
 Organizations like Uttar Pradesh Sangeet Natak Academi , Lucknow and ITC Sangeet Research Academy , Press club Kolkata have recorded and preserved more than 1500 compositions .
 During the past several decades , Uttar Pradesh Sangeet Natak Academi has been a regular performer on Akashvani and Doordarshan Lucknow .
 Ustad Abdul Rashid Khan has participated in many national and regional conferences like Sadarang Conference , Godrej Conference , Lucknow Mahotsav , Dover Lance Conference , ITC Sangeet Sammelan , Prayag Sangeet Samiti Sangeet Sammelan all over India and has been felicited by Critics , fellow artists and many reputed recognized institutions like Uttar Pradesh Sangeet Natak Academy , , Banaras Hindu University , Eastern Zone cultural center and Press club Kolkata .
 Ustad Abdul Rashid Khan has composed more than two thousand compositions and is also a prolific writer and poet under the pseudonym Rasan Piya .
 Many compositions that Ustad Abdul Rashid Khan sings are Ustad Abdul Rashid Khan own creations .
 Ustad Abdul Rashid Khan has trained numerous students in Ustad Abdul Rashid Khan lifetime .
 Ustad Abdul Rashid Khan is now a guru at ITC Sangeet Research Academy , Press club Kolkata .
 Ustad Abdul Rashid Khan has been a member of the All India Radio Audition Committee , New Delhi and has been awarded with many titles by the different reputed organizations like Sangeet Maharishi , Sangeet Sartaz , Rassagar , Bandish Samarat
Vishwanathbuwa Jadhav , also referred as Proudh Gandharva or with title Pandit , was an Indian Hindustani classical khyal singer .
He was a celebrated disciple of Ustad Abdul Karim Khan , the founder of Kirana gharana .
He learned under Ustad from 1906 until Ustads death in 1937 under the gharanedaar style of teaching with one student at a time .
He also took lessons from Ustad Nissar Hussein Khan of Gwalior gharana .
Jadhav was appointed as the darbar gayak of the former princely state of Kolhapur by Chhatrapati Shahu Maharaj in 1920s .
He had also been invited to perform on various occasions by Krishna Raja Wadiyar IV , the Maharaja of Mysore State .
 In 1938 , he was also bestowed with the title of Proudh Gandharva by Krishna Raja Wadiyar IV .
He used to also perform at the royal functions of Sangli State .
 Being friends with Pandit Dinanath Mangeshkar , Pandit Dinanath Mangeshkar has also taught the veteran Bollywood singer Lata Mangeshkar in her childhood days at Sangli State .
Jadhav also composed music for films in the early talkie era .
He was the music composer of the 1937 film Gangavataran .
The film was written and directed by Dadasaheb Phalke s , who is known as the father of Indian cinema .
 It was the first sound film and the last film to be directed by Dadasaheb Phalke .
 In 1938 , Dadasaheb Phalke also composed music for the mythological film Dhurva Kumar based on Dhruva s story .
The film starred actors Kumar Prabhakar and Raja Paranjape .
On 4 April 1952 Pandit Vishwanathbuwa Jadhav was honoured by the first President of India - Dr. Rajendra Prasad at the golden jubilee celebrations of the Gandharva Mahavidyalaya at Delhi .
Jadhav has three sons , Pandit B.V. Jadhav , Pandit R.V. Jadhav , Pandit P.V. Jadhav , who are also classical Hindustani singers .
At Nashik , they have setup and loom after the Pandit Vishwanathbuwa Jadhav Memorial Committee which promotes Hindustani music .
In May 2012 , the committee submitted a collection of about 500 notations of various bandishes that Jadhav preserved of his learning from his gurus Ustad Nissar Hussein Khan and Ustad Abdul Karim Khan , to a Pune based group Pune Bharat Gayan Samaj
Jeffrey Scott Martin is a Canadian guitarist and singer-songwriter best known for fronting the rock band The Tea Party .
 Jeffrey Scott Martin began Jeffrey Scott Martin career as a solo artist in October 2005 , when The Tea Party disbanded .
 Jeffrey Scott Martin began playing guitar as a child and in his adolescence played in bands The Shadows , Modern Movement and The Stickmen .
 In 1988 , Jeff Burrows graduated from Sandwich Secondary School along with future Tea Party bandmates Jeff Burrows and Stuart Chatwood .
 Jeff Burrows went on to study music at the University of Windsor before leaving Jeff Burrows studies prematurely due to philosophical differences with Jeff Burrows music professor .
 Jeffrey Scott Martin has perfect pitch , as highlighted on The Science of Rock n Roll , an episode of Daily Planet on Discovery Channel Canada .
 Forming The Tea Party in 1990 after a marathon jam session at the Cherry Beach Rehearsal Studios in Toronto , Jeffrey Scott Martin produced all of The Tea Partys albums , including Jeff Burrows and Stuart Chatwood eponymous debut album in 1991 , distributing it through the bands own label , Eternal Discs .
 In 1993 The Tea Party signed to EMI Music Canada and released Jeff Burrows and Stuart Chatwood first major label recording entitled Splendor Solis .
 Jeffrey Scott Martin employed open tunings to imitate Indian instruments such as the sitar , something Jeffrey Scott Martin has continued to employ throughout Jeffrey Scott Martin career .
 Further developing The Tea Partys sound in 1995 , The Edges of Twilight was recorded with an array of Indian and Middle-eastern instrumentation while Jeffrey Scott Martin drew lyrical inspiration from occult themes and pagan influenced literature .
 Upon returning from successful tours in Discovery Channel Canada , Europe and Australia in 1996 , The Tea Party went onto record Canada known as Alhambra , an Enhanced CD which features acoustic re-recordings of songs from The Edges of Twilight , followed by a brief tour around Canada known as Canada known as Alhambra acoustic and eclectic .
 Transmission , released in 1997 , saw Jeffrey Scott Martin first foray into electronica , with Jeffrey Scott Martin conceding that Transmission was an honest attempt at going somewhere poetically where most people would be unnerved to go .
 Transmission was very dark , extremely angry and you could only listen to Transmission in a certain mindset .
 I mean for I , going to where I went with Transmission , almost destroyed I .
Triptych followed in 1999 ; the first single Heaven Coming Down rose to # 1 on Canadian radio .
 Lyrically , Jeffrey Scott Martin was less enigmatic than Jeffrey Scott Martin was on previous albums : on Triptych Jeffrey Scott Martin wrote about the experiences of Jeffrey Scott Martin years in the band .
 After releasing , a singles compilation , in 2000 and Illuminations , a DVD compilation of music videos which Jeffrey Scott Martin remixed in Surround sound , The Tea Party released The Interzone Mantras in 2001 and Seven Circles in 2004 .
In October 2005 , The Tea Party disbanded due to creative differences .
 The band members regrouped in 2011 for a series of shows in The band members native Canada .
The success of these dates led to The Tea Party reforming permanently .
 Jeffrey Scott Martin debut solo album titled Exile and the Kingdom was released in Discovery Channel Canada and Australia in 2006 .
 Among those who worked with Jeffrey Scott Martin were Michael Lee and Ritesh Das .
The first single , titled The World is Calling , is an open letter to the Bush administration .
 During this time Jeffrey Scott Martin was supposed to collaborate with Scott Stapp but it did not ensue .
 In November 2006 , Jeffrey Scott Martin released a live album recorded that September , titled Live in Brisbane 2006 .
The two-disc album features Ritesh Das and the Toronto Tabla Ensemble , and consists of both solo and Tea Party songs .
 The album is a complete recording of a live performance full of Jeff Burrows banter with bandmates and the audience , including Jeff Burrows thoughts on the disbanding of The Tea Party and where Jeff Burrows sees Jeff Burrows in life .
 In May 2007 , Jeffrey Scott Martin released Jeffrey Scott Martin second live album Live in Dublin recorded with drummer Wayne P. Sheehy , while Martins first solo music DVD Live at the Enmore Theatre was released through Shock DVD in July 2007 .
 In early 2008 Jeffrey Scott Martin and Wayne P. Sheehy formed The Armada .
The bands debut album , which features a similar sound to the Tea Party , was released on 4 November 2008 .
 In 2010 , Jeffrey Scott Martin began work on new music with Jay Cortez and Malcolm Clark for a new album to be entitled The Ground Cries Out under the new bandname of Jeff Martin 777 .
 On January 10 , 2011 , the title track from the album was released on Jeffrey Scott Martin myspace page .
 The Ground Cries Out was released in Discovery Channel Canada on March 1 , 2011 and has subsequently been released in Australia .
 Following a Jeff Martin 777 Canadian tour , the band toured Australia from May 2011 .
 During the tour Jeffrey Scott Martin announced a reunion of The Tea Party for some Canadian shows in July 2007 and August .
Following the success of those shows , The Tea Party announced the reunion was permanent .
 Jeffrey Scott Martin has also produced albums for other artists including Hundred Mile Houses EP , The Jay Murphy Bands Propaganda and Tenth Planets The Prophet Curse EP .
 Jeffrey Scott Martin also played upon Roy Harper s The Green Man .
 Jeffrey Scott Martin recently produced the new album for Australian dark rock band The Eternal called Under A New Sun .
The album features a duet with singer Mark Kelson on the track The Sleeper .
 Jeffrey Scott Martin wife Nicole gave birth to their first child in December 2004 in King Edward Memorial Hospital , Perth , Western Australia , named Django James Patrick after Jeff Burrows heroes Django Reinhardt and Jimmy Page .
 The song Daystar from Exile and the Kingdom was written for Martins wife Nicole .
 June 19 2011 , Jeff Burrows became a father for the second time to a baby boy with Byron Bay Photographer , Kate Nutt .
 Jeffrey Scott Martin maintains a studio in Byron Bay , Australia
Sunanda Patnaik is an Indian classical singer of Gwalior gharana from Odisha .
 Popularly known as guruma , Sunanda Patnaik is considered one of the great dames of Hindustani music .
 Sunanda Patnaik is the daughter of legendary Oriya poet Baikunthanath Patnaik .
 Sunanda Patnaik started singing at All India Radio in Cuttack in 1948 at the age of 14 .
 The then Odisha Governor Asaf Ali once heard Sunanda Patnaik on Radio and was very impressed with Sunanda Patnaik singing and Sunanda Patnaik became a regular fixture at the Raj Bhavan whenever the Governor had guests .
 Once , President Rajendra Prasad heard Sunanda Patnaik at Puri .
 President Rajendra Prasad was very impressed with Sunanda Patnaik singing and arranged Sunanda Patnaik training under Pandit Vinayak Rao Pattavardhan at Pune with a scholarship .
 Sunanda Patnaik was awarded with the degree of Masters in Music by Pune School in 1956 .
 Sunanda Patnaik performed at All India Sadrang Sageet Sammelan in Calcutta in September 1957 were Sunanda Patnaik received 13 gold coins.Since then has done many concerts in India and is known internationally .
 Sunanda Patnaik is best known for Sunanda Patnaik tarana that Sunanda Patnaik sings at a high pace and is considered one of the best contemporary interpreters of Odissi music .
 Sunanda Patnaik has been staying at Kolkata since 1983 .
 Sunanda Patnaik received Odisha Sangeet Natak Akademi award in 1970-71 .
 Sunanda Patnaik received Indian lifetime achievement award in 2009 and lifetime achievement award from The Orissa society of the Americas in 2012 .
 Sunanda Patnaik is the recipient of sangeet natak academy award for the year 2012 .
 The degree of doctor of literature was conferred to Sunanda Patnaik by the Utkal University in 1999 and the degree of doctor of music was conferred by the Akhil Bharatiya Gandharva Mahavidyalaya Mandal in 1975 .
 Nilamadhada is a National Film Award - winning documentary film about Nilamadhada .
The film was directed by Sri Dilip Patnaik and produced by Films Division .
 It won the Best Biographical documentary for the year 2010 at the 58th National Film Awards in India
Asad was born in 1963 to the famous violinist K.H. Qizilbash , who introduced many talented Pakistani musicians to the world , Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan among others .
 After attending a concert performed by India 's most legendary Sarod player , Amjad Ali Khan , Asad decided to devote Amjad Ali Khan to the instrument .
 As a result Asad listened to many recordings by Amjad Ali Khan , practising the Sarod and putting Asad mind and soul into the Sarod .
 The discovery of Asad master 's live performance became the paradigm for his music .
 In 1992 Asad became the only recognised Sarod player in the country and five years later Asad received Ganda Band Shagerd of Ustad Amjad Ali Khan in New Delhi .
 Asad Qizilbash started learning violin when K.H. Qizilbash was around 8 years old .
 At 10 years age , K.H. Qizilbash was asked to perform in a function patronized by UNICEF : The Universal Children Day , Islamabad .
 It was K.H. Qizilbash first public performance .
Asad Qizilbash became a performing member of the Childrens Art Workshop at the Pakistan National Council of Arts .
 K.H. Qizilbash was playing violin and the guitar .
 K.H. Qizilbash remained member of this workshop till 1982 , when K.H. Qizilbash left for the Middle East .
 During those days K.H. Qizilbash used to play daily at the workshop .
 At that same period , K.H. Qizilbash signed a contract with the Pakistan Television PTV .
Asad Qizilbash was selected with some other musicians to represent Pakistan at the Attaturk Festival , in Ankara .
 K.H. Qizilbash was playing violin and guitar .
This was an invitation from the Radio-Television authorities of Turkey .
 The same year Radio-Television met Ustad Amjad Ali Khan in Pakistan at the Attaturk Festival , for the first time .
 KASBEY QAMAL , a television serie by the Pakistan Television PTV where Asad Qizilbash performed the Sarod and violin .
PANGNAT , a television series by the PTV where Asad Qizilbash was performing for the musical background .
Sarod concerts at the Tagore Institute in Bonn , Federal Republic of Germany .
Since his return to Pakistan in 1992 , Asad Qizilbash is mainly playing the Sarod .
His talent is largely recognized and he has performed already in four Rag Rang .
These are very exclusive concerts reserved only for classical musicians of the highest level .
RASELAY LOG a television series by the PTV where Asad Qizilbash was performing sarod .
SATNBY STUDIO , a special program run during the election campaign where Asad Qizilbash was participating in a music event with other musicians .
Asad Qizilbash performs live at the Marcus Mingus Jazz Club in Brussels , Belgium .
 Asad performs for Peter Gabriel 's WOMAD in the UK .
 Chinese Minister of Culture invites Asad to perform on the 7th Asia Art Festival in Foshan .
 Asad Qizilbash performs live at the Tree & Leaf in Brussels and at the Dranouter Festival for the Pax Mundial project with Patrick Riguelle and Jan Hautekiet .
 Asad also plays on the track Bodyless Friend by Sutrastore .
 Asad Qizilbash signs a publishing , recording and production contract with womb Editions in Brussels .
 Together with Andrew Goldberg and Pely , Asad recorded Andrew Goldberg first solo album , The Magic of the Sarod .
 From a total of 90 minutes of recorded music , K.H. Qizilbash performs live , four Ragas and one traditional Folk Tune ranging between early morning and midnight moods
Surbahar , , sometimes known as bass sitar , is a plucked string instrument used in the Hindustani classical music of North India .
 Surbahar is closely related to the sitar , but has a lower tone .
Depending on the instruments size , it is usually pitched two to five whole steps below the standard sitar , but Indian classical music having no concept of absolute pitch , this may vary .
The instrument can emit frequencies lower than 20 Hz .
The surbahar is over 130 cm .
 Surbahar uses a dried gourd as a resonator , and has a neck with very wide frets , which allow a glissando of six notes on the same fret through the method of pulling .
The neck is made out of tun , or teak wood .
 Surbahar has four rhythm strings , four playing strings , and 15 to 17 unplayed sympathetic strings .
There are two bridges ; the playable strings pass over the greater bridge , which is connected to the tabli with small legs , which are glued in place .
The sympathetic strings pass over the smaller bridge which is directly glued on the tabli .
The main bridge has a slightly bent upper surface which results in a droning sound , because the vibrating span of the strings quivers ever so slightly .
The instrumentalist plays the strings using a metallic plectrum , the mizrab , which is fixed on the index finger of the players right hand .
Three plectrums are used to play the dhrupad style of alap , jor , and jhala on surbahar .
In the dhrupad style , instead of performing the sitarkhani and masitkhani gats , the instrumentalist plays the slow dhrupad composition in accompaniment with pakhawaj .
Some researchers believe that surbahar was invented around 1825 .
Though the invention is generally attributed to Ustad Sahebdad Khan , recent research shows that Lucknow - based sitarist Ustad Ghulam Mohammed may have been the inventor
Anant Lal , often referred to by the title Pandit , was an Indian classical musician and teacher who played the shehnai .
Lal was born in Varanasi , in the northern Indian province of Uttar Pradesh , in 1927 .
The oboe - like shehnai had been a musical instrument played in his family for over 200 years , and he initially received tuition from his father , Pandit Mithai Lal , as well as his uncles , from the age of nine .
 Later , Lal became a student of thumri vocal teacher Pandit Mahadev Prasad Mishra of Varanasi .
In addition to the shehnai , Lal played bamboo flute , known as the bansuri .
 Following the example of master musician Bismillah Khan , Bismillah Khan dedicated Bismillah Khan musical career to furthering the role of the shehnai in Hindustani classical music , since the instrument had traditionally been reserved for religious ceremonies .
 Lal established Bismillah Khan as a staff artist for All India Radio , with whom Bismillah Khan served until 1987 .
 Among Bismillah Khan works as a performer and recording artist in India , Bismillah Khan played with sitar virtuosos Ravi Shankar and Debu Chaudhuri .
 In 1974 , Shankar chose Lal to join his Music Festival from India revue , which was the largest Indian orchestra to perform in Europe up to that time .
 In addition to recording a studio album in England with Shankars ensemble , released on George Harrison s Dark Horse Records in 1976 , Lal toured Europe with the Music Festival .
 His fellow performers included leading figures of Indian classical music - among His fellow performers , Alla Rakha , Lakshmi Shankar , Shivkumar Sharma , Hariprasad Chaurasia , Sultan Khan and L. Subramaniam .
 As on the Music Festival from India album , Lals featured spot as a soloist was on the piece Kajri ; the debut performance , filmed at Londons Royal Albert Hall on 23 September 1974 , was released on DVD in 2010 , as part of the four-disc box set Ravi Shankar-George Harrison , Collaborations .
Lals own recordings include Splendour in Shehnai , issued in 1990 on the T-Series record label .
Also a teacher , in the Benares gharana tradition , his students included modern shehnai players Shanjeev Shankar and Daya Shankar .
His grandson , Anand Shankar , also trained under Lal , before dedicating himself to the tabla .
In 1984 , Lal received the Uttar Pradesh Sangeet Natak Akademi Award .
 Five years later , he was honoured with a national Sangeet Natak Akademi Award , the highest recognition afforded artists in India .
Lal died on 3 March 2011 , aged 84 , from a heart attack .
Along with Daya Shankar , his musician sons include shehnai player Ashok Kumar and flautist Vijay Kumar
He was born Husseinuddin Dagar , the youngest son of Allabande Khan .
 He other three brothers , Nasiruddin , Rahimuddin and Imanuddin Khan Dagar , were also famous singers of Dhrupad style .
 Nasiruddin decided to return to the familys original religion , became a Hindu , and took the name Tansen Pande .
 Nasiruddin son Saeeduddin Dagar is a Dhrupad performer who resides in Pune in western India
Rattan Mohan Sharma is an Indian classical vocalist .
 Rattan Mohan Sharma sings in Hindustani style of music .
 Rattan Mohan Sharma performs in classical music forms like Khayal , Tarana , Dhrupad , Haveli Sangeet , Tappa and also in light classical forms and folk music including Bhajan as well as Rajasthani Folk .
 Rattan Mohan Sharma is anA grade artist on All India Radio .
Rattan Mohan Sharma was born in Rajasthan to Padma and Mohan Lal Sharma .
 Rattan Mohan Sharma is the nephew of classical vocalist , Pandit Jasraj .
 It was found that young Rattan had an affinity towards percussion instruments so till the age of 15 , young Rattan also learned tabla .
Rattan Mohan Sharma hails from the illustrious Mewaati Gharana and belongs to the family of vocalist like Pandit Motiram , Pandit Maniram , Pandit Pratapnarayan , and Pandit Jasraj .
 Rattan Mohan Sharma has performed solos in many concerts and festivals in India and abroad .
 Rattan Mohan Sharma performs regularly at the classical music festivals , Pandit Motiram Pandit Maniram Sangeet Samaroh organized by Pandit Jasraj and Harivallabh Sangeet Sammelan , Sawai Gandharva Bhimsen Festival .
Also a successful music director and composer giving music to a number of tele-serials and private albums .
Rattan Mohan Sharma is married to Ekta Sharma and has a son , Swar Sharma
Late Pt .
Vishwanath Rao Ringe Tanarang born on 6 December 1922 was a Hindustani Classical Music vocalist and composer .
He belonged to Gwalior Gharana of Hindustani Classical Music .
He composed more than 2000 bandishs in about 200 ragaas , for which he has been enlisted in Limca Book of Records .
He wrote couple of books in past named Sangitanjali and Swaranjali and a recent book ` Aacharya Tanarang ki Bandishen ` was published .
Pt .
Ringe was the disciple of late Pandit Krishnarao Pandit of Gwalior gharana .
 Ringe started learning music from Ringe childhood .
 Ringe received rigorous and intensive training and full guidance as a performer Khyal Gayakee , in Gwalior Gharana style .
 In 1939 , Ringe established a music school named Bhartiya Sangeet Kala Mandir .
More than 2000 compositions in about 200 raagas , have been composed in various Talas .
Viz ... Ektal , Deepchandi , Tritala , Tilwada , Chanchar , Dadra , Keharva , Jhaptala , Ada-Choutal , Roopak etc. .
 Pt Ringe had Ektal composed a Raga Hemashri , which Ektal has Rendered in All India Radio Programme .
 Ektal compositions include Bada Khyal , Chota Khyal , Chaturang , Tarana , Sadra , Sargam , Tillana , Sur Sagar .
Sur Sagar is a unique composition , in which the lyrics are same as the notes .
Pt .
 Ringe died at the age of 83 at Ringe residence in Indore , Madhya Pradesh in 2005 .
Limca Book of Records for Most Compositions in Year 1999 ; Page # 222 .
Indo American Whos Who Vol II - for Most Compositions in Year 1999 ; Page # 493 .
Reference Asia Vol II for Most Compositions in year 1986 ; Page # 143 .
Indo European Whos Who Vol I for Most Compositions in year 1996 ; Page # 524 .
Biography International Vol III and Vol IV for Most Compositions in year 1992 - Page # 810 .
 Sangeet Praveen from Shankar Gandharv Mahavidyalaya , Gwalior .
 Sangeet Bhaskar from Shankar Gandharv Mahavidyalaya , Gwalior .
Indo American Whos Who Vol II .
New Delhi : FI Publication .
Reference Asia Vol II .
New Delhi : Rifacimento Organisation .
Indo European Whos Who Vol I. New Delhi : FI Publication .
 Biography International Vol III and Vol IV .
New Delhi : South Asia Publication Company
Dagar Gharana is a dhrupad-based stylized singing founded by Ustad Behram Khan .
Some of its popular present day vocalists are Gundecha Brothers .
An award Dagar Gharana Award was instituted in 1981
Pandit Motiram Pandit Maniram Sangeet Samaroh is an annual Indian classical music festival held at Chowmahalla Palace in Hyderabad , India .
 The festival is organised by noted classical singer Pandit Jasraj in memory of noted classical singer Pandit Jasraj father and brother , both classical musicians of repute .
 Some of the finest exponents of Indian Classical music perform at the festival on the invitation of Pandit Jasraj and he always performs on 30 November every year , his fathers death anniversary and a tribute to Pandit Jasraj 's guru , his mentor and his elder brother , Pandit Maniram , who died in 1986 , and noted classical singer Pandit Jasraj renamed the festival to include noted classical singer Pandit Jasraj brothers name .
 The festival was started in 1972 by Pandit Jasraj because of noted classical singer Pandit Jasraj bond with Hyderabad as noted classical singer Pandit Jasraj spent noted classical singer Pandit Jasraj childhood here and noted classical singer Pandit Jasraj father , Pandit Motirams Samadhi is in the city .
 Maharaja Kishan Prasad Bahadur took Maharaja Kishan Prasad Bahadur father to Chowmahalla Palace .
The festival was held at various venues like Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan , CIEFL , Nizam College , and since 2009 it is held at Chowmahalla Palace .
The entry to the event is free .
Renowned Hindustani vocalist Pandit Jasraj will enthral music lovers of twin cities on November 30 at the Chowmahalla Palace as part of the 41st Pandit Motiram Pandit Maniram Sangeet Samaroha .
The will be free .
The music festival is organised from November 29 to December 1 at the same venue , with the last day having the ` Idea Jalsa ' music concert , clubbed with the festival this time , said Durga Jasraj .
 The 38th annual festival was held at Chowmahalla Palace from 29 November 29 to 1 December 1 .
 The 38th annual festival was held between 27-30 November 29 that included Pritam Bhattacharjee , Pandit Shiv Kumar Sharma , Tripti Mukherjee , Pandit Ulhas Kashalkar , Kalari Academy of Performing Arts , Suman Ghosh , Munnawar Masoom , Shashank Subramanyam , Yogesh Samsi , Pandit Jasraj .
 The 38th annual festival was held on 29 and 30 November 29 .
Performers include Sabir Khan and Vidushi Sudha Ragunathan , Niladri Kumar , Sanjeev Abhyankar , Rattan Mohan Sharma and Pandit Kumar Bose , Hemang Mehta and Dr. N.Rajam , Pandit Vishwa Mohan Bhatt .
Pandit Jasraj performed on the last day of the festival .
 Pandit Jasraj , Shahid Parvez , Shashank Subramanyam , Vocalist Pritam Bhattacharjee , Vijay Ghate , Ajay Pohankar , Manjari Chaturvedi and Sanjeev Abhyankar .
The festival was hosted by Durga Jasraj .
 Pandit Jasraj performed on the first day , 30 November 29 .
Niladri Kumar and zitar , Taufiq Qureshi , Pandit Dinesh , Anand Sharma and Vijay Ghate , bhajan singer Anup Jalota performed at the festival .
Hariprasad Chaurasia , Vikku Vinayakram and Selva Ganesh , percussion wizards , Mandolin U. Shrinivas and Pandit Jasraj performed .
Ustad Amjad Ali Khan , Raja Kale , Padma Subramanyam and Dr. L. Subramaniam
Kirana Gharana is one of the most prolific Hindustani khyal gharanas .
 the Kirana Gharana was founded in 13th-century by Gopal Nayak , a dhurpadiya or dhrupad singer , and a Hindu court musician based in Kairana , a town in present Shamli district in Uttar Pradesh .
 However , later Gopal Nayak embraced Islam , and soon Gopal Nayak mastered the khayal tradition .
One of its important exponent were Abdul Karim Khan and Abdul Wahid Khan and later Ameer Khan and Bhimsen Joshi .
 The name of this school of music derives from the Kirana Gayaki or Kairana , a town and tehsil of Shamli District in Uttar Pradesh .
 It is the birthplace of Ustad Abdul Karim Khan , who was one of the most important musicians of this gharana and of Hindu music in general in the twentieth century , and considered by some to be the real founder of the Kirana Gharana , while the roots of the tradition can be traced back to Ghulam Ali great-grandfather Ghulam Ali and Ghulam Maula , the brother of Ghulam Ali .
A frequent visitor to the Court of Mysore , Ustad Abdul Karim Khan was also influenced by Carnatic music .
 Much to the credit of Abdul Karim Khan , today most Hindustani musicians from Karnataka are exponents of Kirana Gharana and Kirana Gharana has imbibed many of the features of the Carnatic tradition .
 Particularly the culturally fecund border region between Karnataka and Maharashtra is famous for its tradition of the Kirana school of singing .
Another towering figure of this gharana in the early 20th century was Abdul Karim Khan 's cousin Abdul Wahid Khan .
It was late in the nineteenth century that the two ustads Abdul Karim Khansahab and Abdul Waheed Khansahab revolutionized the very concept of khayal gayaki by introducing the vilambit or the slow tempo method to delineate the raga note by note .
In the Kirana Gayaki , the individual swaras of the raga are considered not just random points in the scale but independent realms of music capable of horizontal expansion .
Mind blowing , emotion drenched pukars in the higher octaves form a part of the musical experience .
 Another unique feature of this gharana is the highly intricate and ornate use of the sargam taan which was improvised by Ustad Abdul Karim Khansahab as a direct influence of the Carnatic classical style .
Favorite ragas of performers from the Kirana gharana include Todi , Lalit , Multani , Patdeep , Puriya , Marwa , Shuddha Kalyan , Darbari Kanhara , and Komal-Rishabh Asavari .
Noted Marathi thespian PuLa Deshpande has pointed out that performers from the Kirana gharana have had a soft corner for the Komal Rishabh note of the Indian Classical Music scale .
The ragas mentioned above as Kirana favorites support this observation
Vilambit is an introductory slow tempo , or laya , between 10 and 40 beats per minute , used in the performance of a raga in Hindustani classical music .
For major ragas , the vilambit portion generally takes up two-thirds or more of the performance , and is followed by a short drut to conclude the performance
Agra Gharana is a tradition of Hindustani classical vocal music descended from the Nauhar Bani .
So far , Nauhar Bani has been traced back to around 1300 AD , during the reign of Emperor Allauddin Khilji of Delhi .
The first known musician of this tradition is Nayak Gopal .
The style prevalent then in the Gharana was `` Dhrupad-Dhamar '' .
Ustad Ghagghe Khudabuksh introduced the `` Khayal '' style of Gwalior Gharana into Agra gharana which Khudabaksh learnt from Natthan Paribaksh of Gwalior .
Furthermore the Khayal style of Atrauli Gharana was added in the late 19th century .
The gayaki of the Agra Gharana is a blend of khayal gayaki and Dhrupad - Dhamar .
In training , both the khayal and dhrupad components run hand in hand and are not taught in an isolated fashion .
 This is obvious from the svaroccara of the Agra Gharana which demands that the projection of voice be more forceful and voluminous than encountered in khayal gayaki.The svarocarra of the gharana also hints the reminiscent of Dhrupad in which swaras are uttered open and bare .
 Most khayal performances by artists of Agra gharana commence with the nom - tom alaap , a tradition unique to the Agra gharana .
Different facets of a raga are displayed with the help of bandish or cija while the raga is liberated using vistaar .
 The use of bandish or cija for performing a raga is ubiquitous in all Hindustani classical music gharanas but cija or bandish occupy a special position in the teaching methodology of the Agra Gharana .
 This is the only Gharana that has still continued to sing Dhrupad-Dhamar '' along with Nom-Tom Alap , Khayal , Thumri , Tappa , Tarana , Hori , Dadra , Ghazal , Kaul , Rasiya etc
Bhaskar Raghunath Bakhale was a Hindustani classical vocalist , a composer , and a teacher .
Bhaskar Bakhale was born in an impoverished migrant Karhade Brahmin family in Kathor , a village in Gujarat , India .
 Bhaskar Raghunath Bakhale early training was in dhrupad and kirtan from Vishnubuwa Pingale in Vadodara .
 The royal family of Vadodara arranged for musical lessons in the school run by Vadodara court musician Maula Baksha .
 The royal family of Vadodara then became a child artist at Kirloskar Natak Mandali , a musical theatre troupe of Annasaheb Kirloskar where The royal family of Vadodara had the ganda-bandhan ceremony with Bande Ali Khan , a Rudra Veena performer from Kirana employed by the court of Indore .
 Faiz Mohammed Khan of Gwalior gharana taught Faiz Mohammed Khan of Gwalior gharana in Vadodara 1886-1897 and then recommended further training from Natthan Khan of Agra gharana , a court musician at Jaipur and Mysore , and the father of Vilayat Hussein Khan .
 This apprenticeship continued in Mysore and Dharwad till the demise of Natthan Khan in year 1901 .
In 1899 , Natthan Khan recommended further training from Alladiya Khan , the founder of Jaipur-Atrauli gharana and a court musician of Kolhapur .
 Starting year 1901 , Bhaskar Raghunath Bakhale learnt from Alladiya Khan , Bhaskar Raghunath Bakhale brother Haider Khan , and Bhaskar Raghunath Bakhale nephew Natthan Khan .
 Bhaskar Raghunath Bakhale apprenticeship with Alladiya Khan continued interrupted until Bhaskar Raghunath Bakhale own death in 1922 .
 Overcome with Bakhales memories , Alladiya Khan broke down and abruptly ended occasionally assisted Alladiya Khan 1922 Mumbai recital at the residence of Seth Vitthaldas ; the recital was to celebrate the birthday of Seth Vitthaldas and was attended by Shahu Maharaj , the king of Miraj , the king of Dewas , and other dignitaries .
 During 1883-1885 , Bhaskar Raghunath Bakhale performed as a child artist in the stage plays of Kirloskar Natak Mandali where Bhaurao Kolhatkar , Moroba Wagholikar , and Balakoba Natekar earned much fame as singers of folksy and light classical stage songs .
 After completing his training in classical music , Bhaskar Raghunath Bakhale returned as a classical vocalist in year 1899 or so .
 During 1897-1901 , he served as a professor of music at a training college in Dharwad .
 Starting year 1901 , he was based in Mumbai and Pune but performed throughout Gujarat , India and Nepal .
He was given the honorary title Deva Gandharva .
His notebook lists dhrupads and dhamars learnt by him but he rarely performed those in public .
 His typical recital comprised khyal ragas and an assortment of dadra , tappa , thumri , bhajan , songs from Marathi stage plays , and traditional Marathi light classical forms .
He also had a successful career as the music director of Kirloskar Natak Mandali and , afterwards , of Gandharva Natak Mandali .
 Govindrao Tembe benefited from Bhaskar Raghunath Bakhale advisement in composing music for the stage play Sangeet Manapman .
 Bakhale then composed music for new Marathi musical theatre stage plays such as Sangeet Vidyaharan , Sangeet Swayamwar , and Sangeet Draupadi by adopting These compositions from classical Hindustani music .
 These compositions continue to be performed on stage and in Hindustani classical recitals .
 Several musicians , including Kumar Gandharva , Vasantrao Deshpande , and Anand Bhate , have released recordings presenting Several musicians interpretations of Bal Gandharva s renditions of these compositions .
 Bhaskar Raghunath Bakhale taught and mentored Bal Gandharva from year 1906 until Bhaskar Raghunath Bakhale own death , and also brought Ahmed Jan Thirakwa to Gandharva Natak Mandali as its tabla maestro .
 In year 1911 , Bhaskar Raghunath Bakhale started Bharat Gayan Samaj , an institute to teach music in Pune ; the institute had an institute to teach music in Pune centenary in year 2011 .
 Disciples to receive Bhaskar Raghunath Bakhale full formal training were Bal Gandharva , Tarabai Shirodkar , Bapurao Ketkar , and Master Krishnarao Phulambrikar ; among these , Bal Gandharva received training specifically for stage songs only and not for classical vocal .
 Bhaskar Raghunath Bakhale also taught others including Dattatreya Bagalkotkar , Narahar Patankar , Gundopant Walawalkar , Ganapat Purohit , Harishchandra Bali , Bhai Lal Amritsari , and Dilip Chandra Vedi .
 Bhaskar Raghunath Bakhale also taught Ganesh Ramachandra Behare , a disciple of Abdul Karim Khan , for one year .
 Govindrao Tembe , who was his close associate starting 1901 , had no interest in career as a vocalist and , instead , adopted Bhaskar Raghunath Bakhale teachings for harmonium playing .
 Bhaskar Raghunath Bakhale taught Kesarbai Kerkar for 5 months in year 1914 and occasionally assisted Alladiya Khan in teaching her after she became Alladiya Khans student in year 1921 .
 Bhaskar Raghunath Bakhale also taught Vilayat Hussein Khan on a limited basis .
Among these , Govindrao Tembe had a 50 year long career as a harmonium player , as a music composer for stage plays and films , as an author of 5 books and several articles on music and musicians , and as a member of the central audition board of All India Radio .
 Bal Gandharva , Master Krishnarao , Vilayat Hussein Khan , and Kesarbai Kerkar had long careers as Several musicians and eventually became recipients of Padma Bhushan and Sangeet Natak Akademi Award instituted by the Government of Gujarat , India .
 Around year 1920 , Tarabai Shirodkar , held in high regards by many including Kesarbai Kerkar , renounced singing and retired to private life at a young age of 30 ; starting 1946 , Tarabai Shirodkar made a few live recordings for All India Radio before passing away in 1949 .
 Dilip Chandra Vedi became a disciple of Faiyaz Khan of Natthan Khan of Agra gharana gharana after Bhaskar Raghunath Bakhale death and had a long career as a vocalist and as an instructor of music at Bharatiya Kala Kendra , New Delhi .
pt ram marathe is the famous disciple of bhaskarbua .
 Bhaskar Raghunath Bakhale was one of the first vocalists to receive traditional training from multiple gharana systems .
 Since the turn of the 17th century , Hindustani classical music had become a stronghold of Muslim musicians and Balakrishnabuwa Ichalkaranjikar was one of the few Hindustani vocalists to earn fame at Hindustani in the 19th century .
 Muslim toured and taught extensively in the states of Maharashtra , Gujarat , and Karnataka .
 The next generation of Hindustani musicians from these states included Bhaskar Raghunath Bakhale , Vishnu Digambar Paluskar , Ramakrishna Vaze , and Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande who did much to liberate the teaching and dissemination of classical music and to create an honorable social status for professional musicians .
 Unlike Paluskar and Bhatkhande , Bhaskar Raghunath Bakhale introduced no radical reforms in the teaching methodology or in organizational aspects of this movement .
 However , Bhaskar Raghunath Bakhale personal concerts , rapport with other musicians , and compositions for stage plays -- rendered popular by Bal Gandharva , Keshav Bhosale , Dinanath Mangeshkar , and others -- was a major factor in cultivating a taste for classical and semi-classical music in Marathi speaking population of Gujarat , India .
B. R. Deodhar has observed that this contribution is one of the reasons why western India developed and remained as a major force in classical Indian music starting the turn of the 19th century .
 Bhaskar Raghunath Bakhale was universally regarded an ideal and perfectly balanced vocalist but .
 Bhaskar Raghunath Bakhale creative contribution to Hindustani classical music itself is suspect since Bhaskar Raghunath Bakhale composed no new Raga and apparently introduced no major technical innovation either .
 Bhaskar Raghunath Bakhale has left no recorded legacy .
 Gramophone Company had unsuccessfully arranged for two sets of Bhaskar Raghunath Bakhale recordings in year 1911 .
 No trace of Bhaskar Raghunath Bakhale style or musical approach exists today apart from what can be discerned from his semi-classical compositions for stage plays .
 His manuscript on all Hindustani classical compositions learnt by him , including the full repertoire of Faiz Mohammed Khan of Gwalior gharana , was in preparation at the time of his death .
Shaila Datar , a musician married to his grandson Sudhir , has since completed this project and has released the book .
 Bharat Gayan Samaj , set up by Bhaskar Raghunath Bakhale in Pune , organizes musical recitals in his memory and observes his anniversaries .
 Kalyan Gayan Samaj , set up in Mumbai in year 1926 as a homage to Bhaskar Raghunath Bakhale , is active in music circles and organizes a conference titled Deva Gandharva Mahotsav annually .
Pracheen Kala Kendra in Chandigarh holds a conference titled All India Bhaskar Rao Nritya and Sangeet Sammelan annually .
Pune University annually confers a Pt .
Bhaskarbuwa Bakhale Award on the student standing first in its Bachelor of Arts program in the music discipline .
 Mumbai University annually confers a similar award on the student standing first in Mumbai University Master of Arts program in the music discipline
Gajanan Anant Joshi also Gajananbuwa Joshi was a unique and versatile vocalist and probably the greatest violinist in the field of Hindustani music .
Pandit Gajananrao Joshi also known , respectfully and affectionately , as Gajananbuwa Joshi came from a family of musicians .
 His grandfather Manohar had studied dhrupad and dhamar , and His grandfather Manohar father Anant Manohar Joshi was a distinguished khayal singer who had studied under Balakrishnabuwa Ichalkaranjikar .
Gajananbuwa studied gayaki of Gwalior gharana under his father and also under other teachers in whom he found something to learn , and assimilated other styles in his art .
 His other gurus were Vazebuwa of Gwailor Gharana , Vilyat Hussein Khan from Agra gharana , Bhurji Khan from Jaipur-Atrauli gharana and Pandit Vinayakrao Ghangrekar for Tabla , a live performance .
Pandit Gajananbuwa Joshi was a highly skilled violin player by the age of 20 .
His students include vocalist and violinist Madhukar Joshi , Vikas Kashalkar , Ulhas Kashalkar , Padma Talwalkar , and violinist Shridhar Parsekar .
He also taught vocalists Kaushalya Manjeshwar , Shubhada Paradkar , Veena Sahasrabuddhe and Jayashree Patnekar .
 His daughter Malini , sons His grandfather Manohar , Buwa 's son Madhukar Joshi and Narayan are also trained musicians .
His sons variously took to singing , violin , and tabla .
 His grasp was so quick that His grasp is said that Kesarbai Kerkar did not like to have Kesarbai Kerkar attend Malini concerts because Kesarbai Kerkar could quickly incorporate Malini strengths in Kesarbai Kerkar own singing .
 Buwa worked as a Professor of the Hindustani Art Music at the Faculty of Music , University of Mumbai in 1970 .
He also worked as a Music Advisor to All India Radio from 1956 to 1968 at Mumbai , Indore and Lucknow Radio Stations .
 His autobiography and his compositions for Violin written by him was published in the form of a book by the renowned Mouj Publishing House in Mumbai .
Throughout his life , Gajananbuwa was invited to participate in almost all the major music conferences , festivals and events all over India .
In addition he was also invited to go to Nepal and Pakistan to take part in Music Programmes .
Buwa received the following prestigious awards for his contribution to Indian Classical music both as a violinist and a vocalist .
An award given in 1982 by the ITC Sangeet Research Academy , a Trust promoted by ITC Limited , Calcutta .
Tansen Samman given by the Government of Madhya Pradesh in 1985 .
 Gajananbuwa 's first and principal Guru was his father Pandit Anant Manohar Joshi affectionately called Ustad Rehamat Khan Saheb Antubuwa .
His family and many of his disciples used to address him as ` Baba ' .
 Ustad Rehamat Khan Saheb Antubuwa was born in 1881 in a small village ` Kinhai ' near Aundh in Satara District in Maharashtra State .
Antubuwa 's father Pandit Manoharbuwa was also a singer gifted with a melodious and sweet voice .
 Pandit Manoharbuwa 's performances were so impressive that in a concert where other musicians were also performing Antubuwa 's father Pandit Manoharbuwa would be the last performer ; an honour normally bestowed upon the ` best ' musician in a gathering of several musicians .
 Pandit Manoharbuwa unfortunately died when Ustad Rehamat Khan Saheb Antubuwa was only seven years of age .
 Antubuwa 's mother after some preliminary training in the Hindustani Art Music to Antubuwa by one Mr. Ayachit approached the great Balkrishnabuwa Ichalkatnjikar who agreed to teach Antubuwa .
 Balkrishnabuwa Ustad Rehamat Khan Saheb Antubuwa was a highly accomplished and eminent musician of Gwalior Gharana Gayaki .
 Ustad Rehamat Khan Saheb Antubuwa received training from Balkrishnabuwa himself for about eight to nine years after which Ustad Rehamat Khan Saheb Antubuwa began Ustad Rehamat Khan Saheb Antubuwa own career as a Gwalior Gharana Vocalist initially as a court singer of the princely state of Aundh .
 As luck would have it Ustad Rehamat Khan Saheb Antubuwa got an opportunity to travel with and accompany on Tanpura the Great Ustad Rehamat Khan Saheb whose father was Ustad Haddu Khan Saheb one of the originators of the Gwalior Gharana .
Needless to say that exposure to Ustad Rehamat Khan Saheb 's Gayaki enriched Antubuwa 's Gayaki .
 After couple of years in the company of Ustad Rehamat Khan Saheb Antubuwa settled in Mumbai and started his own school of music .
 In addition to teaching , Ustad Rehamat Khan Saheb Antubuwa also wrote and published books for learners of music .
 However , due to the changed circumstances in Ustad Rehamat Khan Saheb Antubuwa life Antubuwa left Mumbai and returned to Aundh as a court singer of the Aundh State .
 Ustad Rehamat Khan Saheb Antubuwa services were welcomed by the well cultured and supporter of arts the prince Balasaheb Pantapradhinidhi .
 Young Gajanan was already showing signs of a sharp and intelligent learner of Young Gajanan father 's music .
In Mumbai Antubuwa 's school was open for nearly eight hours .
So young Gajanan was exposed to music for a long time on a daily basis .
 However Gajananbuwa 's face to face training from Ustad Rehamat Khan Saheb Antubuwa started in Aundh .
The initial musical conditioning of Gajananbuwa took place under his father 's tutoring .
The seeds of pure Gwalior Gayaki were thus sown in the fertile mind of Gajananbuwa at a very tender age .
 Although Gajananbuwa later mastered the Gayaki of Jaipur-Atrauli and Agra Gharanas his first and last love always remained the Gayaki of Gwalior Gharana .
In fact his Violin playing mostly was based on Gwalior Gayaki .
 It is interesting and quite revealing how a good grasp by Gajananbuwa of his father 's Gayaki was observed by none other than the great Ustad Faiyaz Khan Saheb of Agra Gharana .
Gajananbuwa had an opportunity to meet Ustad Faiyaz Khan Saheb in Mysore .
 his Guru Ustad Bhurji Khansaheb asked Buwa to sing for three consecutive days .
Buwa responded by singing for an hour or so on each day .
After the third day 's singing session of Gajananbuwa Faiyaz Khan Saheb asked Buwa how-come Buwa picked up the Gayaki of Ustad Rehamat Khan Saheb given that Buwa would not even have seen Rehamat Khan Saheb let alone listened to Rehamat Khan Saheb 's music .
 This is an excellent example of how a sensitive and intelligent young boy learnt the Gayaki of Gajananbuwa Faiyaz Khan Saheb father Antubuwa whose Gayaki in turn was influenced by Rehamat Khan Saheb 's Gayaki !

Giving a judgement on his sons progress in Music Antubuwa as a Guru of young Gajanan observed that .
 `` Young Gajanan was very intelligent and quick to pick up with ease - like a blotting paper - the various features of Gayaki !
 Young Gajanan had an inherent talent for rhythm .
 Young Gajanan also learnt ` Jaltarang ' Harmonium , and Sitar .
 Young Gajanan thus learnt both Gwalior Gayaki and instrumental music at a young age '' .
Listening to Antubuwa 's performance is like going close to the original roots of Gwalior Gayaki the Gayaki that Gajananbuwa preserved and enriched throughout his life .
 Master Krishnaro a friend are couple of anecdotes about Ustad Rehamat Khan Saheb Antubuwa that give some insight in the depth of Antubuwas thinking about the Hindustani Art Music .
 One of Gajananbuwas disciples gave Master Krishnaro a friend maiden performance in the Shivanand Sangeet Mahotsava in Aundh .
 After Master Krishnaro a friend performance was over , the somewhat nervous disciple approached Ustad Rehamat Khan Saheb Antubuwa and asked how did Master Krishnaro a friend - i e the disciple performed .
 Ustad Rehamat Khan Saheb Antubuwa asked the disciple what Raga Ustad Rehamat Khan Saheb Antubuwa rendered .
The disciple named the Raga .
The young disciple was eager to learn Antubuwas response .
After a pause Antubuwa said Well , Now that you have rendered such and such Raga , when would you start SINGING the MUSIC .
We leave the reader to work out the relevance of this story .
 On another occasion whilst teaching one of his disciples Ustad Rehamat Khan Saheb Antubuwa said : A Raga is not a flat in Bombay with two doors .
It is a palace with hundred doors !

The same concept about Raga that it has many faces was described by a metaphor of an elephant who can be viewed by many angles .
The vocalist who described it was another great musician of recent times - Pandit Kumar Gandharva .
Perhaps this is an example of how great minds think alike !

Pandit Antubuwa passed away in 1967 in Gajananbuwa 's house in Dombivali .
For an in depth analysis of Antubuwas Music please refer to Dr Ashok Da Ranades book They lit the way .
Some anecdotes in Gajananbuwas life and career as a Musician : .
antubuvaanii buvaaNnaa ptraatuun lihile tujhii srv gaaykaaNnii hRdyaapaasuun taariiph kelii .
tii aikuun dhny jhaalo .
mii tulaa shikvle tyaace ciij jhaale !

 In Gwalior on listening to Gajananbuwa in his vocal concert many music lovers and singers remarked to Ustad Rehamat Khan Saheb Antubuwa that his sons performance was matchless - without an equal !
Antubuwa in his letter to his son wrote I was so happy to hear so many singers admiring your singing from the bottom of their hearts .
I got my reward of being your Guru !

This fascinating event is narrated by Shri Baburao Joshi of Kolhapur .
 Baburao Joshis was the president of the famous Deval Music Club in Kolhapur when this event took place .
What follows is a brief paraphrased version in English of Baburao 's original piece in Marathi .
 `` A programme to pay reverence and to honour the legendary actor singer Bal Gandharva for the legendary actor singer Bal Gandharva immortal contribution to Marathi the Palace Theatre and the Hindustani Art Music took place in the Palace Theatre in Kolhapur .
 The princess of the Kolhapur State Taraabi Saheb was the chief guest .
The organisers of the event had also arranged a violin recital of Pandit Gajananbuwa with an accompaniment on Tabla by Ustad Thirakhwa Khan Saheb .
Bal Gandharva was one of Buwa 's heroes .
Buwa started the recital with Raga Mulatani .
Buwa was in an excellent mood and spirit to pay his own respects to Bal Gandharva .
 Buwa 's Mulatani on Violin and khansaheb 's accompaniment on Tabla , a live performance overwhelmed the audience with joy !
No sooner the clapping noise of the audience was over than Buwa played the opening notes of the landmark song ` Narawar Krishna Saman ' .
Not only did the lyrical , playful and romantic rendering of Buwa 's violin almost mesmerised the audience but Bal Gandharva himself spontaneously uttered vaa vaa , devaa clapping his hands !

 The excerpts from Baburao Joshis original piece in Marathi are given below : .
pd sNpl .
kaarykrm sNplaa .
pnn buvaa aanni khaansaaheb yaaNcii jodd ` ii mnaatuun hllii naahii !

A similar event took place later in Pune .
The location was the N M V High School .
On the grounds of the school a stage was built to celebrate Master Krishnaraos 60th Birthday .
Master Krishnaraos friends , fans , and disciples had organised a three day festival of music .
 Musicians from different parts of India participated in the celebration .
 Among Musicians from different parts of India were Bade Gulam Ali Khan Saheb , Ustad Ajamat Hussain Khan Saheb , Gajananbuwa , and Ustad Thirakwa Khansaheb .
Gajanabuwa was an admirer of Master Krishnarao .
 When Buwas turn came to play violin Buwas started Buwas recital with Raga Jogkans .
As usual Buwas extempore rhythmic work and Khansahebs equally ingenious accompaniment more than pleased the listeners .
Before Buwa started to play the second piece , Master Krishnarao who was sitting in the front made a request to Buwa .
 Ustad Rehamat Khan Saheb Antubuwa !
 Ustad Rehamat Khan Saheb Antubuwa !
Master Krishnarao asked Buwa to play Narwar Krishna Samman .
To witness this extraordinary concert was once in a lifetime opportunity !
 Buwas violin was singing the tender and loving poem about Rukimini falling in love with Narwar Krishna Samman .
Master Krishnarao and other celebrity musicians were showering the spontaneous responses to Buwas performance !
 Master Krishnaro a friend was the live music making at Buwas performance best where the musicians and the listeners became one !

The significance of these two events is not easy to appreciate for many of us .
Here was Bal Gandharva one of the greatest singers of all time who had sung this song ` Narawar Krishna Saman ' thousand times on the stage .
 the legendary actor singer Bal Gandharva had almost ` lived ` this song !
 Master Krishnaro a friend was Master Krishnaro a friend , a colleague and a Guru Bandhu of Bal Gandharva .
 Master Krishnaro a friend had acted with Bal Gandharva and would have listened to Narawar Krishna Samaan thousand times .
 Ask the question : What was it that Bal Gandharva and Krishnarao found in Buwa 's rendering of the song that so much appealed to Bal Gandharva and Krishnarao ?
Only Bal Gandharva and Master Krishnarao would know the answer to this question .
However let us venture to guess or speculate an answer : .
Music is an abstract art form .
 Through the Hindustani Art Music a musician may be searching some kind of experience that transcends the material world , an experience that is spiritual .
 That search may be for the ultimate beauty , ultimate truth , God or Brahman or whatever you may call That search .
Geniuses like Bal Gandharva and Master Krishnarao perhaps did get that feel of spiritual experience in their own music making .
It may be that their own experience of singing a song like Narawar Krishna Samaan mirrored in the act of listening to Gajananbuwas rendering of this song .
May be they re-experienced , relived that feel of the transcendental in Gajananbuwas music !

For Gajananbuwa to receive such an accolade from Narayanrao and Master - as Buwa often used to refer to Bal Gandharva and Krishnarao-must have been one of the finest and satisfying moments in his life .
There can not be a better evidence than these two concerts described above to support a value judgement that Gajananbuwa was probably the Greatest Violin Player if such an evidence is needed at all !

We see here an interesting chain of connections .
Ustad Alladiya Khan Saheb - the Mount Everest of Hindustani Classical Music had applauded Bal Gandharvas Gayaki .
Bal Gandharva and Master Krishnarao applauded Gajananbuwas singing violin .
Buwa was a disciple of Alladiya Khansahebs disciple and son Ustad Bhurji Khansaheb .
Bal Gandharva and Master Krishnarao were disciples of Alladiya Khan Sahebs disciple Pandit Bhaskarbuwa Bakhale !

 For most music listeners whatever Bal Gandharva and Master Krishnarao level of competence and knowledge in the Hindustani Art Music there clearly is some indescribable magic in Buwa 's rendering of ` Narwar Krishna Saman ' .
That magic is as fresh today as it was then .
 In 1950-51 , an all-India music conference was organised in Bharatiya Vidyabhavan in Mumbai that was broadcast by All India radio .
 Gajananbuwa was invited to play Buwas Violin and so was Ustad Thirkhwa Khasaheb to accompany Buwa .
Another well known Tabla player of Banaras Gharana the well known Pandit Samta Prasad was also an invitee to the conference .
 Pandit Sampta Prasad having heard that Thirkhawa Khansaheb was to accompany Gajananbuwa , asked the AIR management why am Shri Baburao Joshi of Kolhapur not accompanying Gajananbuwa ?

He is such a well known musician .
Why only Thirkhawa Khansaheb should accompany Gajananbuwa ?

 After some discussion between Buwa , AIR management and Thirkhawa Khansaheb , his Guru Ustad Bhurji Khansaheb suggested that both Samta Prasad and the well known Pandit Samta Prasad shoud accompany Buwa .
In the end it was agreed that both the Tabla masters would individually accompany Buwa .
Rarely two great Tabla players were so eager to accompany a great instrumentalist !

 Master Krishnaro a friend is a real treat for you .
 Gajananbuwa plays Raga Mulatani and his Guru Ustad Bhurji Khansaheb accompanies Raga Mulatani on Tabla , a live performance , a live performance .
Please visit Pandit Gajananbuwas Website for more information .
Pandit Gajananbuwa was one of the most versatile musicians of his time .
Indeed you could argue that he was a unique musician .
 Master Krishnaro a friend is a brief summary of the key facts of Gajananbuwa 's life .
 Master Krishnaro a friend was a child prodigy .
 Master Krishnaro a friend started translating the musical configuration - Tanas - in the musical notation - Saragama - at a young age .
 Of course one could argue that Buwas talent at a young age was not a surprise because Buwas was the son of the Great Pandit Antubuwa Joshi !

He was one of the few musicians who had mastered the Gayaki of three different Gharanas - i.e. Singing style of three musical traditions - schools .
It is difficult enough to learn and grasp the Gayaki of one Gharana .
 the Gayaki of one Gharana takes many years may be a lifetime to master the Gayaki of a single Gharana .
Buwa however mastered the traditions of three musical schools in one lifetime .
He was probably the only Musician of an exceptionally high standard who was both a vocalist and an instrumentalist .
Indeed he is rightly credited to have introduced the use of violin to play the Indian Classical Music .
He was an undisputed grand master of Laya - Rhythm .
 He was an illustrious Guru who generously taught , trained and passed on his knowledge and Gayaki on a one to one basis to many noted musicians of today who continue the tradition of Gayaki on a one to one basis to many musical style .
Buwa had an unending thirst to learn music , understand music , master music , widen his knowledge of music , and get a deep insight in music .
The obvious way to quench his thirst was to expose himself to the Gayaki of various established musicians of his time and then to learn and master the Gayaki of different Gharanas .
Mastering the Gayaki of a given Gharana naturally involved mastering new Ragas and new compositions .
However a question arises as to what was the source of Buwa 's thirst for being a lifelong learner of music ?
What motivated him ?

 The source of such hunger to learn may have lied in his sheer sense of wonder and excitement about the beauty and the depth of the vast Universe of the Hindustani Art Music .
After learning and mastering Gwalior Gharana Gayaki from his father Pandit Antubuwa a young , ambitious and upcoming Buwa came in contact with other musical traditions .
 Being aware of his own strength in terms of his sharp intellect , excellent memory , quick grasp of the musical material presented , fertile imagination and also the limitation of the quality of his poor voice he seems to have chosen the Gurus and the Gharanas that matched the Gurus musical background and the Gurus strength and limitations .
Thus he started his musical journey as a child learning from his father the great Pandit Antubuwa .
His further musical growth came about when he became a disciple of Pandit Vazebuwa .
 It was Vazebuwa 's complex Gwailor Gayaki that attracted Gajananbuwa to the Gurus .
 This was followed by the Gurus progress to the beautifully structured , logically precise and tightly woven complex Gayaki of Jaipur-Atrauli Gharana under the tutelage of the Gurus Guru Ustad Bhurji Khansaheb .
 And finally in the Gurus late forties to enrich the Gurus Gayaki further he became a disciple of Ustad Vilayat Hussain Khansaheb to master the rhythm based ` Nom Tom ' Gayaki of Agra Gharana .
A remarkable and unique journey indeed !

He almost invariably sang Khyal in his performances .
He presented a given Raga in a well defined framework of a given Gharana .
 His remarkable talent was such that in singing a Jaipur-Atrauli Gharana Raga say there would be no trace whatsoever of the Gayaki of another Gharana .
He did sometimes start with ` Nom Tom ' of Agra Gharana and would continue singing a Khyal in Gwailor Gharana Tradition .
But the two parts of his performance would be distinct , and the movement or flow from Nom Tom to Aalapi would be smooth and natural .
 There would never be any mixture of Aalapi or Tana Patterns or phrases of the Gayaki of two or more three different Gharanas .
An extraordinary feat !

One of the key lessons Buwa learnt from his Guru Vazebuwa was how to unravel or unfold a given Raga .
 The result of mastering this lesson from the Gurus was that in Gajananbuwa 's performances a listener would often experience both the clarity and simplification of complex patterns of Tanas .
The so-called conceptual or intellectual Gayaki of Jaipur Gharana sounded less complex in Buwa 's presentation .
His voice as a result of a continuous and rigorous daily Riyaz of many hours had acquired extraordinary weight and perfect tunefulness .
His tremendous and legendary hard work to Improve the quality of his voice is well documented .
One is reminded of a wonderful quote by Nietzsche the great German Philosopher : .
 Shri Baburao Joshi of Kolhapur know of no better life purpose than to perish in attempting the great and the impossible .
Far from perishing Gajananbuwa overwhelmingly succeeded in acquiring his weighty , tuneful and sonorous voice .
A broken earthen pot transformed into a golden jar !

 The great Hirabai Badodekar once after attending Buwa 's concert in Pune in an annual Ganapati Festival generously complimented Buwa by saying Buwa , you are so exceedingly perfect in your tunefulness .
It seems that underlying Buwa 's musical journey there was a search for ORDER .
Music can be defined as ordered sound in time .
 Buwa 's love for Laya , his complete mastery of Talas and rhythm , his restlessness to learn the Jaipur Gayaki - that is the very incarnation of the concept of order in a musical form - after he heard Surshree Kesarbai and his eventual success in mastering the Jaipur Gayaki are all examples of his instinctive and natural love for ` ORDER ' .
Some mathematicians define Mathematics as the science of order .
 We may describe the Hindustani Art Music as an Art of order .
 If Gajananbuwa had chosen to be a Mathematician it is more than likely that he would have made some significant contribution to Mathematics .
But the world of Hindustani Art Music is fortunate that he became a singer .
 For otherwise the Indian Classical Music would have lost one of the finest vocalist of recent times who only lived for MUSIC - to learn , to teach and to perform the Hindustani Art Music !

For an excellent technical and lucid exposition of Buwa 's Gayaki , please check out Dr Ashok Da Ranade 's beautifully written essay in his book : Some Hindustani Musicians .
They Lit The Way .
Dr. Ashok Ranade a well known Musicologist and scholar was a disciple of Buwa .
The above book is published by Promilla & Co in association with Bibliophile South Asia .
To listen to Gajananbuwas vocal music please visit to the following link : .
 Buwas Violin is capable of expressing precision , power , agility and a kind of mystical or spiritual beauty .
 In the hands of a creative musician or a composer Buwas Violin has the ability to convey a deep emotion or a range of emotions imaginatively and intensely .
In other words violin is capable of extraordinary lyricism .
 Buwas Violin is THE key string instrument in the Western Classical Music .
 A western Classical Symphony without a violin is like Valmiki 's Ramayan without Rama or Shakespeare 's play Hamlet without the character of Hamlet .
Symphony is considered the highest form of musical expression in the Western Classical Music .
The Raga Sangeet - The Raga Based Musical System - is the highest form of musical expression in the Hindustani Art Music .
Pandit Gajananbuwa 's greatest achievement was to introduce violin to the world of Hindustani Art Music .
 Note however that Buwa went well beyond simply introducing Buwas Violin to Hindustani Art Music .
He was and remains probably the Greatest Violinist in the field of Hindustani Art Music .
The entry of violin in Buwa 's life was an accident and a happy accident at that for the world of Hindustani Music !
Buwa 's father the great Antubuwa was a court singer in the small princely state of Aundh in Maharashtra .
The prince of Aundh was a culturally refined person .
 The Prince of Aundh The Prince of Aundh was a KIRTANKAR - kiirtnkaar .
 The Prince of Aundh had an old violin that The Prince of Aundh gave to Ustad Rehamat Khan Saheb Antubuwa so that young Gajanan can accompany the Prince in Young Gajanan story telling recitals.Gajanan who was only a young boy obeyed Young Gajanan father and thus started his career as a violinist .
Gajananbuwa had no formal training or guidance from any one whatsoever in the technique of using and playing the violin .
There was no guidance to him about the intrinsic properties of a violin so that he can make proper use of such properties in his music making .
In short Buwa was a totally self trained violinist .
He naturally developed his technique to suit the musical material he wanted to present on the violin .
What was this material ?
 It was his rich repertoire of Raga Sangeet that consisted of new Ragas , compositions and Gwalior Gharana Gayaki .
What other musical material Buwa presented on his violin ?

Buwa was somewhat conscious of the not-so-good quality of his voice and may have felt that his voice was not adequate to sing the feel of the lighter musical phrases of Murakis or Khatakas to convey the lyricism of non-khyal genres of Hindustani Art Music .
Add to that his love and admiration for Bal Gandharva and Master Krishnarao .
 Is it a surprise then that he found violin to be the best vehicle to play the famous songs from Marathi Musical the Palace Theatre and Dhuns in Ragas Kafi , Khamaj , Mand or Pilu ?
His semi classical pieces on violin revealed his romantic , playful , lyrical and imaginative musical mind .
What he lost in his adolescence by way of his broken voice was at least partially gained by his acquiring a superb mastery of violin .
Buwa exploited his proficiency in playing violin with a vengeance !
In almost every violin concert Buwa presented at least one Dhun or a Natya Song to the delight of his listeners .
But more importantly he fruitfully engaged in exploring the world of semi classical Hindustani Music .
 What is remarkable is that Gajananbuwa 's musical genius as a whole shows Gajananbuwa 's musical genius as a whole masterful grasp of a wide range of musical genres .
 In Gajananbuwa 's musical genius as a whole vocal mode Gajananbuwa 's musical genius as a whole sang only khyals of the three three different Gharanas .
 In Gajananbuwa 's musical genius as a whole violin playing Gajananbuwa 's musical genius as a whole created Gajananbuwa 's musical genius as a whole own compositions and rendered them in Gajananbuwa 's musical genius as a whole Khyal Gayaki idiom .
 And Gajananbuwa 's musical genius as a whole displayed Gajananbuwa 's musical genius as a whole creativity in the semi classical genres that allowed Gajananbuwa 's musical genius as a whole a free play of Gajananbuwa 's musical genius as a whole imagination .
 In Gajananbuwa 's musical genius as a whole violin playing Gajananbuwa 's musical genius as a whole love and mastery of the rhythm and Talas gave Gajananbuwa 's musical genius as a whole sufficient scope to display Gajananbuwa 's musical genius as a whole aggressive rhythmic work using Gajananbuwa 's musical genius as a whole forceful and somewhat rough bow work .
 Is his Violin playing a wonder that music lovers all over India enjoyed Gajananbuwa 's musical genius as a whole violin concerts when Ustad Thirkhawa Khan Saheb accompanied Buwa on Tabla , a live performance .
Here was an astounding treat to the music lovers when these two outstanding musicians would be improvising the dazzling magic of rhythmic patterns within the fixed framework of a given Tala !

 Despite Buwa 's popularity as a violinist and his presence in the numerous concerts and musical conferences all over India , Buwa 's true love was his Gayaki in vocal mode .
He was the son of a great vocalist Pandit Antubuwa and his ambition was to be equally a great vocalist in his own right and continue the tradition of Antubuwa 's Gayaki .
He did succeed in fulfilling his ambition .
But in addition , thanks to the prince of Aundh 's gift of the violin to Buwa , Hindustani Art Music received a precious gift of Gajananbuwa 's violin that SANG Classical and semi classical music !

 The expression singing violin can be truly and justifiably applied to Buwas violin .
To listen to Gajananbuwas music on violin visit the following link : .
Padmashree Ulhas Kashalkar , Dr. Arun Kashalkar , Dr. Vikas Kashalkar .
Jayashree Patnekar , Padma Talwalkar , Shubhada Paradkar , Kaushalya Manjeshwar .
Dr.Ashok Ranade , Veena Sahasrabuddhe , Shaila Datar , Kunda Weling , .
Buwa 's son Madhukar Joshi , Buwa 's daughter Sucheta Bidkar and Buwa 's granddaughters Pallavi Joshi and Apoorva Gokhale .
 Master Krishnaro a friend is a web link for Gajananbuwas one to one tuitions Master Krishnaro a friend gave to Master Krishnaro a friend disciples .
 Whenever Buwa sings a Jaipur-Atrauli Gharana composition he presents his structured rhythmic work more beautifully than the vocalists of Jaipur Gharana .
That surely has to be acclaimed as Buwas triumph !

K D Dikshit was a senior executive at All India Radio , a writer , music critic and above all a music connoisseur .
aaj yaa jnmdaatyaa gvaalher ghraannyaacii thoddiiphaar vaataahaat jhaalelii diste , triisuddhaa pNddit gjnaanaabuvaa joshii yaanii gvaalher gaaykiicii dhvjaa uNc phddkaavt tthevlii aahe .
Mr Vamanrao Deshpande - Musicologist , singer and critic : .
In the current somewhat run-down state of the Gwailor Gharana Gayaki that is the mother of other Gharanas , Pandit Gajananbuwa Joshi is at the forefront of Gwailor Gharana carrying forward its rich tradition .
Professor G H Ranade in the Sangeet Natak Academy Journal Number 4 writes : .
Gajananbuwa is ranked today , as a master of musicians .
In his own turn , he has added one more feather to his cap , by mastering the art of playing the violin , in a class by himself .
 Antubuwas greatest contribution to music is thus personalised in Antubuwas greatest contribution to music son Gajananbuwa .
What a wonderful compliment !

 The best combination heard in the Sammelan was violin by Gajananrao Joshi of Bombay and tabla by Karamatullah Khan of Calcutta .
Both played with inspiration and verve and opened up new vistas of aesthetic enjoyment .
Joshis Raga Khamaj was intensely lyrical and was enlivened by occasional counterpoints .
 Joshis Raga Khamaj dancing reproduced by Karamatullah Khan of Calcutta on tabla , to which the latter added Joshis Raga Khamaj own inimitable fluttering notes .
 Katamatullah could have stood on Katamatullah own without occasional histrionics which detracted from the dignity of the occasion .
This is a rare gem .
Not many violin players have played GAVATI in this style .
 Variety shown is indeed awesome.Those who have heard GAVATI in this style live will bless you for ever .
 Thanks a ton for uploading Jaijaivanti by Ustad Rehamat Khan Saheb Antubuwa ... Shri Baburao Joshi of Kolhapur had listened to a 25-30 min recording in Shree by Ustad Rehamat Khan Saheb Antubuwa ... Shri Baburao Joshi of Kolhapur was stunned after listening to Shree ... What a wonderful compliment ! a style of singing ... And Gajananbuwa is equally amazing during the vocal support .
There is no doubt that Pandit Gajananbuwa Joshi is legendary and will continue to delight his fans all over the world .
 Shri Baburao Joshi of Kolhapur have listened to a few tracks on the AudioFarm website and before Shri Baburao Joshi of Kolhapur had never heard of Pandit Gajananbuwa Joshi or his pieces .
 Shri Baburao Joshi of Kolhapur have bookmarked the AudioFarm Pandit Gajananbuwa Joshi page and will listen to it in Shri Baburao Joshi of Kolhapur spare free time .
Gajananbuwas vocal rendering of Bhimpalas is superb .
 What is interesting about Buwas performance is that Buwas starts with Nom Tom .
 Shri Baburao Joshi of Kolhapur recently listened to Faiyaz Khansahebs DES .
Outstanding !
 Shri Baburao Joshi of Kolhapur just love Nom Tom of his Guru Ustad Bhurji Khansaheb , Dhrupad vocalists , Gajananbuwa and Ratnjankarbuwas few pieces among other musicians of Agra Gharana .
For me the way these singers perform Nom Tom is like a Bhakta asking the GOD of SWARS to bless them - the singers - by showing the inner beauty of the Swaras that is somehow hidden from them .
The singers are telling the God of Swaras - try as much as they do , the secret of that divine beauty of the Swars is some how not within their reach .
 Hence their surrender to the SWARAS through the Nom Nom Tom to Aalapi !!

 May be Gajananbuwa was attracted to Agra Gharana for Agra singing of Nom Tom .
 Of course having mastered the singing of Agra Gharana , Gajananbuwa had an advantage of presenting a given Raga in Agra Gharana Gayaki .
 Is the singing of Agra Gharana a wonder that in many of his performances he would start with Nom Tom of Agra Gharana and follow the presentation in Gwailor Gharana style .
 This is precisely what Buwa does in his performance of Bhimpalas .
What a delightful performance !

 In Shri Baburao Joshi of Kolhapur opinion a sonorous voice , strong fundamentals of music , a very good sense of laya and honesty towards art are the distinct features of Gajananbuwa that make his music dear to the ear .
Practice lessons prepared by Bach - one of the greatest Composers of the Western Classical Music - are similar to Gajananbuwas tuition piece for the Raga Deskar.-Bachs work has become a part of the Western Classical Music repertoire and indeed a concert piece !
The piece is called Well-Tempered Claviers .
 In Shri Baburao Joshi of Kolhapur view Buwas tuition piece such as the Palatas in Sargam in Raga Deskar as it stands would be a concert piece and may well have the same place in the Indian Classical Music as Bachs Well-Tempered Clavier has a place in Western Classical Music .
 The legendary Bal Gandharva once said to Ustad Rehamat Khan Saheb Antubuwa the father of Gajananbuwa : .
 Ustad Rehamat Khan Saheb Antubuwa , it is no surprise that your son Gajananbuwa sings Gwailor Gayaki so well .
 After all Ustad Rehamat Khan Saheb Antubuwa was brought up at home with your Gwailor Gayaki .
But Gajananbuwa presents the Jaipur Gharana Gayaki also with such mastery and confidence .
This appreciation coming from Bal Gandharva speaks volumes about Gajananbuwas Jaipur Gayaki !
 Note also that Bal Gandharva the legendary actor singer Bal Gandharva was taught by Pandit Bhaskarbuwa Bakhale a disciple of Ustad Alladiya Khansaheb the founder of Jaipur Atrauli Gharana .
Here is a comment by Pandit Sujan Rane of New Jersey USA on Gajananbuwas performance of the famous song Dehata Sharanagata in Manapman on violin .
Pandit Rane was a desciple of Pandit Firoz Dastur of Kirana Gharana .
 The recording of Buwas presentation of Dehata Sharanagata almost brought tears to Shri Baburao Joshi of Kolhapur eyes .
Only Chhota Gandharva could sing such varieties .
 Again Shri Baburao Joshi of Kolhapur was fortunate to accompany Chhota Gandharva at Balmohan School , Dadar when Shri Baburao Joshi of Kolhapur was learning Classical Music .
 Shri Baburao Joshi of Kolhapur remember that Chhota Gandharva had sung Dehata Sharanangata in four different ways at public demand , at Ravindra Natya Mandir way back in 60s .
The emperor of Tabla the Great Ustad Thirakhawa Khan Saheb said about Pandit Gajananbuwa : .
 To date Shri Baburao Joshi of Kolhapur have not seen such a fearless artist among Brahmins .
 This comment was his Guru Ustad Bhurji Khansaheb compliment to and appreciation of Buwas adventurous , aggressive , extempore and perfect rhythmic work in general and in particular when his Guru Ustad Bhurji Khansaheb was accompanying Buwa on Tabla .
Is it a wonder that Buwas Violin and Khansahebs Tabla accompaniment was always a real treat to the music lovers and even the Great Grand Masters like Bal Gandharva and Master Krishnrao !
Ruhaniyat - The All India Sufi & Mystic Music Festival .
Ruhaniyat - The All India Sufi & Mystic Music Festival is a music festival held in across India .
It is organised by Mumbai - based cultural organisation Banyan Tree Events between November and March every year .
 This Sufi festival is one of the biggest of This Sufi festival kind , and is held in Mumbai , Delhi , Bangalore , Chennai , Kolkata , Pune and Hyderabad .
Musicians from various parts of India -- sufi qawwals , mystic musicians , Kabir panthis , and Bauls -- perform at the festival .
The Ruhaniyat festival started in 2001 , the brainchild of Mahesh Babu and Nandini Mahesh , the Directors of Banyan Tree Events , to promote sufi and mystic music has evolved into a prestigious event .
Ruhaniyat means Soulfulness .
The festival features the best of maestros in classical , folk and sufi music , discovered from the interiors of remote Indian villages , Turkey , Egypt , Syria etc. .
Parvathy Baul , Warsi Brothers , Ateeq Hussain Khan , Jari Sufi compositions of Azan Fakir of Manipur , Hafiza Begum Chaudhury , Kabirpanthis Prahlad Tippania from Devas in Madhya Pradesh , Jagar music by Rakesh Bhatt , Vithal Rao etc
Faiyaz Wasifuddin Dagar is an Indian classical singer of the dhrupad genre and the son of dhrupad singer Ustad Nasir Faiyazuddin Dagar .
 Since the death of Faiyaz Wasifuddin Dagar father and later , his uncle , Faiyaz Wasifuddin Dagar has been singing solo .
He was awarded the Padma Shri in 2010 .
Wasifuddin Dagar is the son of the late Ustad Nasir Faiyazuddin Dagar , and the nephew of the late Ustad N. Zahiruddin Dagar , the well-known junior Dagar brothers and therefore a descendant of the legendary Swami Haridas Dagar , Tansen s teacher .
 The maestro received most of training directly under the tutelage of The maestro father , and younger uncle , the junior Faiyaz Wasifuddin Dagar , since The maestro was five years old .
 Additionally The maestro has had opportunity to receive instructions from The maestro grand uncle , Ustad A. Rahimuddin Dagar , his elder uncle , Ustad Aminuddin Dagar , as well as some of his cousin uncles , Ustad Zia Fariduddin Dagar , Ustad Rahim Fahimuddin Dagar and Ustad H. Sayeeduddin Dagar , all of whom are great exponents of Dhrupad singing .
 Between 1989 and 1994 , The maestro was groomed by The maestro uncle , Ustad Zahiruddin Dagar , with whom The maestro used to sing jugalbandis .
 A detailed biography of Ustad Wasifuddin Dagar is available on Faiyaz Wasifuddin Dagar website http://www.dagarvani.org .
A list of major dhrupad recordings , including Ustad Wasifuddin Dagars solo and duet recordings including track details is also available on dagarvani.org .
 Wasifuddin Dagars public career began on February 25 , 1989 , only a few days after Faiyaz Wasifuddin Dagar fathers death , when Faiyaz Wasifuddin Dagar gave Faiyaz Wasifuddin Dagar first performance .
 Faiyaz Wasifuddin Dagar sang with Ustad Zahiruddin Dagar .
Wasifuddins first major recording were in Switzerland , India and Japan , in 1992 .
 Wasifuddins first major recording has since recorded in Switzerland , India , and America with major recording labels .
A French television company made a film based on their life and music .
Wasifuddin Dagar has toured North America performing dhrupad solo since 2000 .
 Faiyaz Wasifuddin Dagar first performed live in New York in 2000 , where Faiyaz Wasifuddin Dagar gave a rendition of Raga Bihag .
 Faiyaz Wasifuddin Dagar has since performed at the UN , the Smithsonian Institutions , Yale , the City of Chicago , University of Washington , Seattle , Stanford University , University of California , Los Angeles , and several other prestigious venues .
 The 2008 spring tour of Faiyaz Wasifuddin Dagar ensemble to North America is scheduled for April-June 2008 .
 for A complete list of Faiyaz Wasifuddin Dagar recordings is at Faiyaz Wasifuddin Dagar websites recording page
 Naina Devi also known as Naina Ripjit Singh , was Indian vocalist of Hindustani classical music , most known for Naina Devi thumri renditions , though Naina Devi also sang dadra and ghazals .
 Naina Devi was a music producer at All India Radio and later with Doordarshan .
 Naina Devi started Naina Devi musical training under Girja Shankar Chakravarty in Naina Devi teens , later restarted it with Mushtaq Hussain Khan Rampur-Sahaswan gharana and Rasoolan Bai of Benaras gharana in the 1950s .
 Born in an aristocratic family in Kolkata , an aristocratic family in Kolkata was married into the royal family of Kapurthala State at age 16 , and was started singing in concerts only after an aristocratic family in Kolkata husband died in 1949 , and an aristocratic family in Kolkata moved to Delhi .
 In 1974 , an aristocratic family in Kolkata was awarded the Padma Shri , the fourth highest civilian honour given by Government of India .
 Born Nilina Sen , in an aristocratic Bengali family in Kolkata , where Nilina Sen grandfather was Keshub Chandra Sen , nationalist leader and social reformer from the Brahmo Samaj movement .
 Youngest of Nilina Sen four siblings , brother Sujit , and sisters sisters Binita and Sadhona , Nilina grew amidst liberal upbringing from their parents Saral Chandra Sen , a barrister and Nirmala .
 sisters Binita first got interested in music , when sisters Binita uncle , Panchu took young Nilina to a concert of Angurbala , at a local theatre .
 Thereafter , sisters Binita went to listen to Agurbala at Agurbala home in Masjid Bari Street .
 Eventually sisters Binita trained for nine years under Girija Shankar Chakravarty , noted vocalist and teacher , known for revitalizing the khayal tradition in Bengal .
 In 1934 , at the age of 16 , sisters Binita married Ripjit Singh , third son of Raja Charanjit Singh of princely Kapurthala State .
 After sisters Binita marriage sisters Binita moved to princely Kapurthala State in Punjab and wasnt allowed to sing .
 Though sisters Binita husband died in 1949 , when sisters Binita was 32 years of age .
 After the death of husband in 1949 , sisters Binita moved to Delhi , where sisters Binita spent the rest of sisters Binita life .
 Here sisters Binita came in touch with Sumitra Charat Ram , an arts patron and wife of Lala Charat Ram of DCM Shriram Group , who then ran Jhankar Committee , a small performing arts organization in Delhi , which paved way for the establishment of Shriram Bharatiya Kala Kendra in 1952 , with Naina Devi as its artistic director .
 In the following years , sisters Binita also remained a music producer of All India Radio , Delhi , and producer with state-run Doordarshan TV channel .
 Meanwhile , after arriving in Delhi , sisters Binita started sisters Binita musical training once again , first under Ustad Mushtaq Hussain Khan , the doyen of Mushtaq Hussain Khan Rampur-Sahaswan gharana , who was then teacher at the Bhartiya Kala Kendra , and later under Rasoolan Bai of Benaras gharana , where sisters Binita learned the purab ang style of Thumri , and started performing although under the name , Naina Devi .
 In sisters Binita Thumri singing , sisters Binita stressed on the need to study Nayika Bheda , the eight different kind of heroines classified in the Natya Shastra , to render thumri effectively .
 Though sisters Binita also sang in other genres like qawwali and ghazal .
 Later in life , sisters Binita got interested in the traditional form of kirtan , sisters Binita went to Vrindavan and learnt it and subsequently trained three of her senior disciples in the form .
 sisters Binita also taught notable disciples like Shubha Mudgal and Vidya Rao .
 In 2011 , one of her disciples , Vidya Rao wrote a memoir about her titled , Heart to Heart : Remembering Naina Devi .
 Vidya Rao has four children , two sons , Ratanjit Singh , Karanjit Singh , and two daughters Nilika Kaur and Rena Kaur , who founded the Naina Devi Foundation in 1994 .
 Vidya Rao elder sister , Sadhana Bose was a noted dancer and film actress of 1930s and 40s .
 Sadhana Bose other sister Rani Binita Roy was married into the royal family of Chakma
The Bishnupur Gharana is a form of singing that follows the Dhrupad tradition of Hindustani music , one of the two forms of Indian classical music .
 The Bishnupur Gharana originated in Bishnupur , West Bengal , India in late 18th-century .
 The name of the town means city of Lord Vishnu in West Bengal .
 In the ancient past , this area , known as Mallabhum was the abode of Malla Kings who were vassals to the Mughal Empire who were devotees of Lord Lord Vishnu and patrons of music .
Bishnupur Gharana was established in 1370 A. D. by the court musicians of Malla Kings .
Historians suggest that ` Mallabhum ' had once been the cultural centre of Eastern India .
 the cultural centre of Eastern India also has the distinction of being the only Gharana in West Bengal .
The gharana is reputed to have been established in the 13th century , even though there is no historic evidence to support this .
 In the 17th century , during the reign of Mughal emperor Aurangazeb , Islamic fanaticism was at the reign of Mughal emperor Aurangazeb peak in the Mughal empire , and thus many musicians moved to the court of the Maharaja of Bishnupur who was a known patron of the arts .
 The famous Dhrupad Singer Bahadur Khan of the Senia Gharana , descendant of Tansen , fled to Bishnupur and made his Gharana popular and sought refuge in the court .
Bahadur Khan was not only a vocalist but could also efficiently play on such instruments as the Veena , the Rabaab , the surashringaar .
 The king , Raghunath Singh Deo II , made all arrangements to honour Raghunath Singh Deo II as Raghunath Singh Deo II court singer .
The Maharaja also announced that anyone having a sweet voice and interested in music could learn from Bahadur Khan without any fees .
 the Maharaja of Bishnupur also bore the financial liability for the poor students .
In time , a good number of students became the disciples of Bahadur Khan .
Historical evidence points to Pt .
Ramachandra Bhattacharya , a desciple of Ud .
Bahadur Khan as the founder of the gharana .
Bishnupur Gharana therefore has a strong link to Betia Gharana through this unbroken relationship .
 In the later part of the eighteenth century and towards the early and mid-nineteenth century , when music of different ` Gharanas ' were gradually assimilating around the Khayal style , the Dhrupad style continued flourishing among the musicians of Bishnupur .
 Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande desired to be a disciple of Radhika Prasad Goswami since a disciple of Radhika Prasad Goswami found the most authentic renditions of the ragas and the most exhaustive repertoire of songs in Bishnupur Gharana .
 In 1921 when Prince Edward came to visit India , six artists of various gharanas were chosen to perform six Ragas for six Seasons .
Three of them were from Bishnupur Gharana : Gopeswar Bandyopadhyay , Satyakinkar Bandyopadhyay and Khetra Mohan Goswami .
First maiden Gramophone record in Khayal in 1902 Tara Parameshwari by Lal Chand Baral , who learnt under Ramprassanna Bandyopadhyay published by Gramophone Concert and Nicole .
 First Dhrupad record In 1902 Naad Bidya Sabse Sera Raag Darbari , Taal Choutal , by Surendranath Bandyopadhyay published by Gramophone Concert .
Khayal started from Ramshankar Bhattachariya 's age .
His writings on Khayal is being found Bramhamoyi Paratpara , on the Raga Yaman Kalyan .
 Ramprasanna Bandyopadhyay was the foremost Surbahar and Sitar Artist of India up to 1928 .
 Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande First came across the Ustads of Bishnupur in a conference in Benaras around 1921/22 and this conference was attended by Radhika Prasad Goswami , Gopeswar Bandyopadhyay and Satyakinkar Bandyopadhyay .
 They gave a trio performance in Dhrupad .
After this they gave individual performance .
 Satyakinkar Bandyopadhyay also played Sitar in that conference and stood First along with Enayat khan .
In this style , the artist excels in unfolding the beauty of the Raga through the alap .
 the Khayal style is simple , devoid of heavy , cumbersome ornamentation .
 the Khayal style is free from intricate play with the rhythm .
Layakari is however allowed in Dhamar , another form of vocalization .
 The Khayal of the Bishnupur School is noted for The Khayal of the Bishnupur School sweet , lilting melody .
 The Khayal of the Bishnupur School is adorned with the usual ornaments , which add variety to the melodic presentation of the Raga .
The dhrupad of the Bishnupur gharana uses shuddha dhaivata in raga vasanta , a touch of komal nisada in the descending notes of Raga Bhairava .
 The dhrupad of the Bishnupur gharana has abandoned kadi madhyam in raga ramakeli , and uses suddha dhaivata in raga puravi and Raga Lalita and komal nisad in raga vehaga .
 The dhrupad of the Bishnupur gharana has also developed The dhrupad of the Bishnupur gharana own character with regard to rhythm .
It was this gharana which invented the tradition of Sawal-Jabab in Hindustani Music.n .
Its origins and the development have led to a great openness in the teaching and evolution within this gharana .
 Most of the exponents of Bishnupur learnt Dhrupad vocal and instrumental music simultaneously .
 In spite of producing such a talented group of musicians , Bishnupur lacked venues for performances .
This prevented Bishnupur from becoming a performance center for the artists of the gharana.It was only in 2007 that an auditorium was opened in the town enabling public performances in the music of the gharana to the listening public
Rag Lalit is a studio album by Indian classical musician Ram Narayan , released in 1989 .
Recorded December 3 , 1987 , in Wyastone Leys near Monmouth , Wales , the album features a performance of the serene dawn raga Lalit on sarangi .
 Ram Narayan performs a long non-metrical introduction to unfold the raga , during which Ram Narayan adds a pulse , until Ram Narayan is joined by tabla to perform a composition .
The album consists of a single track performance of the raga Lalit .
 the serene dawn raga Lalit on sarangi is commonly described as calm and devotional and is performed at dawn .
 Neil Sorrel portrayed the serene dawn raga Lalit on sarangi as conveying a feeling of instability and connects this to the performance time , when night changes into day .
 Rag Lalit was recorded in a single take in Wyastone Leys near Monmouth , Wales , on December 3 , 1987 , and includes the tuning of the sarangis sympathetic strings through plucking .
 In the performance , Ram Narayan plays a long alap and a jor that increases in speed and range and makes use of gamaks .
 Suresh Talwalkar , a frequent accompanist of Ram Narayan , joins in playing a gat in the rhythmic 16-beat cycle tintal , which is separated into four groups of four beats .
 When Suresh Talwalkar plays a solo , the sarangi repeats the melody .
The performance was mastered in England , but not edited .
In the same session that produced Rag Lalit , the 1987 album Rag Bhupal Tori , Rag Patdip was recorded .
The album cover features a 19th-century painting of the goddess Tripura Sundari , also called Lalita .
 A picture of Narayan playing the sarangi is on the back of the album , along with a quote of Yehudi Menuhin praising Ram Narayan .
 Allmusic critic Ken Hunt gave the album a maximum five star rating and called it a magical performance , and R. S. Murthi of the New Straits Times argued that Narayan utilized R. S. Murthi of the New Straits Times musical knowledge on the album to stunning effect
Govind Sadashiv Tembe , popularly known as Govindrao Tembe was a harmonium player , stage actor , and music composer .
Narayan Sitaram Phadke had called Govindrao Tembe the architect of Marathi Natya Sangeet .
 Bal Gandharva considered Govind Sadashiv Tembe Govind Sadashiv Tembe guru .
 Bal Gandharva grew up in Kolhapur and became attached to music early in life .
 Bal Gandharva was largely self-taught as harmonium player .
 Bal Gandharva has acknowledged the debt of Deval Club for Bal Gandharva initial forays into Hindustani classical music .
 Govind Sadashiv Tembe learnt Govind Sadashiv Tembe art from Bhaskarbuwa Bakhale and , although Govind Sadashiv Tembe never received direct tuition from Alladiya Khan of Jaipur Gharana , Govind Sadashiv Tembe considered Khansaheb as Govind Sadashiv Tembe guru .
 Govind Sadashiv Tembe used to accompany the legendary singer Bhaskarbuwa Bakhale , and would often perform solo , but later gave up harmonium for the most part .
 Govind Sadashiv Tembe composed music for the drama Manapman in 1910 , and also for the first Marathi talkie Ayodhyecha Raja .
 Govind Sadashiv Tembe also acted in both these productions .
 Govind Sadashiv Tembe musical score of Manapman remains popular till the date .
 Govind Sadashiv Tembe was a personal friend of Late Yuvaraja of Mysore , HH Sri .
Kanteerva Narasimha Raja Wadiyar .
 Prof. Tembe was part of a large entourage of Yuvaraja during Govind Sadashiv Tembe trip to Europe in 1939 .
The Troupe performed before Pope and at other places during this trip .
 As World war broke out , they stayed at London for a long time ultimately returned in Jan 1940 but Yuvaraja passed away soon at Yuvaraja Palace Anchorage in March 1940 and Prof. Tembe lost Govind Sadashiv Tembe patron .
 Yuvaraja was part-owner of Gandharva Natak Mandali when World war was formed in 1913 .
 Two years later , Yuvaraja started Yuvaraja own company named Shivraj Natak Mandali .
 Yuvaraja wrote dramas and also the padas in them .
 Yuvaraja has left behind more than thirty 78 rpm records of Yuvaraja harmonium playing , some songs sung by Yuvaraja , many more composed by Yuvaraja , and a few books of reminiscences which are hard to find today .
Tembes total published work runs into more than two and half thousand pages
Akhil Bharatiya Gandharva Mahavidyalaya is an institution established in 1939 to popularize Indian classical music and dance .
 The Mahavidyalaya came into being to perpetuate the memory of Pandit Vishnu Digamber Paluskar , the great reviver of Hindustani classical music , and to keep up the ideals set down by Pandit Vishnu Digamber Paluskar .
The first Gandharva Mahavidyalaya was established by him on 5 May 1901 at Lahore .
The institution was relocated to Mumbai after 1947 and has subsequently established its administrative office at Miraj , Sangli District , Maharashtra .
Gandharva Mahavidyalaya , New Delhi was established in 1939 by Pandit Vinaychandra Maudgalaya , disciple of Pandit Vinayakrao Patwardhan , an exponent from Gwalior Gharana .
 Today it is the oldest music school in New Delhi elsewhere in Delhi and is headed by Pandit Vinaychandra Maudgalaya son and a noted Hindustani classical singer , Pandit Madhup Mudgal .
The institution imparts theoretical and practical training in the following branches of music and dance - .
Hindustani Music Instrumental : Sitar , Bansuri , Tabla , Harmonium and Violin .
Indian Classical Dance : Kathak , Bharatanatyam and Odissi .
The courses of study followed by the Mahavidyalaya are those approved by the Akhil Bharatiya Gandharva Mahavidyalaya Mandal .
 study followed by the Mahavidyalaya has nearly 1200 affiliated institutions and 800 Exam Centers across India .
In 2007 , the number of students enrolled exceeded 100,000 , for the .
Gandharva Mahavidyalaya , New Delhi was established in 1939 by Padma Shri Pt .
 Vinaychandra Maudgalaya from the Gwalior Gharana gharana and Padma Shri younger brother Pt .
Vipinchandra Maudgalya .
They were assisted by their younger brother Sh .
Pramod Mudgal who is member of the Akhil Bhartiya Gandharva mahavidyalaya advisory board .
It was Initially established in Prem House , Connaught Place , New Delhi and also branched out in old Delhi at Kamla Nagar near Delhi University .
This was headed by Pt .
 Vipin Chandra Maudgalya , and was functioning as New Delhi elsewhere in Delhi branch of Gandharva Mahavidyalaya till 2003 .
In 1972 The new building in Deen dayal Upadhyaya Marg was estabalished and it now headed by Pt .
Vinay Chandra Maudgalayas son Pt .
Madhup Mudgal since 1995 .
 Madhup Mudgal since 1995 . has over 1,200 students and a faculty of 60 teachers .
 The Kamla Nagar branch now runs as an independent Institution called Chaturang Sangeet Sansthan Affiliated to Akhil Bhartiya Gandharva Mahavidyalaya , Miraj and its been run forward by Sh .
Anupam Mudgal and smt .
Indu Mudgal .
 Gandharva Mahavidyalaya has also been organizing the annual Vishnu Digamber Festival in New Delhi elsewhere in Delhi , for many years now .
 There is no branch of Gandharva Mahavidyalaya , New Delhi elsewhere in New Delhi elsewhere in Delhi .
 It is affiliated to Akhil Bhartiya Gandharva Mahavidyalaya , Miraj .
 The Mahavidyalaya is guided by a Music Advisory Board composed of top ranking learned and veteran musicians of India .
The following Certificates / Diplomas of ABGMM are awarded to the successful students - .
Sangeet Praveshika i.e. , equivalent to matriculation .
 Sangeet Visharad i.e. , equivalent to Bachelor of Music - Graduate Post-Graduate Standard .
Sangeet Alankar i.e. , equivalent to Masters of Music - Post-Graduate Standard .
Admission to Gandharva Mahavidyalaya is open to persons of all ages , castes , creeds and religions .
Male and female students are trained separately .
There is one session in a year - in July .
Applicants are required to undergo a Music Syllabuspreliminary test .
Only those who clear this test are granted admission .
Sangeet Mahavidyalaya , Collectorate Cultural Club , Near Pvt. Bus Stand , Po-Keonjhargahr , Dist-Keonjhar - 758001 , Orissa .
Affiliated under Akhila Bharatiya Gandahrva Mahavidyalaya Mandal , Miroj Mumbai .
Official Music Syllabus is available at Gandharva Mandal Website Information Page .
1 .
Prarambhik : Pre-matric .
Knowledge of Shudha Swaras , Vadi , Samvadi , Audav-Shadav and one Chhota Khayal in each raga of the first year course .
2 .
 Praveshika : Knowledge of Shudha and Vikrit Shudha Swaras , Alankar , Nad Saptak , Mela , Janya Raga , Jati , Alap Jhala , Tan and Pakar .
Ragas : asavari , bibhas , Vridavani sarang , Bhimpalas , Durga , Des .
3 .
Praveshika : Matric Music Knowledge of Alankars of more than four swaras including Vikrit Swara .
Additional Ragas : Alhaiya Bilawal , Kedar , Bihag , Bhairav , Malkauns , Bageshri .
Tala : Ektal Vilambit , Chautal , Dhamar , Rupak , Dugun of all Tals .
 Knowledge of systems of Hindustani and Carnatic music ; specialities of Nad , Varna , Swaralipi of Vishnu Digambar and Bhatkhande paddhati .
 Definitions : one Chhota Khayal , Dhrupad , Dhamar , Tappa , Thumri , Bhajan , Ghazal , Shruti , Janak and Janya Raga , Grah Ansha , Nyas , Meend , Sut , Ghasit , Kana Swara , Poorvang , Uttarang , Sankeerna Ragas , Razakhani Gat , Tora , Sparsh , Krintan , Mizrab .
4 .
Madhyama : Tuning of Tanpura , Division of 22 Shruts in seven swaras .
 Madhya Laya Khayals with improvisations in Jaunpuri , Malkauns , Hamir , Patdeep , Tilang , Deshkar , and Kalingda , Vilambit and Drut Khayals with improvisations in Bhupali , Yaman Bageshri and Bihag .
 Tala : Jhumra , Sul , Tilwada and Deepchandi ; detailed knowledge of Laya ; practical knowledge of Meend , Sut , Ghasit , Sut , Ghasit , Murki .
 Tanas : Saral , Kut , Mishra , Sapat , Zamzama , Gamak , Uthav , Chalan , Nad and Shruti ; writing Dugun and Chaugun of Dhrupad and Dhamar ; detailed knowledge of Swaralipi of Vishnu Digambar and Bhatkhande paddhati .
5 .
 Madhyama : Madhyam Laya Khayals with improvisations in Chhayanat , Kamod , Gaud Sarang , Jaijaoiwanti , Pooriya dhanashree , Shankara ; Vilambit and Drut Khayals with improvisations in Alhaiya Bilawal , Bhairav , Bhimpalas , Brindavani Sarang and Kedar , appropriate knowledge of Dhvani , Kampan , Andolan ; comparison between Hindustani and Karnatak systems of music ; Guna and Dosha in a musician .
 Definition of Alpatva , Bahutva , Avirbhav , Tirobhav , Prabandh , Chaturang and Trivat ; Anulom , Vilom , Veend , Zamzama , Chikari , Alap Jhala , Dillibaaj , Poorabbaaj and knowledge of Vyankatamakhis 72 Melakartas .
 Vilambit and Drut Khayals with improvisations in ragas Todi , shudha sarang , multani , yaman , bihag , puriadhanashri , rageshri , jog , shankara knowledge of singing from written Swaralipi ; knowledge of Ada .
 Dhrupad-Dhamar in Dugun , Tigun , Chaugun and Chhagun .
 Chhagun and Athgun Tana with Jod , Alap Jhala , Maseetkhani knowGat knowGat .
Styles of Alap ; detailed description of varieties of Tanas ; Vidari , Ragalakashan , Jatigayan , Vinyas , Apanyas , Gayaki , Nayaki , Ladant .
 Writing in written Swaralipi ; Classification of these Ragas ; Biographies of ancient musicians .
 Madhya Laya Khayals with improvisations in and Vilambit and Drut Khayals with improvisations in Bhairav , Komalrishabha Asawari , Deshkar , Madhamad sarang , Puria kalyan , Hamir , Bhupali , Kalavati , Gorakh kalyan , Bahar .
 Detailed knowledge of these Ragas and also of Dhrupad , Dhamar , Maseetkhani knowGat and Razakhani Gat , Trivat , Chaturang ; Vilambit and Drut Khayal , Thumri , Pad Kavita ; knowledge of different kinds of Layakaris of the talas : Matta , Sawari , Brahma , Laxmi , Rudra ; appropriate knowledge of the divisions of Shruti-Swar as in ancient , medieval and modern times ; comparison of Hindustani and Karnatak tala systems .
 Knowledge of Gram , Moorchhana , Kalawant , Pandit Madhup Mudgal , Vaggeyakar , Khandarbani Nauharbani , etc. .
 Varieties of Gamak , Rag-ragini paddhati , That paddhati and Raga paddhati .
Biographies of Jaidev , Gopal Nayak , Khusro , Tansen , Swami Haridas , Baiju , Sadarang , Bhaskarbua , Vazhebua , Alladiya Khan , Balkrishnabua , Maseet Khan , Faiyaz Khan and Inayat Khan .
Knowledge of Staff Notation ; history of the instrument , importance of Jhankar in instrument ; .
8 .
 visharad tritiya - these Ragas are lalit , bilaskhani todi , jaunpuri , marubihag , Nand , Miyanmalhar , Hansdhwahni , Darabari , Basant , Tilakkamod .
For details of courses you may refer to Pathyakram-Nayamavali of the Akhil Bharatiya Gandharva Mahavidyalaya Mandal , Gandharva Niketan Brahman Puri , Miraj 416410 .
 For details of courses of study and examinations in instrumental Music and Indian Classical Dance : Kathak you may refer to the prospectus and syllabus of All India Gandharva Mahavidyalaya Mandal , Mumbai
Shobha Gurtu was an Indian singer in the light Hindustani classical style .
 Though Shobha Gurtu had equal command over pure classical style , the light Hindustani classical style was with light classical music that Shobha Gurtu received Shobha Gurtu fame , and in time came to be known as the Thumri Queen , and for the ` Abhinaya ' ang in the Thumri Queen full-throated voice .
 Bhanumati Shirodkar was born in Belgaum , in 1925 , Bhanumati Shirodkar was first trained by Bhanumati Shirodkar mother Menekabai Shirodkar , a professional dancer , and a gayaki disciple of Ustad Alladiya Khan of the Jaipur-Atrauli gharana .
 Though Bhanumati Shirodkar formal music training began with ` Ustad Bhurji Khan ' , the youngest son of Ustad Alladiya Khan , the founder of the Jaipur-Atrauli gharana in Kolhapur , from whom Bhanumati Shirodkar mother was learning at the time , while Bhanumati Shirodkar was still a younger girl , and seeing her talent , Ustad Bhurji Khan 's family immediately took a liking of Bhanumati Shirodkar , and Bhanumati Shirodkar started spending long hours with them .
 Bhanumati Shirodkar ties with the Jaipur-Atrauli gharana were to strengthen still , when Bhanumati Shirodkar started learning from , Ustad Alladiya Khan 's nephew Ustad Natthan Khan ; though Bhanumati Shirodkar really came into Bhanumati Shirodkar own under the tutelage of Ustad Ghamman Khan , who came stay with their family in Mumbai , to teach Ustad Bhurji Khan 's family mother thumri-dadra and other semi-classical forms .
 Shobha Gurtu specialized in semi classical forms as thumri , dadra , Kajri , Hori etc. , effortlessly adding pure classical passages into Shobha Gurtu singing , thus creating a new form , and reviving the magic of forms like , Thumri , of which Shobha Gurtu became a greatest exponent in time .
 Shobha Gurtu was particularly influenced by singer Begum Akhtar and Ustad Bade Ghulam Ali Khan .
 Shobha Gurtu also performed music in Marathi and Hindi cinema .
As a playback singer , she first worked in Kamaal Amrohi 's film , Pakeezah , followed by Phagun , where she sang , ` Bedardi ban gaye koi jaao manaao more saiyyaan ' .
She earned a Filmfare nomination as Best Female Playback Singer for the song Saiyyan Rooth Gaye from the hit film Main Tulsi Tere Aangan Ki .
In Marathi cinema she sang for films like Saamna and Lal Mati .
In 1979 The Gramophon Company of India released her first album At Her Best ... Shobha Gurtu , considered a high ranking classic recording displaying her dazzling vocal work in the eastern Uttar Pradesh musical tradition rooted in the 19th Century .
Over the years , she travelled all over the world for concerts , including at one the Carnegie Hall , New York City , performing alongside musical greats and , Pt .
Birju Maharaj .
Her album of gazal Tarz along with Mehdi Hassan was popular .
She often lend her voice the collaborative jazz albums , of her son Trilok Gurtu .
 In 2000 , she featured in the Jana Gana Mana Video , which was released to mark the 50th year of the Indian Republic , where she sang the Indian National Anthem , Jana Gana Mana , along with other leading classical singers and musicians of India .
In 1987 , she received the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award , and later awarded the Lata Mangeshkar Puraskar , Shahu Maharaj Puraskar and the Maharashtra Gaurav Puraskar .
In 2002 , she was awarded the Padma Bhushan .
After reigning over Hindustani classical music genre , for five decades , as the Queen of Thumri , Shobha Gurtu died on 27 September 2004 , and was survived by her two sons .
She married Vishwanath Gurtu , and took the name Shobha Gurtu .
Her father in law , ` Pandit Narayan Nath Gurtu ' , was a highly placed officer in Belgaum Police , scholar and a sitar player .
Her son Trilok Gurtu is a famed percussionist .
Her other son is Narendra
Tina Sugandh is an Indian born writer , singer , tabla player , dancer , guitarist , and actress .
 Tina Sugandh is also a principal cast member on season 1 of the Bravo reality television show , .
 Tina Sugandh was born in Mumbai October 17 , 1977 and moved with Tina Sugandh family to New Jersey when Tina Sugandh was five months old .
 Tina Sugandh mother , Geeta Sugandh , sang on the radio and at various functions while Tina Sugandh father , Kanaiya , was a master of ceremonies , singer , and comedian .
 Tina Sugandh and Tina Sugandh sister , Seema , traveled with Sugandh and her sister parents to all of their performances .
 At the age of five Tina Sugandh sang on stage for the first time .
 Tina Sugandh sang a ghazal , and Tina Sugandh and Tina Sugandh parents recognized that Tina Sugandh loved performing ; they encouraged Tina Sugandh to continue .
 Throughout Sugandhs school years , Tina Sugandh family performed all over the U.S. and the Caribbean and gained a following in the Indian community .
 At one concert , Tina Sugandh begged Tina Sugandh father to let Tina Sugandh take over for one song and play the drum that he played .
 Tina Sugandh parents decided to introduce Tina Sugandh to a more intricate drum , the tabla , a two-barreled percussion that takes Sugandhs school years to master and is predominantly played by men .
 At 15 , Tina Sugandh was discovered by Sean Harris , a screenwriter and creative mentor .
 Harris eventually convinced Sugandh that Tina Sugandh should pursue music as a career and , to that end , spent time working on a demo .
 Between her studies as a biology major at Rutgers University , and weekend performances with her family , Tina Sugandh worked with Sean Harris , who arranged photo shoots and studio time for her and encouraged her to write her own music .
After Sugandh completed her demo and promo package , she sent out hundreds of copies in order to secure both a management team and writing publishing house .
Her persistence paid off when a friend introduced her to Sean Sullivan , who had been working with Maxwell , John Mellencamp and Jessica Simpson and was starting a new management company .
 Sean Sullivan was impressed and had her perform for Jay Jay French , Jay Jay French partner in the new venture .
French was equally impressed and the duo signed her to their new company , Rebellion Entertainment .
They spent the next year developing her songs and creating new demos .
These demos lead to a publishing deal with Warner/Chappell Music and a Sony deal .
 After signing to Hollywood Records as a singer and to Warner/Chappell Music as a songwriter , Tina Sugandh began hosting the program Asian Variety Show on Saturday mornings .
Her original album was intended to be released by Hollywood Records .
She worked with producers Lester Mendez , Track & Field The Monkey Boyz , Ming & FS , Dr. Luke and Danny P. Sugandh wrote or co-wrote all twelve tracks on the Hollywood album .
Her family made appearances throughout the album .
However , the album was never released .
 Tina Sugandh has written and recorded over 60 songs .
 In 2008 , Tina Sugandh remix of Break Me reached # 4 on the Billboard Dance Chart .
Break Me was also on the premiere episode of the new Melrose Place series .
 In 2009 , Tina Sugandh collaborated with Ringo Starr on Break Me album Why Not .
 In 2010 , Tina Sugandh released a single under the Timbaland umbrella entitled So Good , which features Fat Joe .
 Tina Sugandh first album , TablaGirl , came out on May 12 , 2009 was released independently .
The following tracks are available on the album :
Amit Arya was born in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
He began learning music at the age of six .
In June 1999 , Amit started learning under Padma Vibhushan Pandit Jasraj and has continued learning primarily from his senior disciples .
They are : .
Amit Arya holds a medical Degree from the University of British Columbia and is a Medical Doctor by profession .
Amit Arya is the Director , Co-Founder and Instructor along with Pandita Tripti Mukherjee of the Pandit Jasraj Institute of Music - Toronto , the first Indian Classical School with Pandit Jasrajs name in the Greater Toronto Area .
Amit is unique as in he is the first Canadian born Indian Classical Vocalist performing and teaching at his level .
Amit specializes in Hindustani Classical Music .
He also presents other forms of devotional music such as bhajans
Narayanrao Vyas was a Hindustani Musician of Gwalior gharana .
 Narayanrao Vyas was a disciple of Vishnu Digambar Paluskar .
 Narayanrao Vyas cut several 78 rpm discs , classical khayals and semi-classical bhajans and thumris , at around 1930 which became very famous .
 Narayanrao Vyas father and uncle were well-known musicians in Kolhapur .
Narayanraos elder brother , Shankarrao Vyas , was also a singer and composer of distinction
Pandit Mani Prasad is an Indian vocalist in the Hindustani classical tradition .
 An exponent of the Kirana Gharana of Hindustani Classical Music , Pandit Mani Prasad Ji is renowned for Pandit Mani Prasad Ji purity in the khayal form of singing , as well as for Pandit Mani Prasad Ji popular renditions of devotional music .
 Pandit Mani Prasad Ji is known to have made many new Ragas and given new dimensions to existing ones under Pandit Mani Prasad Ji collection , Dhyan Rang Piya .
Pt .
Mani Prasad was born into a family of very respected musicians .
 Pandit Mani Prasad Ji father was the renowned vocalist of Kirana Gharana , Pandit Sukhdev Prasad who had received his training in music from Ustad Abdul Karim Khan and Ustad Abdul Wahid Khan , the founders of Kirana Gharana .
 Pandit Sukhdev Prasad Ji was one of the most respected and renowned Indian Classical singers of Pandit Sukhdev Prasad Ji time .
 Having learnt the singing style of the Kirana Gharana from Ustad Abdul Karim Khan and Ustad Abdul Wahid Khan , Ustad Abdul Karim Khan was known for Ustad Abdul Karim Khan purity and knowledge of music .
 Ustad Abdul Karim Khan hailed from the town of Bikaner in Rajasthan , but Ustad Abdul Karim Khan music made Ustad Abdul Karim Khan travel all across the country and so Ustad Abdul Karim Khan had Ustad Abdul Karim Khan disciples in all parts of India .
 Ustad Abdul Karim Khan most famous student is Pt .
Dinanath Mangeshkar , the father of the world famous Indian playback singers Lata Mangeshkar and Asha Bhosle .
 Pandit Mani Prasad Ji gained Pandit Mani Prasad Ji extensive knowledge in music by accompanying Pandit Mani Prasad Ji father on all Pandit Mani Prasad Ji tours and performances across the country from an early age .
 Pandit Mani Prasad Ji moved from Wardha in Maharashtra to New Delhi , in Pandit Mani Prasad Ji youth along with Pandit Mani Prasad Ji father .
 Panditji gained most of Panditji training from Panditji father but was also guided by Panditji grandfather Pandit Shakti Lal and by Panditji uncles Pandit Shankar Lal and Pandit Gopal Prasad .
Pt .
 Mani Prasad started Pandit Mani Prasad Ji career early , being brought up in a musical family .
 Pandit Mani Prasad Ji is ranked as a Top Grade A class artist by the All India Radio .
 Pandit Mani Prasad Ji is a well recognised television artist with the Doordarshan .
 Pandit Mani Prasad Ji has performed extensively all across the world and has received much appreciation and respect everywhere .
 Pandit Mani Prasad Ji has not only created some new ragas but also composed many bandishes in existing ragas with the mudra Dhyan Rang Piya .
 Pandit Mani Prasad Ji is known to have composed the raga , Raga Vihanginee for the bhajan sung and popularised by Lata Mangeshkar , Sunio Ji Araj Mhari in the movie Lekin .
 Among Pandit Mani Prasad Ji students are many renowned artists and personalities like Maharaja Ranjitsinh Pratapsinh Gaekwad of Baroda , Rita Ganguly , Savita Devi Maharaj daughter of legendary thumri singer Siddheshwari Devi , Pt .
 Ramesh Jule , Ravi Jule , Pt .
Haricharan Verma , Smt .
 Surinder Kaur , Shri Kailash Verma , Smt .
 Sudarshan Dewan , Pt .
 Vishwanath , Chandan Dass , Smt .
 Nirmala Gopalakrishnan , Uma Garg , Seema Anil Sehgal , Smt .
Saraswati Bai , Sant Satnam Singh among many others .
 Some of the Ragas composed by Panditji are Raga Dhyan Kalyan , Raga Dhyani Todi , Raga Vihanginee , Raga Shivkauns , Raga Ahiri Todi and Raga Bhoopeshwari .
 Raga Dhyan Kalyan is also credited to have written and composed various Bandishes for many Ragas which are Raga Dhyan Kalyan great contributions not only to Indian Classical Music but also to Indian Literature .
 In recent years , Raga Dhyan Kalyan has been the Guru at the Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Dha Ni Sa Academy of Music in Mumbai instituted by Gajendra Singh , where Raga Dhyan Kalyan was training the upcoming singers of the new generation and the participants of national and international level musical talent hunts like Star Voice of India .
 Raga Dhyan Kalyan also took up the position of the Guru at the Smt .
 Gangubai Hangal Gurukul in Hubli , Karnataka where Gangubai Hangal Gurukul in Hubli was invited by the Government of Karnataka .
 The Gurukul named after the late doyenne of the Kirana Gharana of Hindustani Classical Music is a school of pure Indian Classical Music of the Kirana Gharana style where Panditji was training singers and teaching them the nuances and intricacies of Panditji style of music .
 Panditji has been widely recorded both in Audio tapes and CDs and videos .
 Panditji is extensively recorded in the the All India Radio Archives and the Doordarshan .
 Other than these , Panditji cassettes and CDs released are : .
 Panditji video recordings on the internet are also very popular and widely viewed all across the globe .
 Panditji is the recipient of many Awards , Honors and Felicitations .
These include : .
 Panditji now lives in New Delhi .
 Panditji has 3 children , Deepak Prasad , Lata Tandon and Lalit Prasad , who are also involved in the field of Indian Classical Music
Brij Narayan is an Indian classical musician who plays the string instrument sarod .
 his father Ram Narayan was born in the Indian state Rajasthan and began to study sarod from a young age under his father Ram Narayan father Ram Narayan and other teachers .
 his father Ram Narayan won the All India Radio instrumentalist competition in 1967 and accompanied his father Ram Narayan father on a tour to Afghanistan in 1969 .
 his father Ram Narayan graduated from the University of Mumbai in 1972 and has since worked on movies and toured Africa , Europe , and America .
 his father Ram Narayan was born on 25 April 1952 in Udaipur , Rajasthan as the oldest son of sarangi player Ram Narayan .
 his father Ram Narayan was taught music from an early age and began playing the sarod at the age of seven .
 his father Ram Narayan knows how to play sarangi , but chose to specialize in playing the sarod , stating his father Ram Narayan believed his father Ram Narayan background would give his father Ram Narayan an advantage over other sarod players and that his father Ram Narayan liked its combination of melody and percussion .
 his father Ram Narayan studied for a short time under his father Ram Narayan uncle , tabla player Chatur Lal , and sarod player Ali Akbar Khan in Delhi , but returned to study under his father Ram Narayan father following Lals death in 1965 .
 In 1967 , his father Ram Narayan received the Presidents gold medal as top instrumentalist in the All India Radio competition .
 In the late 1960s , his father Ram Narayan was the subject of a movie , participated in a 1969 cultural delegation tour of Afghanistan in 1969 with his father Ram Narayan father , and became a scholar of the Bharat Sangeet Sabha .
 his father Ram Narayan graduated from the University of Mumbai in 1972 and became a full-time musician ; his father Ram Narayan performed at the Munich Olympics the same year .
 In the 1970s and 1980s , his father Ram Narayan toured Africa , Europe , and America , and his father Ram Narayan recorded several albums , including a collaboration with Zakir Hussain .
 his father Ram Narayan played in the 1978 movie Main Tulsi Tere Aangan Ki and composed music for the 1988 movie The Bengali Night by Nicolas Klotz , which starred Hugh Grant .
 his father Ram Narayan received the Dagar Gharana Award from the Mewar Foundation in 1996 and toured France again in 1999 .
 his father Ram Narayan performed for the Society for the Promotion of Indian Classical Music and Culture Amongst Youth , to interest young Indians in Indian classical music , and played on the 2002 album Music Detected by Deep Forest .
Neil Sorrell has described Narayan as one of the best sarod players of the present time in Musik in Geschichte und Gegenwart .
 his father Ram Narayan is married , lives in Mumbai , and has children .
 his father Ram Narayan son Harsh was born in the mid-1980s and plays sarangi since 1997 ; both his father Ram Narayan and his father Ram Narayan son have performed with Ram Narayan .
 his father Ram Narayan works for the Pt Ram Narayan Foundation in Mumbai , which offers scholarships to sarangi students
Bhimsen Gururaj Joshi ; February 4 , 1922 - January 24 , 2011 -RRB- He was an Indian vocalist in the Hindustani classical tradition .
He was born in Gadag , Karnataka to a Kannada Madhwa family .
He is known for the khayal form of singing , as well as for his popular renditions of devotional music .
In 1998 , he was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Fellowship the highest honour conferred by Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy for Music , Dance and Drama .
Subsequently received the Bharat Ratna , Indias highest civilian honour , in 2008 .
Bhimsen Joshi was born in Gadag Karnataka in a Kannada Madhwa Brahmin family to Gururaj Joshi , a teacher and Sanskrit scholar who had authored a Kannada-English dictionary , and Godavaraibai , a home-maker .
His first music teacher was Channappa Kurtakoti , who had trained with the veteran singer Inayat Khan .
 After learning ragas Bhairav and Bhimpalasi , Bhimsen Joshi left Bhairav for Pandit Shyamacharya who hailed from Badami and was a priest and classical singer .
Pandit Shyamacharya taught him to sing as well as play the harmonium .
Joshi heard a recording of Abdul Karim Khan s Thumri Piya Bin Nahi Aavat Chain in Raga Jhinjhoti when he was a child , which inspired him to become a musician .
During this time , he also heard Pandit Sawai Gandharva at a performance in Kundgol .
In 1933 , the 11-year-old Joshi left Dharwad for Bijapur to find a master and learn music .
 With the help of money lent by his co-passengers in the train young Bhimsen reached Dharwad for Bijapur first and later went to Pune .
 Later he moved to Gwalior and got into Madhava Music School , a school run by Maharajas of Gwalior , with the help of famous sarod player Hafiz Ali Khan .
 He traveled for three years around North India , including in Delhi , Kolkata , Gwalior , Lucknow and Rampur , trying to find a good guru .
Eventually , his father succeeded in tracking him down in Jalandar and brought young Bhimsen back home .
 In 1936 , Sawai Gandharva , a native of Dharwad for Bijapur , agreed to be Sawai Gandharva , a native of Dharwad guru .
Joshi stayed at his house in the guru-shishya tradition .
Joshi continued his training with Sawai Gandharva till 1940 .
Joshi first performed live in 1941 at the age 19 .
His debut album , containing a few devotional songs in Marathi and Hindi , was released by HMV the next year in 1942 .
Later Joshi moved to Mumbai in 1943 and worked as a radio artist .
His performance at a concert in 1946 to celebrate his guru Sawai Gandharvas 60th birthday won him accolades both from the audience and his guru .
Joshis performances have been acknowledged by music critics such as S. N. Chandrashekhar of the Deccan Herald to be marked by spontaneity , accurate notes , dizzyingly-paced taans which make use of his exceptional voice training , and a mastery over rhythm .
 The Hindu , in an article written after Hindu was awarded the Bharat Ratna , said : Bhimsen Joshi was ever the wanderer , engendering brilliant phrases and tans more intuitively than through deliberation .
Joshi occasionally employed the use of sargam and tihaais , and often sang traditional compositions of the Kirana gharana .
His music often injected surprising and sudden turns of phrase , for example through the unexpected use of boltaans .
Over the years , his repertoire tended to favor a relatively small number of complex and serious ragas ; however , he remained one of the most prolific exponents of Hindustani classical music .
 Some of Joshis more popular ragas include Shuddha Kalyan , Miyan Ki Todi , Puriya Dhanashri , Multani , Bhimpalasi , Darbari , and Ramkali .
 Some of Joshis more popular ragas was a purist who has not dabbled in experimental forms of music , except for a series of Jugalbandi recordings with the Carnatic signer M. Balamuralikrishna .
Joshis singing has been influenced by many musicians , including Smt .
Kesarbai Kerkar , Begum Akhtar and Ustad Amir Khan .
Joshi assimilated into his own singing various elements that he liked in different musical styles and Gharanas .
 In devotional music , Joshi was most acclaimed for his Hindi , Kannada and Marathi Bhajan singing .
 He has recorded bhakti songs in Marathi , Santavani and Kannada , Dasavani .
Bhimsen Joshi was widely recognized in India due to his performance in the Mile Sur Mera Tumhara music video , which begins with him .
The video was created for the purpose of national integration in India , and highlights the diversity of Indian culture .
Bhimsen Joshi was also a part of Jana Gana Mana produced by A. R. Rahman on the occasion of 50th year of Indian Republic .
Joshi sang for several films , including Basant Bahar with Manna Dey , Birbal My Brother with Pandit Jasraj .
He also sang for the films Tansen and Ankahee where latter fetched him National Film Award for Best Male Playback Singer .
 His song ` Bhagyadalakshmi baaramma ' , a Purandara Dasa composition , was used by Anant Nag and Shankar Nag in the Kannada film Nodi Swami Naavu Irodhu Heege .
 He also sang as a playback singer for the Marathi film Gulacha Ganapati , produced and directed by P. L. Deshpande .
 Joshi along with his friend Vasantrao Deshpande organized the Sawai Gandharva Music Festival as an homage to his guru , Sawai Gandharva , along with the Arya Sangeet Prasarak Mandal in 1953 , marking Sawai Gandharva , a native of Dharwad first death anniversary .
 The festival has been held ever since , typically on the second weekend of December in Pune , Maharashtra and has become not only a cultural event for the city , but an annual pilgrimage for Hindustani Classical Music lovers all over the world .
Joshi conducted the festival annually since 1953 , until his retirement in 2002 .
Bhimsen Joshi was known for his powerful voice , amazing breath control , fine musical sensibility and unwavering grasp of the fundamentals , representing a subtle fusion of intelligence and passion that imparted life and excitement to his music .
 A classicist by training , and temperament , Bhimsen Joshi was renowned for having evolved an approach that sought to achieve a balance between what may be termed as traditional values and mass-culture tastes and as such A classicist by training went on to have supposedly the largest commercially recorded repertoire in Hindustani vocal music .
Pt .
Joshis iconic status in the music world has earned him a whole generation of suni shagirds who by merely listening to him have picked up his style and not through any formal tutelage .
 His greatest endeavour in perpetuating his legacy could be the Sawai Gandharva Festival held at Pune .
annually since the year 1953 which seeks to promote a certain music culture .
 Madhava Gudi , Narayan Deshpande , Shrikant Deshpande and Upendra Bhat are some of Madhava Gudi more well-known disciples .
Joshi was twice-married .
His first wife was Sunanda Hunagund , daughter of his maternal uncle , whom he married in 1944 .
He had four children from Sunanda ; Raghavendra , Usha , Sumangala , and Anand .
 He married Vatsala Mudholkar Vatsala Mudholkar co-actor in the Kannada play Bhagya-Shree in 1951 .
 Although bigamous marriages among Hindu were prohibited by law in the Bombay Presidency , Hindu did not divorce or separate from Sunanda .
 With Vatsala Mudholkar , Vatsala Mudholkar had three children ; Jayant , Shubhada , and Shrinivas .
Joshi had a passion for cars .
He was a swimmer , an enthusiast of yoga and a football player .
He had acknowledged his weakness for alcohol but became a teetotaller after it started affecting his career .
Joshi was admitted to Sahyadri Super Speciality Hospital on December 31 , 2010 with gastrointestinal bleeding and bilateral pneumonia .
Due to difficulty in breathing , he was put on ventilator support .
He suffered convulsions and was put on dialysis too during his stay in hospital .
Though he recovered briefly for three days when he was taken off the ventilator , his condition deteriorated thereafter .
He died on 24 January 2011 .
 He was cremated at Vaikunth Crematorium in Pune with full state honors
Trilok Gurtu is an Indian percussionist and composer , whose work has blended the music of his homeland with jazz fusion , world music and other genres .
He has released his own albums and has collaborated with many artists , including Terje Rypdal , Gary Moore , John McLaughlin , Jan Garbarek , Joe Zawinul , Bill Laswell , Maria Joao & Mario Laginha , and Robert Miles .
 singer Shobha Gurtu was born to Hindu Brahmin parents in Mumbai , and attended Don Bosco High School in Mumbai .
 Hindu Brahmin mother , singer Shobha Gurtu , encouraged Hindu Brahmin to learn playing tabla , and Hindu Brahmin studied playing the instrument under Shah Abdul Karim .
 singer Shobha Gurtu began playing Western drum kit in the 1970s , and developed interest in jazz .
 In a 1995 television special on Jimi Hendrix , singer Shobha Gurtu mentioned having initially learned Western music without awareness of overdubbing , which , Jimi Hendrix said , forced Jimi Hendrix to learn multiple parts which most musicians would have never attempted .
 In the 1970s , Jimi Hendrix played with Charlie Mariano , John Tchicai , Terje Rypdal , and Don Cherry .
One of Gurtus earliest recordings was around 1977 in the record Apo-Calypso in an album of the German ethnic fusion band , Embryo .
 Jimi Hendrix mother also sang in that record , and later joined Jimi Hendrix in Jimi Hendrix first solo CD , Usfret .
 In the 1980s , singer Shobha Gurtu played with Swiss drummer Charly Antolini and with John McLaughlin in McLaughlins trio , accompanied variously by bassists Jonas Hellborg , Kai Eckhardt , and Dominique DiPiazza .
The line-up with Hellborg performed at least one concert opening for Miles Davis in Berkeley , California in 1988 .
 Collaboration between singer Shobha Gurtu and McLaughlin included vocal improvisations using the Indian tala talk method of oral drumming notations for teaching drum patterns .
 Sometimes , Kai Eckhardt would join in with hip-hop beat-box vocals for a three-way vocal percussion jam , while singer Shobha Gurtu and McLaughlin would throw in a few amusing words such as some Japanese brand names mixed with some Indian words .
Some of the unusual aspects of Gurtus drum playing include playing , without a drum stool , in a half-kneeling position on the floor , and use of an unconventional kick drum that resembles a large drum head with a kick-pedal , and a mix of tablas and western drums .
Gurtus unique percussion signature involves dipping cymbals and strings of shells into a bucket of water to create a shimmering effect .
 singer Shobha Gurtu joined Oregon after the death of drummer Collin Walcott .
 drummer Collin Walcott played in three records produced by this band : Ecotopia , 45th Parallel , and Always , Never and Forever .
 In the early 1990s Gurtu resumed drummer Collin Walcott career as a solo artist and a bandleader .
 Various noted musicians have backed drummer Collin Walcott in a number of his CD releases .
In 1999 , Zakir Hussain and Bill Laswell founded a musical group , Tabla Beat Science , which played a mixture of Hindustani music , Asian underground , ambient , Drum and Bass , and Electronica .
 singer Shobha Gurtu joined this group along with Karsh Kale and Talvin Singh .
The group released three albums before going dormant in late 2003 .
 In 2004 , singer Shobha Gurtu created an album , Miles Gurtu , with Robert Miles .
 Robert Miles collaboration with the Arke String Quartet began in 2007 with the release of the album Arkeology .
In 2010 Trilok Gurtu played into the album Piano Car , opera of minimalist composer Stefano Ianne with Ricky Portera , Nick Beggs , Mario Marzi , Terl Bryant , John De Leo .
In 2012 , Trilok Gurtu collaborated with electronic folk duo Hari & Sukhmani in their hometown of Chandigarh and produced a song Maati on the music documentary-travelogue The Dewarists .
 singer Shobha Gurtu has garnered a number of prestigious awards and nominations , including :
Sthayi or Asthaayi is an initial phrase or line of a fixed , melodic composition in Hindustani music .
Its a way of systematizing the parts of a composition
 Ustad Shamsuddin Bhurji Khan was a Hindustani Classical vocalist of the Jaipur-Atrauli Gharana founded by Ustad Shamsuddin Bhurji Khan father , Utd .
Alladiya Khan .
Utd .
Bhurji Khan was the third and youngest son of Utd .
Alladiya Khan .
Despite this , Utd .
Alladiya Khan felt that Utd .
 Bhurji Khan was the most capable of Ustad Shamsuddin Bhurji Khan children .
 In Ustad Shamsuddin Bhurji Khan late youth , Utd .
Bhurji Khan fell seriously ill with motzira while visiting Uniara .
Utd .
 Bhurji Khans illness affected Bhurji Khans illness musical growth .
 Brain damage from the illness contributed to Bhurji Khans illness forgetfulness and memory loss .
 As a result , Bhurji Khans illness father abandoned training his father , Utd , where his father , Utd continued his father , Utd musical training with his father , Utd uncle , Utd .
Haider Khan .
Despite Utd .
Haider Khans persistence , it was only until Utd .
 Bhurji Khan took to teaching that Ustad Shamsuddin Bhurji Khan memory solidified and Ustad Shamsuddin Bhurji Khan musical growth resumed .
 After this , Ustad Shamsuddin Bhurji Khan training with Ustad Shamsuddin Bhurji Khan father resumed .
Utd .
Bhurji Khan was instrumental in expanding the presence of the Jaipur-Atrauli gayaki in Hindustani Classical music .
 Among Ustad Shamsuddin Bhurji Khan many disciples are Pt .
Mohanrao Palekar , Smt .
Kishori Amonkar , Pt .
Madhusudhan Kanetkar , Madhukar Sadolikar , brother of Pt .
 Wamanrao Sadolikar , Pt .
 Nivruttibuwa Sarnaik , and Nivruttibuwa Sarnaik own son , Baba Azizuddin Khan .
Utd .
 Bhurji Khans foremost disciple was Pt .
Mallikarjun Mansur .
 After the death of Mallikarjun Mansur . elder brother , Utd .
Manji Khan , Utd .
Bhurji Khan agreed to teach Pt .
 Mallikarjun Mansur under Ustad Shamsuddin Bhurji Khan fathers command .
Utd .
Bhurji Khan died in 1950 after a prolonged illness .
 Like Ustad Shamsuddin Bhurji Khan famous father , Utd .
Bhurji Khan did not leave behind any recordings
Dr. Ashwini Bhide-Deshpande is a Hindustani classical music vocalist of the Jaipur-Atrauli Gharana .
Born in Mumbai into a family with strong musical traditions , Dr. Bhide-Deshpande started her early classical training under the guidance of Narayanrao Datar .
She then completed her Sangeet Visharad from the Gandharva Mahavidyalaya .
Since then , Dr. Bhide-Deshpande has been under the tutelage of her mother Smt .
Manik Bhide , who has been instilling in her the intricacies and traditions of the Jaipur-Atrauli Gharana .
Dr. Bhide-Deshpande also received guidance from one of the stalwarts of the Jaipur-Atrauli Gharana , Pt .
 Ratnakar Pai until Dr. Ashwini Bhide-Deshpande death in 2009 .
Dr. Bhide-Deshpande holds a Masters degree in Microbiology and earned a doctorate in Biochemistry from the University of Bombay .
 a Masters degree was not until Ratnakar Pai until his death in 2009 . completed Ratnakar Pai until his death in 2009 . doctorate , when Dr. Bhide-Deshpande even considered a professional career in music .
 Despite , Dr. Bhide-Deshpande was well received by musical connoisseurs since Ratnakar Pai until his death in 2009 . late teens .
Since the late 1980s , Dr. Bhide-Deshpande has been on concert tours to every continent and frequently performs at prestigious music conferences around the world , including the Sawai Gandharva Sangeet Mahotsav in Pune , Maharashtra .
 Because of her strong influences from the Jaipur-Atrauli Gharanas , Dr. Dr. Ashwini Bhide-Deshpande , has created her own musical style that respects the vocal culture and presentation aesthetics of the Jaipur-Atrauli Gharana .
She holds a strong command over the three primary saptaks .
Dr. Bhide-Deshpande has an intimate understanding of Bandish and bandish-composition and has created many of her own bandishes , which she has published in her book , Raag Rachananjali .
A sequel titled Ragarachananjali 2 , containing 98 more bandishes was published in 2010 .
Ashwini Bhide is also a powerful teacher , as well as performer and has taught a handful of distinguished disciples like Saniya Kulkarni-Patankar , Revati Kamat , Shruti Ambekar , Saili Oak Kalyanpur , Shivani Haldipur , Dhanashree Ghaisas , and Poorvi Tonpay
Rajkumar Shyamanand Sinha was the eldest son of Raja Bahadur Kirtyanand Sinha of the Banaili estate .
 As the eldest child of a Raja , Shyamanad Sinha had many pursuits that was the hallmark of the aristocracy then but one that made the eldest child of a Raja extraordinary was the eldest child of a Raja talent and ability in Hindustani classical music .
Though Rajkumar Shyamanand Sinha learned music from many eminent names , his acknowledged Guru was the legendary Ustad Vishmadev Chattopadyay of Kolkata , who in turn had learnt music from Ustad Badal Khan of Delhigharana and Ustad Faiyaz Khan of agra Gharana .
The musical journey of Shyamanand Sinha began early in his life when he started playing harmonium and clarionet with an elder relation in his family .
The turnaround happened when in 1935 , he happened to come across a 78 RPM record of Ustad Vishmadev Chattopadyay .
The record had Rut Basant in Raga Rageshri Bahar and Piya Pardes in Patdeep , famous renditions by the Ustad .
 This moved Bahar so much that Bahar was now determined to learn music from Bahar .
When Ustad Vishmadev Chattopadyay visited his home for a performance in Champanagar , he created an even deeper impression on him .
Kumar Girijanand Sinha in his book , Banaili - Roots to Raj , notes that he was so moved by his performance that he began weeping like a baby .
He earnestly requested and was able to convince the Ustad of his sincerity , and so the Ustad agreed to become his Guru .
Shyamanand Sinha learnt from Ustad Vishmadev Chattopadyay from 1936 to 1939 .
After Vishmadev Chattopadyay left for Aurobindo Ashram in Pondicherry , Rajkumar Shyamanand Sinha continued his music lessons , at the advice of his guru , from Ustad Bachu Khan Sahib of Agra .
 Ustad Bachu Khan was the son of Ustad Badal Khan.Other eminent singers from whom Ustad Altaf Hussain Khan of Khurja obtained music lessons were Ustad Muzzaffar Khan , Ustad Mubarak Ali Khan , Pandit Bholanath Bhatt , Kedarjee , Ustad Altaf Hussain Khan of Khurja , Mahaveer Mullick , and Jaduveer Mullick .
Though not a professional vocalist , Shyamanand Sinhas singing was a literal feast for the listeners .
He was not only blessed with a gifted voice but had tremendous natural ability to bring pran in ragas and make them come alive in a most pleasing manner .
He belonged to the old school of Hindustani classical music and believed in maintaining purity and spontaneity in performance .
His rendition of bandishes , and he possessed a veritable treasure trove obtained from his gurus , was an absolute delight and mesmerised the listeners transferring the singers sense of ecstasy to the audience in a way that very few have managed to this day .
His choice of bandishes for performances were carefully selected for their sahityic value .
He laid particular emphasis on the mood of words and with extraordinary felicity married them to the mood of the ragas .
For this reason , he stood apart from the current day performers as well as many of his contemporaries .
 A taan was to be used to beautify the rendition , where apt , and in the raganga , not just for His rendition of bandishes sake .
 Lamenting about modern classical music , in an interview with AIR , A taan stated Ab to Bilaskhani me bhi wahi taan hote hain aur malhar me bhi wahi , ang mere kehne ka matlab hai .

At another place , he mentions jo bhi gao sur me gao .
As a further indication of his humility , when it came to singing , he states one can not sing if he said he can sing , adding that only the blessings of the god and guru can enable one to sing .
Shyamanand Sinha believed that singing was the highest form of devotion and this reflected in his performances .
 President Zakir Hussain , once when Zakir Hussain was Governor of Bihar , was so moved by Zakir Hussain performance that Zakir Hussain embraced Zakir Hussain stating that the Rajkumars singing was like praying to the almighty .
 The Agra influence on Zakir Hussain singing was most unmistakable .
 But , as indciated above , Zakir Hussain learnt from many others and developed Zakir Hussain own unique style of singing .
 Padmashri Gajendra Narayan Singh , former Chairperson of the Bihar Sangeet Natak Academy in his book Swar Gandhhas written that Kumar Shyamanand Singh of Banaili estate had such expertise in singing that many great singers including Kesarbai were convinced about Kesarbai prowess in singing.In case you can not believe this please ask Pandit Jasraj .
 After listening to Bandishes from Kumar Saheb , Pandit Jasraj was moved to tears and lamented that alas !
 Kumar Saheb could have such ability Kumar Saheb .
-LSB- http://girijanandsinha.blogspot.com/2008/11/banaili-roots-to-raj-continued-dynasty_3028.html .
Along with his singing prowess , his legendary voice made a tremendous mark on one and all who came in touch with him .
This included some great contemporary singers like Kesarbai Kerkar .
 Kesarbai was visiting Champanagar for a performance and was so enthused by Rajkumars rendition of Dwarikanath Sharan Me Teri that Champanagar for a performance insisted politely that Kesarbai teach the song to Champanagar for a performance .
 Champanagar for a performance even expressed Champanagar for a performance readiness to make Kesarbai Champanagar for a performance Guru for this song .
 After some hesitation , as Kesarbai then was an acknowledged maestro and Kesarbai still young and yet in Kesarbai early days , Kesarbai agreed to teach Champanagar for a performance the song .
 Kesarbai sang this composition on a few occasions later and never forgot to acknowledge Champanagar for a performance Guru for the song .
 Kesarbai regular disciples included Shri Sitaram Jha , Kumar Jayanand Sinha , Saktinath Jha , Shankaranand Singh , Suryananranyan Jha , Girijanand Sinha , Udyanand Singh , Jayanta Chattopadhyay , Vandana Jha , Amar Nath Jha , Kaushal Kishore Dubey , Shyam Chaitanya Jha , Vijay Kumar Jha and Ram Sharan Sinha .
-LSB- http://girijanandsinha.blogspot.com/2008/11/banaili-roots-to-raj-continued-dynasty_3028.html .
Unfortunately , the excellence of his singing style and tradition did not survive his death though his influence stayed with some of his disciples who are striving hard to keep the flame burning in Purnia .
Not a professional musician , he sang for his own pleasure and which reflected in his singing .
He was prone to stop singing in the middle of a performances , whenever he felt mood was deserting him , saying ab tabyat nahi lagti bhai .
 This made This difficult to plan a concert around him .
However , many of his admirers still managed to get him out for public performances in many places .
However , in general , he shunned music as a profession and never sought public recognition .
As mentioned earlier , he rarely gave public performances , most of his performances being during impromptu baithaks at his residence in Chamapanagar in the presence of his admirers and disciples .
Go and ask some of these who were fortunate to listen and they would narrate the experience in a daze as if re-visiting the emotion he generated when he sang .
Despite his strong reluctance for public acknowledgement , his followers conferred him with the title of Sangeet Bhaskar and Sangeet Sudhakar for his mastery in classical singing .
Shyamanand Sinha was also a great patron of classical music .
Ustad Vilayat Hussain Khan in his book Sangeetangyon ke Sansmaran has written : There is no better connoisseur and cognoscente of music in Bihar than Kumar Shyamanand Singh .
He was one of the chief patrons of the All India Music Conference and presented the convocation address at the 11th All India Music Conference of the The Prayag Sangit Samiti at Allahabadh on 19 December 1948 .
 He used his great wealth to open the purse strings of patronage to many maestros of Hindustani Classical Music of his time at his residence in Champanagar , turning Hindustani Classical Music of his time into a place of learning and development of classical music .
 Ustad Salamat Ali Khan -LSB- http://www.virsaonline.com/Articles/Articles%2004.htm , Ustad Altaf Hussain Khan of Khurja and Ustad Bachu Khan Sahib and many others were provided residence and patronage in Champanagar .
 He also invited many great maestros for performances , among them were Aftab - e - Maushiqi Ustad Faiyaz Khan , Ustad Bade Ghulam Ali Khan , Ustad Mubarak Ali Khan , Ustad Nisaar Hussain Khan , Pandit D.V. Paluskar , Surshri Kesarbai Kerkar , Sawai Gandharva , Ustad Vilayat Hussain Khan , Ustad Hafiz Ali Khan , Ustad Altaf Hussain Khan of Khurja , Pandit Jasraj , Dilip Chand Vedi , Ustad Mushtaq Hussain Khan , Pandit Narayanrao Vyas , Pandit Basavaraj Rajguru , and Ustad Salamat Ali Khan and Nazakat Ali Khan -LSB- http://girijanandsinha.blogspot.com/2008/11/banaili-roots-to-raj-continued-dynasty_3028.html , Malang Khan , Allauddin Khan , Mushtaq Ali , Pandit Bholanath Bhatt , Pandit Chinmay Lahiri , Mahaveer Mullick , Jaduveer Mullick and Ramchatur Mallick.Ustad Yunus Hussian Khan refers to Raja Shyamanand Singh of Chamapanagar as having invited Maushiqi Ustad Faiyaz Khan to sing on the occasion of Maushiqi Ustad Faiyaz Khan sons marriage .
-LSB- http://www.agragharanarukavipa.org/artists/past/yunus_hussain_khan.htm .
 It is narrated that , in 1944 , at the time of the Dasehra festival , he invited Usrad Salamat Ali Khan and Nazakat Ali Khan to perform at Usrad Salamat Ali Khan palace .
 Kumar Saheb was so enthused by the expert rendition of Raag Malkaus thst Kumar Saheb would not allow them to leave Champanagar .
 The boys and The boys father stayed as guests of the Rajkumar for nearly two months .
 He also was responsible for sending The boys to All India Music Conference as his court musicians where The boys received wider recognition for the first time .
Pandit Channulal Mishra first performance as a young artiste was at Champanagar for Kumar Saheb .
 After listening to Pandit Channulal Mishra , Kumar Saheb wanted to keep the boy at Champanagar as the boy at Champanagar court musician .
 Unfortunately , the few professional recordings done by All India Radio in the latter part of Pandit Channulal Mishra life are untraceable .
 Only a few amateur recordings of Pandit Channulal Mishra singing are available with Pandit Channulal Mishra family members and friends .
These are rare treasures and absolute delight for the senses .
 They have somehow survived Pandit Channulal Mishra idiosyncratic hatred for recording largely due to the efforts of his disciple nephew Kumar Girijanand Sinha , and lately by Kumar Girijanand Sinhas nephew , Santosh Jha .
 Every year on Pandit Channulal Mishra birth anniversary a classical musical programme is organised in Purnea in Pandit Channulal Mishra memory .
Reference to Ustad Vishmadev Chattopadyay as a Guru of Rajkumar Shyamanand Sinha .
 Banaili - Roots to Raj by Kumar Girijanand Sinha ; a quick reference to extracts are available here .
Swar Gandh written by Padmashri Gajendra Narayan Singh , former Bihar Sangeet Natak Academy Chairman and musicologist .
Surile Logon Ki Sangat by Padmashri Gajendra Narayan Singh , former Bihar Sangeet Natak Academy Chairman and musicologist
Ustad Nasir Aminuddin Dagar was an Indian dhrupad singer in the dagar-vani style .
 Ustad Nasir Aminuddin Dagar is also remembered as the younger brother in the legendary jugalbandi or duo of Senior Dagar Brothers .
 Ustad Nasir Aminuddin Dagar along with Ustad Nasir Aminuddin Dagar elder brother Ustad Nasir Moinuddin Dagar was responsible in reviving the dhrupad tradition that had fallen to a nadir after the death of their father Ustad Nasiruddin Khan Dagar .
 Ustad Nasiruddin Khan had an early premonition of their father Ustad Nasiruddin Khan Dagar own death and spend ten years training their father Ustad Nasiruddin Khan Dagar two elder sons Ustad Nasir Moinuddin Dagar and Ustad Nasir Aminuddin so as to impart all their father Ustad Nasiruddin Khan Dagar musical knowledge to them .
Subsequently after Ustad Nasiruddin Khans demise the two brothers trained under Ustad Riyazuddin Khan and Ustad Ziauddin Khan Dagar .
 Young Aminuddin gave Ustad Nasir Aminuddin first performance at the age of eleven .
 It was however the 1940s that saw the meteoric rise of Ustad Nasir Moinuddin Dagar and Ustad Nasir Aminuddin as the Senior Dagar Brothers -- two of the brightest stars in the dagar-vani Dhrupad firmament .
 Within Moinuddin and Aminuddin Moinuddin and Aminuddin not only transformed the art of Dhrupad singing but also breathed new life to the form of duet or jugalbandi singing .
Previously jugalbandi in the field of classical music had degenerated into a competition between the two singers where each tried to outdo the other in exhibitionism .
 Ustad Nasir Moinuddin Dagar and Ustad Nasir Aminuddin on the other hand brought back the concept of a harmonious synchronization between the two singers .
 In a typical performance by the Senior Dagar Brothers , the honey rich voice of Ustad Nasir Aminuddin will draw the audience into a deep meditative mood by gradually descending the notes of the lower octaves and Ustad Nasir Moinuddin Dagar would dazzle the listeners with Ustad Nasir Moinuddin Dagar alankars or ornamentations in the upper octave .
After having established Dhrupad in a pedestal of glory in India , they were invited to perform abroad .
The two brothers visited Russia and Japan mezmerising the audience of both East and West with their divine music .
 Their music proved to be so charming that Alain Danielou the renowned musicologist and the then director of UNESCO invited them to tour Europe and perform under the UNESCO banner in Berlin Venice and Paris .
 In 1964 the European audience listened enthralled to their singing and newspaper after news paper declared the glory of dagar-vani Dhrupad and of the Senior Dagar Brothers .
A review of their performance published in Le Monde of Paris dated 17 November 1964 perhaps best expresses the mood of the western audience : '' ... we will remain under the deep impression of an art of such greatness and intensity that ... we feel touched and moved to the deepest of our being . ''
Ustad Nasir Moinuddin Dagar died soon after this concert in 1966 .
 Aminuddin who had regarded Ustad Nasir Moinuddin Dagar brother as his greatest guru and his father substitute was left completely devastated but Ustad Nasir Aminuddin continued Ustad Nasir Aminuddin journey as a solo performer .
 The next phase of Aminuddins life unfolded in Kolkata where Ustad Nasir Aminuddin came in January 1966 as the founder principal of Birla Academy Swar Sangam .
 In 1975 Ustad Nasir Aminuddin founded Ustad Nasir Aminuddin own Dhrupad institute and named after Ustad Nasir Aminuddin elder brother Ustad Nasir Moinuddin Dagar Dhrupad Sangeet Ashram .
 Ustad Nasir Aminuddin planned it as an Ashram where disciples will stay close to their guru and learn the subtle nuances of dagar-vani Dhrupad through the age old guru sishya parampara .
It is now the oldest surviving institute solely dedicated to the preservation and propagation of dagar-vani Dhrupad .
 It is here that Ustad Nasir Aminuddin trained some of the best dhrupad singers of the next generation including Alaka Nandy , Ashoka Dhar , Sujata Moitra and Anu Burman .
Ustad Nasir Aminuddin dagar had been honoured with numerous awards and accolades .
 Below is a list of some important awards that Ustad Nasir Aminuddin Dagar received :
Pandit Dattatreya Vishnu Paluskar , was a Hindustani classical vocalist .
 Pandit Dattatreya Vishnu Paluskar was considered a child prodigy .
D.V. Paluskar was born in Nasik , Maharashtra to well-known Hindustani musician Vishnu Digambar Paluskar .
 D.V. Paluskar original surname was Gadgil , but as they hailed from the village Palus , they came to be known as the Paluskar family .
 D.V. Paluskar was only ten years old when D.V. Paluskar father died , and was subsequently trained by Pandit Vinayakrao Patwardhan and Pandit Narayanrao Vyas .
 D.V. Paluskar was also trained by Pandit Chintamanrao Paluskar and Pandit Mirashi Buwa .
 D.V. Paluskar gave D.V. Paluskar debut performance at the Harvallabh Sangeet Sammelan in Punjab at the age of fourteen .
 D.V. Paluskar inherited the Gwalior gharana and the Gandharva Mahavidyalaya , but D.V. Paluskar was always open to adopting aesthetic features of other gharanas and styles .
 D.V. Paluskar had a very sweet and melodious voice .
 D.V. Paluskar alap clearly outlined the raga he sang ; this was followed by the bandish embellished by beautiful taans in an effortless enchanting style .
He was a master at presenting an attractive and comprehensive picture of a raga in a very short duration .
Besides pure classical music , he was also a great bhajan singer .
He cut his first disc in 1944 and visited China as a member of the Indian cultural delegation in 1955 .
He is also famous for an unforgettable duet with Amir Khan in the film Baiju Bawra .
The only other film he sang for was a Bengali film called Shaap Mochan
Ghulam Hassan Shaggan is a Pakistani classical singer of the Gwalior Gharana .
His father 's name was Bhai Lal Mohammad , who belonged to the Gwalior - Kapurthala Gharana .
Ghulam Hassan Shaggan , along with his father and family , moved to Pakistan in 1947 and settled in Lahore .
His father Bhai Lal was appointed music supervisor at Radio Pakistan where the son started performing .
This was a time of intense emotional and financial troubles which abated over a period of 12 years , as Shaggan gained recognition and started performing more frequently at Radio Pakistan , The All Pakistan Music Conference , and other events in Pakistan and abroad .
Among several titles and awards , Shaggan received the Sangeet Samrat at the music conference in Calcutta in 1962 , the Pride of Performance in 1988 and Sitara-e-Imtiaz in 2000 from the Government of Pakistan .
He received countless awards and titles during his 1962 tour of India .
He was conferred with the titles of Sangeet Rattan , Sangeet Alankar , Sangeet Samrat , Sindh Sangeet Mandalam and King of Music from the Sindh Sangeet Mandal in Mumbai .
On the same tour , he was presented with a certificate of recognition by sarod maestro Hafiz Ali Khan .
In recent years , Ghulam Hassan Shaggan has received recognition in Europe as an outstanding representative of the North Indian classical music tradition .
His talent was first recognized and expounded by French musicologists Gerard Kurgijian and Martina Catella which led to performances in France , Sweden , Spain , Switzerland , Germany and the UK .
Ghulam Hassan Shaggan also collaborated with the alternative / trance band Fun-Da-Mental , contributing an arrangement of his original bandish in Raag Bhopali to the band 's 2001 album , There Shall be Love !

Shaggan Sahib currently lives in Iqbal Town , Lahore with his sons Qadir Shaggan and Mazhar Shaggan .
 He continues to perform in public with youthful enthusiasm and the characteristic vigor of the Gwalior gayiki
Bimalendu Mukherjee is world-renowned Hindustani classical sitar player , and a teacher of the Imdadkhani gharana , .
 sitar player Budhaditya Mukherjee is a learned and eclectic musician - although sitar player Budhaditya Mukherjee was an Imdadkhani sitar student of Enayat Khan , a full list of sitar player Budhaditya Mukherjee teachers also includes sitarist Balaram Pathak , khyal singers Badri Prasad and Jaichand Bhatt of the Patiala and Kirana gharanas , Rampur gharana beenkar Jotish Chandra Chowdhury , sarangi and esraj maestros Halkeram Bhat and Chandrikaprasad Dube and pakhavaj drummer Madhavrao Alkutkar .
 sitar player Budhaditya Mukherjee also studied with Birendra Kishore Roy Chowdhury , the zamindar of Gouripur in present-day Bangladesh , who taught sitar player Budhaditya Mukherjee the moribund sursringar .
 sitar player Budhaditya Mukherjee is the father and teacher of sitar player Budhaditya Mukherjee .
 sitar player Budhaditya Mukherjee other students include Dr. Arvind V. Joshi , Aniruddha A. Joshi , Arun Moroney , Sanjoy Bandopadhyay , Pt .
Sudhir Kumar , Anupama Bhagwat , Joydeep Ghosh , Madhusudan RS , Ravi Sharma , Rajeev Janardan , Kamala Shankar , Brigitte Menon .
 Sudhir Kumar should not be confused with Bimal Mukherjee , a sitar player of the same generation
Udaka Vadya is an Indian musical instrument .
It is assumed either this musical instruments had been Jal tarang or similar to it .
This percussion instrument has been categorized in medieval musical treatise under Ghan Vadya .
This instrument has been mentioned in Vatsyayanas Kamasutra , also Sangeeta Parijata of the 17th century mentioned about this instrument .
The skill to play this instrument was one of the essential 64 kala to be learnt by a woman
Pandit Prasun Banerjee was a Hindustani classical vocalist from the Patiala Gharana .
 Pandit Prasun Banerjee desire to excel in Hindustani vocal music led Pandit Prasun Banerjee to leave college at age twenty and undertake rigorous talim in the Guru-shishya parampara , first from Jamini Ganguly and later from Jnan Prakash Ghosh .
 Pandit Prasun Banerjee was selected as an ` A ` grade artist by All India Radio .
 In 1957 Pandit Prasun Banerjee married Meera Chatterjee and later both of them became disciples of Bade Ghulam Ali Khan .
 Pandit Prasun Banerjee taught classical music at the Calcutta School of Music and received the ITC award and the Bhuwalka award
Ustad Aman Ali Khan ` Amar ' was an Indian classical vocalist and composer from the Bhendibazaar Gharana .
 Ustad Aman Ali Khan ` Amar ' brought many Carnatic ragas into Hindustani classical music .
Aman Ali was the son of Chhajju Khan , one of the founders of the Bhendibazaar Gharana , who came from Moradabad , Uttar Pradesh and settled in the Bhendibazaar area of Bombay .
 Aman Ali learned Carnatic music under the guidance of Kalanidhi Bidaram Krishnappa , court musician of Mysore state .
 Aman Ali introduced rhythmic play and style of solfa singing to the Bhendibazaar gharana .
 Aman Alis music was especially noted for Aman Alis music rhythmic sargam patterns , for which Aman Ali derived inspiration from Carnatic music .
 The great vocalist Amir Khan considered Aman Ali to be a major musical influence in Aman Ali life .
Aman Ali left Bombay in 1947 and settled in Pune .
 Aman Ali contracted pneumonia while visiting Delhi for concerts and died on February 11 , 1953 .
 Aman Ali style influenced Amir Khan and Vasantrao Deshpande .
 Aman Ali disciples include T. D. Janorikar , Muhammed Hussain Khan , playback singers Manna Dey and Lata Mangeshkar , music director Nisar Bazmi , Wali Ahmed Khan , B. Chaitanya Dev and harmonium player Shantilal
Kalyan Kumar Mukherjea was an authority on Indian classical music , particularly the Senia Shahjahanpur Gharana of Sarod .
 Kalyan Kumar Mukherjea was also a mathematician .
 Kalyan Kumar Mukherjea was born in Calcutta in 1943 .
 Kalyan Kumar Mukherjea father , A K Kalyan Kumar Mukherjea , was a successful barrister who rose to become a judge of the Supreme Court of India .
Justice Mukherjea was also a scholar of Indian philosophy , and had made significant contributions to Navya-Nyaya literature .
Kalyan thus grew up in a milieu that placed considerable significance on erudition and culture .
Justice Mukherjeas close friends included musicians like the sarod maestro Radhika Mohan Maitra .
Young Kalyan began training under Maitra in 1956 .
He also studied with the sitarist , vocalist and composer , Prof D T Joshi .
Mukherjeas musical education continued uninterrupted throughout his performing career , but there were periods during which he was not under the direct tutelage of a master .
 These years spent in relative isolation from the Indian music scene , Kalyan Kumar Mukherjea believes , contributed as much to Kalyan Kumar Mukherjea growth as a musician as did Kalyan Kumar Mukherjea formal training .
 Kalyan Kumar Mukherjea has had a unique experience , doubling as a mathematician and an uncompromising classicist on the sarod .
 Kalyan Kumar Mukherjea obtained Kalyan Kumar Mukherjea undergraduate degree from Cambridge University , followed by a doctorate in mathematics from Cornell .
 In 1968 , Kalyan Kumar Mukherjea joined the mathematics faculty of UCLA .
 Kalyan Kumar Mukherjea remained at UCLA until 1976 , when Kalyan Kumar Mukherjea returned to India to take up a professorship at the Indian Statistical Institutes in Delhi and Calcutta .
 Kalyan Kumar Mukherjea research interests primarily concerned topology .
 Kalyan Kumar Mukherjea had to Kalyan Kumar Mukherjea credit authoritative publications in Fredholm manifolds and coincidence theory .
 In collaboration with Rajendra Bhatia erstwhile research student Rajendra Bhatia , Rajendra Bhatia had also contributed to matrix analysis .
 According to the American Mathematical Society collaboration distance calculator , Rajendra Bhatia Erdos number is 4 .
 Rajendra Bhatia work had spawned a significant body of further research , by Rajendra Bhatia erstwhile students as well as colleagues and contemporaries .
 Rajendra Bhatia had also mentored several significant contributors to the field , including Rajendra Bhatia , Basudeb Datta , Siddhartha Gadgil , Amritanshu Prasad , Mahan Mitra , and Kingshook Biswas .
 Justice Mukherjea contribution to music is considerable if unconventional .
 Rajendra Bhatia has been recognised as a pedagogue , theorist and performer of merit .
 This recognition , however , has been sporadic in coming , although Rajendra Bhatia own involvement with music remained fairly consistent across different stages of Rajendra Bhatia life .
 While at UCLA , Kalyan Kumar Mukherjea served as an instructor of Hindustani instrumental music in the newly formed ethnomusicology department , and collaborated closely with Nazir Jairazbhoy in the early days of the program .
 Kalyan Kumar Mukherjea students include Dr. Peter Manuel , Professor of Music at Hunter College , CUNY , who has acknowledged Kalyan Kumar Mukherjea debt to Kalyan Kumar Mukherjea in several publications .
 Kalyan Kumar Mukherjea performances have been limited .
 Kalyan Kumar Mukherjea 25-year span as a performing artist saw Kalyan Kumar Mukherjea play about fifty concerts in all .
 His 25-year span as a performing artist was entirely by chance that Kalyan Kumar Mukherjea encountered Lyle Wachovsky of India Archive Music , New York , who gave Kalyan Kumar Mukherjea music a global audience by publishing a full-length CD of Ragas Shuddha Kalyan and Shukla Bilawal .
 Most of Mukherjeas concerts have been recorded , and if one manages to get past the often poor recording quality , Kalyan Kumar Mukherjea has much to offer to the connoisseur of Indian raga music .
 Additionally , from 1983 to 1990 , Kalyan Kumar Mukherjea was a regular broadcaster on All India Radio , Delhi .
While Kalyan was living in Los Angeles , his friend Jeffrey Pawlan made a high quality recording of Kalyan playing Piloo alap on the sarod on Sept. 22 , 1974 .
 Los Angeles is 10.5 minutes long .
This recording has now been digitized and will be available soon from the Rajan Parrikar Music Archive .
Mukherjeas music is difficult to categorise under usual taxonomic classifications .
 While rooted in tradition , a high quality recording of Kalyan does not rigidly adhere to convention .
His approach values logic and aesthetic sensitivity above other considerations .
 A good example of this is His approach to interpreting the controversial Raga Shuddha Kalyan , which finds mention in an article by Deepak Raja on the issue .
 In May 1995 , Justice Mukherjea musical career came to a sudden end , as His suffered a paralytic stroke , and lost mobility of the left side of His body .
 Research in topology continued for a number of years , but waned eventually as Kalyans eyesight , already a matter of concern at the time of Kalyans stroke , began to deteriorate very rapidly into near-total visual impairment .
 In the last phase of Kalyans life , Kalyan Kumar Mukherjea led an active life for a person of Kalyans physical limitations .
 Kalyans was deeply involved in the community of visually impaired computer users , and had assisted several such individuals in setting up the Audio Desktop of Emacspeak .
 Additionally , Kalyans continued to play an inspirational role in the lives of a number of young mathematicians .
 On the musical front , other than providing occasional guidance to other disciples of Radhika Mohan Maitras gharana , the sarod maestro Radhika Mohan Maitra nurtured a number of his own pupils , including Anirvan DuttaGupta and Arnab Chakrabarty .
One of Kalyans friends in Los Angeles was Jeffrey Pawlan .
 After Kalyan moved back to India in 1976 , other disciples of Radhika Mohan Maitras lost track of each other .
 his friend Jeffrey Pawlan reconnected via email and phone in January 2009 .
 Here is additional information from an email that Kalyan wrote to his friend Jeffrey Pawlan on Jan. 25 , 2009 : .
A lot of things have changed since 76 , when I left L A .
 In 1980 I marriage floundered and in May 81 I got an ex parte .
divorce from Deepa .
 In 84 I married a Telugu poetess who also played .
the Carnatic Veena .
 We had a son in 85 , who is now in the Carnatic Veena . penultimate .
year at the National Law School in Bangalore .
 Sadly , I wife , Lalita , .
 As for other news : I had a retinal detachment in I right eye and lost .
all vision in that eye .
 I am now completely blind : the left eye has .
stopped functioning through a combination of cataract and glaucoma .
 I .
 sarode playing days ended in May 95 when I suffered a massive stroke .
 which has left I left side completely paralyzed .
 However since I .
 left brain was unaffected , I continued to teach till I retired in .
October of 2005 .
 I had visited the US for about 3 months in 90 to .
 lecture in Hawaii , UCLA and MIT .
 I spent most of I time in New Jersey .
 with I sister-in-law .
 While there I recorded some music for India .
Archives Music of New York .
They released a CD based on these .
recordings in 2003 .
You probably saw these mentioned when you googled .
 I .
 In 2003 I also published a graduate level textbook of maths , the .
 second edition of which I revised last year .
 Needless to say , I. operate I computer using a text to speech synthesizer and .
a wonderful Audio Desktop written by an Indian-born engineer who now .
Prof. Mukherjea died on 31 March 2010 , after suffering a massive heart attack a few weeks before .
1 .
 Kalyan Kumar Mukherjea , Kalyan : Differential Calculus In Normed Linear Spaces , American Mathematical Society , 2003
He was born and raised in Kolkata , and studied at the South Point High School and subsequently graduated from the Scottish Church College .
 He received He musical education at the early age of seven and started learning vocal music from Pandit Maharaj Baneejee and harmonium from Pandit Mantu Banerjee subsequently learning tabla .
 He serious training in the traditional Guru Shishya Parampara started with Pandit Kanai Dutta , after the untimely death of He first guru Tanmoy became a GANDA BANDH shagird of Pandit Shankar Ghosh .
 his first guru Tanmoy has performed extensively with some of the greatest musicians of Indian Classical Music all over the world like Ustad Munawar Ali Khan , Pandit V.G Jog , Ustad Imrat Khan , and many others .
 This ace globe-trotting new age percussionist has been performing with the musical legend , Padma Bhushan Ustad Amjad Ali Khan from as early as Padma Bhushan Ustad Amjad Ali Khan college days .
 Another great milestone in Tanmoy Bose 's life was achieved when Ravi Shankar invited Pdt Ravi Shankar to play regularly with Pdt Ravi Shankar around the world ; Tabla Maestro Pandit Tanmoy Bose would spend almost half of the year traveling with the legendary maestro .
 his first guru Tanmoy has been an ardent researcher and composer .
 his first guru Tanmoy long tours abroad had given his first guru Tanmoy opportunities to interact and play with musicians , composers , choreographers and the like his first guru Tanmoy put to very good use his first guru Tanmoy rich experience acquired hereby and created Beyond Borders , Chaturang Moksh , Taalyagna etc. , based on the virtues of Indian Rhythm and Dance nuances .
 In 2002 his first guru Tanmoy world music project Taaltantra - showcasing familiar sounds through unfamiliar mediums , cross cultural rhythm and devices won the hearts of connoisseurs and critics alike .
 his first guru Tanmoy is acknowledged as one of the foremost musicians to have started the movement of initiating folk songs and tribal drumming into band format .
Designing a musical filigree between traditional Folk and Indian Classical along with time less Jazz and South American drumming .
Taaltantra in recent years has emerged as one of the foremost world music bands regularly enthralling audiences in the Mid-East , North America , Europe and India experimenting with timeless Jazz , Indian Classical Music , Folk Music and indigenous drumming .
 Taaltantra takes you to the world of sounds and makes you experience a unique synthesis .
The name signifies sadhana or worship through rhythm .
 Even though Taaltantra essentially is not dealing with just drumming , The name has elements of various instrumentation coming full circle .
The world of sound is the forte of the band which is worth experiencing .
Tanmoy Bose is one of India 's best known Tabla virtuoso of this generation .
 Tabla Maestro Pandit Tanmoy Bose long association with the two great icons Pdt Ravi Shankar and Ustad Amjad Ali Khan has made Tabla Maestro Pandit Tanmoy Bose a global musical ambassador .
 Besides these classical repertoires Tabla Maestro Pandit Tanmoy Bose has worked on numerous projects worldwide .
 Tabla Maestro Pandit Tanmoy Bose has been a participating musician on three Grammy winning recordings Concert for George .
Full Circle .
& Living room sessions-part one .
He has been successfully composing music for National Award winning feature films and various other documentaries and ballets .
A unique partnership of music , dance , theatre , food , fashion is helping to define fusion for the 21st century .
Building on our distinctive heritage - and extensive experience in providing a platform for world culture to come together .
This is to embrace the new , the experimental and the unexpected .
 Being the cultural capital , Kolkata stands to be the premier city of India in terms of innovation .
The city has evolved over the years fusing tradition and contemporary forms - Victorian and Mughal architecture , European - Indian classical & folk music , Chinese-Mughal & European cuisine , Tuxedos and Angrakhha blended with kurta and sarees creating new apparels .
The three day cultural extravaganza will provide a platform for world cultures to come together , explore and interact with each other through the varieties of choreography , music and cuisines.Some of the greatest artists performed in the festival .
Pandit Trilok Gurtu , Pandit Vikku Vinayakram , Sree Shivamani , Sree Selva Ganesh , Gino Banks , karthik , Mother jane , taal inc and many others .
 This is an effort conceived and designed by famous Percussionist and Tabla Maestro Pandit Tanmoy Bose and initiated by Celebrations International to showcase all these forms in one canvas creating an ambience to take the audience in a journey which Kolkata has never experienced before .
 An effort first time of its kind being staged in Kolkata .
Vesh Tantra -- where timeless Raga 's pulsating rhythm and aesthetic fashion wear comes full circle .
The unique feature of this evening lies within the combination of fashion and Ragas depicting the colour of the sky during different parts of the day .
Our lives revolve throughout the day in various moods at various points of time .
Likewise , nature , atmosphere and the Heaven above too change as the day grows older .
This unique effort combines the colours of the sky epitomized by moods of the ragas which are typical of the various hours of the day .
 This unique effort is of common knowledge that Our wear dresses of various colours to suit the times of the day - hence the unique bridge between fashion and music Vesh Tantra .
 Each Raga may be typified by certain hues and tints - likewise colours in Our dresses depict the moods and emotions of the Ragas and bring out the different persona of those wearing the dresses .
 Swataantra , as the word defined Swataantra , is an independent and fresh idiom in music that sets a platform for tabla maestro Tanmoy Bose 's concept of guitar and percussion ensemble .
 Guitars , in different forms , prevalent today , with the likes of the electric tenor guitar , to the slide guitar , to the contra bass guitar finds centre stage along with Tanmoy Bose Swataantra , as the word defined itself on tabla , and other percussion .
This project stands out with the emphasis being laid on the cross talk between essentially the guitars themselves , on the conversations between the guitars and percussion .
 The project is purely instrumental , and mutates to the world - fusion - jazz genre by marrying phrases and dialogues of some of the most complex yet heart churning improvisational music forms like Hindustani , Carnatic Indian Classical and Jazz .
The project also gives out the scope of featuring national and international musicians from time to time .
Yet , sweeter than the cooing nightingale is a sound .
You think only you can talk ?
Think again ... Silent voices ... voices of the raindrops nestling on the leaves of the Amazonian rain forest , the endless babble of a breathless river , the murmur of the broken wind ... sand , water , breeze , the voice is all over , all around .
 Put your ears close to the earth ... you 'll hear the soil 's heart beat in all ... The sound of the soil is the quintessence of existence ... Nada Brahmam ... Nada Brahmam ... the ` Param Braham ' .
The soil is who you 're .
It is from where you came , and it is where we will go .
The evening of 16 September is an echo of that voice .
It 's an evening where distance , time loose sense .
An evening of enchantment devoted to that one rhythm ... the rhythm of the heart and soul .
The rhythm of the ragas of the musician , the bells of the dancer , the words of the poet .
The evening begins with an invocation of that ` Sound of the soil ' ... The light of the lamp , the holy stotras and mantras , the mudras of the dancer shall evoke the Goddess of the Soil from whom we 're born .
 The journey moves on with the magic of music ... the north and the south , Hindusthani and Hindustani , Carnatic coming close to each other to show Hindustani , Carnatic 's the same soil we 're born from and divisions are but man-made .
The mystic Sufi nostalgia of Baul & Fakirs singers will tell the story of the elements of the soil ... as will the clashing of the swords of Kalaripayattu speak of the vigour and strength with which Mother Earth holds us all .
The giddy strains of Manipur Khol players in between and the heady beats of Dhak at the end of the show will make us realize how different yet how similar can the .
understanding of the same soil be , and the words of the poet shall thread all these strains together showing the eternal quality of this voice ... The Sound of the soil ... one which connects the hearts beyond distance .
Come along with me experiencing the music of Baul n Beyond !
 A communion of Jazz , Indian Classical Music , various indigenous drums and percussion along with the timeless lyrics of the great Sufi Saint Lalan Fakir is going to give you a high worth experiencing .
This is my humble effort to showcase the best of world music .
The extended length of each track is a deliberate effort to create an environment of utmost listening pleasure .
The interweaving of instruments and voice is my interpretation of pure music .
It is for you to decide and endorse my dear listeners my version of World Music .
 Mahabharata revisited is a Contemporary representation of the epic where Mahabharata comes alive in the perfect blend of music , fashion and dance .
Unlike a dance recital or a fashion show , here the characters come alive as an admixture of dance movements that also flaunt designer clothes and jewellery as a part of the choreography .
The music is a heady dosage of Timeless Indian Classical flavour that comes alive under the magic wand of director Pt .
Tanmoy Bose .
Thus Timeless Indian Classical music seamlessly merges with choreographed movements with fashionable attire and jewellery , form , a never-seen-before experience .
Be prepared to be pleasantly surprised by the modern audio-visual interpretation of the episodes of Kach-Debjani , Karna-Kunti , Draupadi , Shakuntala , Gandhari , Brihannala and Hirimba .
The entire presentation is conceived and designed by Pt .
Tanmoy Bose .
 The genre is a crossroad of Sufi , Folk , Jazz and Indian Classical Music performed by the music maestro and new age percussionist Tanmoy Bose .
 Sufi love for rhythm and Sufi inseparable quest for life and music have led Sufi to explore and master several genres of Indian and International music .
 Rock Qawwali is yet another instance of Sufi musical genius that transcends the borders of classical and non-classical music and builds a bridge between the various genres
The Delhi Gharana is the oldest of all tabla gharanas , and is also the first to establish improvisation rules .
 the very first Gharana of Tabla was founded in North-East India , and is easily one of the most , if not the most , common Gharana used today , the Purbi Gharana also originates form the eastern areas of the very first Gharana of Tabla .
 Delhi Gharana , the very first Gharana of the instrument Tabla , was founded in the early 18th century most probably by Mia Siddhar Khan Dhadi , who is often also referred to as the inventor of the Tabla , although it is debatable , as there have been similar pair-drums in ancient India called Pushkar Vadya .
Siddhar Khan is the earliest available name found in historical records .
Even mention of the instrument Tabla is not found earlier than Siddhar Khan .
 Mia Siddhar Khan Dhadi , having been a pakhawaj player , was responsible for incorporating pakhawaj bols to the style .
 However , the tabla , not the pakhawaj , is now the main instrument of the the very first Gharana of Tabla Gharana .
 Siddhar Khan and Mia Siddhar Khan Dhadi descendants contributed greatly to the development of the Tabla language and compositional structures of the Peshkars and the Qaidas .
 The the very first Gharana of Tabla tabla style is famous for The Delhi tabla style vast and rich repertoire of the Qaidas .
Overall , the sound quality tends to focus on avoiding the overuse of loud , resonant baya strokes in favor of lighter , more precise strokes .
Bols such as dha , tete , terekete and tinnakena are prominent .
The temperament and style of playing is generally soft and esoteric .
 A few notable masters of this school are Ustad Natthu Khan , Gamay Khan , his son Inam Ali Khan son Inam Ali Khan , Chatur Lal and Latif Ahmed Khan
Jayashree R. Patnekar is a Hindustani classical vocalist .
 Hindustani has received training in Gwalior , Jaipur , Gwalior style of singing and Kirana gharana .
 Hindustani has received training from the great maestro Gajananrao Joshi .
Jayashri Patanekars family is originally from Sawantvadi .
Patanekar was initiated into Hindustani classical music by the late Vithalrao Pai at Sawantwadi .
 the late Vithalrao Pai family shifted base to Goregaon in Mumbai .
 Jayashri Patanekars family father was a painter and later started working in secretariat .
 When Jayashri Patanekars family was 16 Jayashri Patanekars family began learning under K. D. Gavkar of the Kirana gharana at Mumbai .
 K. D. Gavkar of the Kirana gharana guruji was disciple of Abdul Karim Khan .
 Abdul Karim Khan learnt from K. D. Gavkar of the Kirana gharana for quite some time and participated in All India Radio music competition in 1963 where Abdul Karim Khan came second .
 Abdul Karim Khan recording was sent in Delhi and later in 1964 , Abdul Karim Khan came first in the entire country .
 Abdul Karim Khan family decided to organize a small function to felicitate Gavkar guruji .
 It was during this function Jayashri Patanekars family met Gajananrao Joshi , who was the chief guest of the program .
 Gajananrao Joshi graciously agreed to train Jayashri Patanekars family .
 It was under Gajananrao Joshi that Jayashri Patanekars family matured as a vocalist .
 the great maestro Gajananrao Joshi trained Jayashri Patanekars family in all aspects of the vocal music and nuances of Jaipur , Gwalior style of singing , Gwalior style of singing .
 Jayashri Patanekars family also took guidance from Nivruttibua Sarnaik and Pandit Ratnakar Pai of Jaipur , Gwalior style of singing gharana .
 A regular artiste of All India Radio , Jayashri Patanekars family has performed for AIR Mumbai and from 1977 onwards from AIR Dharwad .
 Recognized as an A Grade artiste in 1983 , Jayashri Patanekars family has performed for National Programmes as well as Tuesday Night Concerts .
 A regular concert performer , Jayashri Patanekars family has participated in music conferences in the major cities of India as well as the NCPA , Dadar-Matunga Music Circle , Sawai Gandharva Music Festival , Pune , Gwalior Sangeet Sammelan , Gwalior , Basant Sangeet Sammelan , Delhi and the AIR Sangeet Sammelan , Lucknow .
The Hindu : Sangeeta Nritya Academy awards announced , Sangeeta Nritya Academy awards announced , October 2012 .
Artist of the Month at ITC SRA , ITC Sangeet Research Academy , September 2007 .
Video : Jayashri Patanekar performing at Gandharva Mahavidyalay , Pune on the occasion of 60th Birthday of Smt .
 Madhuri Dongare , Madhuri Sangeet Vidyalay , Pune , July 31 , 2010
 Mand or Maand is the famous style of singing in the Rajasthan 's .
 the famous style of singing in Rajasthan is well recognized in classical circles and this style is very important in folk-songs of the Rajasthan 's .
This is neither accepted as a full-fledged Raga nor is it reckoned among the freely rendered folk songs .
It is very near the Thumri or the Ghazal .
It is the exclusive contribution of Rajasthani folklore to the classical music of India .
 It is the Rajasthan 's most sophisticated style of folk music and is most exclusive contribution to the classical music of India .
Some famous Mand singers are : Allah Jilai Bai from Bikaner -RRB- , Mangi Bai arya from Udaipur & last but not the least Gavari Bai from Jodhpur .
 The famous Rajasthani song Kesariya Balam is in the Mand style
Wajahat Khan is an Indian sarod player who has earned international acclaim since 1977 .
 Wajahat Khan is the third son of Imrat Khan , nephew of Vilayat Khan and a member of the multi-generational musical Wajahat Khan family which founded the Imdadkhani Gharana .
 Wajahat Khan was born in Calcutta , India and now divides Wajahat Khan time between the London Sinfonietta and India .
 Wajahat Khan started Wajahat Khan professional career in music as a child prodigy singer touring the world at the age of 8 including a performance on BBC Television .
 In Wajahat Khan teens , Wajahat Khan decided to specialise in sarod , marking an interesting departure from Wajahat Khan familys traditional instruments of sitar and surbahar .
 Wajahat Khan has performed extensively around the world including performances at prestigious venues such as the Kremlin , the Acropolis of Athens , the Royal Albert Hall for the Proms , the Smithsonian Institution , Suntory Hall and the Glastonbury Festival .
 Whilst mainly focussing on traditional Indian classical music , Wajahat Khan has also ventured into crossover working with orchestras such as the London Sinfonietta .
 Wajahat Khan has composed for and recorded with the Medici String Quartet
Sami Yli-Sirnio is a Finnish guitarist who plays rock and metal .
 Sami Yli-Sirnio spent part of Sami Yli-Sirnio life in Germany and thus has strong ties with the German metal scene .
 German Rock Hard magazine featured Sami Yli-Sirnio in 2007 as forgotten guitar hero .
 While living in Germany , Sami Yli-Sirnio served as a session musician for rock band In Rags , gothic act Tiamat and thrash metal band Grip Inc. .
 For both Tiamat and Grip Inc. , Tiamat played sitar , Tiamat second favourite instrument .
 Sami Yli-Sirnio originally joined experimental Finnish crossover legend Waltari in 1989 , left the band 1995 to live in Germany and returned 2001 .
 So far Sami Yli-Sirnio recorded 8 studio albums with Waltari .
 Sami Yli-Sirnio likes to explore other opportunities and has many guest appearances with other bands .
 Sami Yli-Sirnio also replaced injured Swiss guitarist Tommy Vetterli on some live dates for Teutonic thrash metal pioneers Kreator .
 In 2001 , Vetterli departed and Sirnio was asked to replace Sirnio on a permanent basis .
To this day , he has recorded 4 successful studio albums with the band : 2001s Violent Revolution , 2005s Enemy of God , 2009s Hordes of Chaos and 2012s Phantom Antichrist .
He also appears on the Live Kreation double-album and DVD , released in 2003
In Hindustani music , sargam refers to singing the notes instead of the words of a composition , with use of various ornamentations such as meend , gamak , kan and khatka , as part of a khyal performance .
This is generally done in medium-tempo as a bridge between the alap and taan portions .
As an example , one could sing PmRSnSRRSRnSPnmPgmnnPmgmRSnS in raga Adana , given that ragas vadi - samvadi and the rules of the raga .
 The use of sargam in khyal performances was introduced by Abdul Karim Khan , who was inspired by The use of sargam in khyal performances use in Carnatic music .
 Aman Ali Khan further refined The use of sargam in khyal performances use and made its use in Carnatic music an integral part of the Bhendibazaar style .
Many of the khyal styles today use sargam to some extent , with the exception of the Jaipur-Atrauli and Gwalior styles
Akhtari Bai Faizabadi or Begum Akhtar was a well known Indian singer of Ghazal , Dadra , and Thumri .
 Akhtari Bai Faizabadi received the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award for vocal music , and was awarded Padma Shri and Padma Bhushan by Govt .
of India .
 Akhtari Bai Faizabadi was given the title of Mallika-e-Ghazal .
Begum Akhtar was born in Bada Darwaza , Town Bhadarsa , Bharatkund , Faizabad District , Uttar Pradesh .
 Begum Akhtar father , Asghar Hussain , a young lawyer who fell in love with Begum Akhtar mother Mushtari and made her mother Mushtari Mushtari second wife , subsequently disowned Begum Akhtar and Asghar Hussain twin daughters Zohra and Bibbi .
 Begum Akhtar was barely seven when Begum Akhtar was captivated by the music of Chandra Bai , an artist attached to a touring theatre group .
 However at Begum Akhtar uncles insistence Begum Akhtar was sent to train under Ustad Imdad Khan , the great sarangi exponent from Patna , and later under Ata Mohammed Khan of Patiala .
 Later , Begum Akhtar travelled to Calcutta with Begum Akhtar mother and learnt music from classical stalwarts like Mohammad Khan , Abdul Waheed Khan of Lahore , and finally Begum Akhtar became the disciple of Ustad Jhande Khan .
 Begum Akhtar first public performance was at the age of fifteen .
 The famous poetess , Sarojini Naidu , appreciated Sarojini Naidu singing during a concert which was organised in the aid of victims of a Bihar earthquake of 1934 .
 This encouraged Sarojini Naidu to continue singing ghazals with more enthusiasm .
 Sarojini Naidu cut Sarojini Naidu first disc for the Megaphone Record Company , at that time .
 A number of gramophone records were released carrying Sarojini Naidu ghazals , dadras , thumris , etc. .
 Begum Akhtars good looks and sensitive voice made Begum Akhtar an ideal candidate for a film career in Begum Akhtar early years .
 When Begum Akhtar heard great musicians like Gauhar Jan and Malak Jan , however , Begum Akhtar decided to forsake the glamour of the film world for a career in Indian classical music .
 Begum Akhtar supreme artistry in light classical music had its moorings in the tradition of pure classicism .
 Begum Akhtar chose Begum Akhtar repertoire in primarily classical modes : a variety of raags , ranging from simple to complex .
 After the advent of talkie era in India , Beghum Akhtar acted in a few Hindi movies in thirties .
 East India Film Company of Calcutta approached Begum Akhtar to act in King for a Day and Nal Damayanti in 1933 .
 Like others of that era , Begum Akhtar sang Begum Akhtar songs Begum Akhtar in all Begum Akhtar films .
 Begum Akhtar continued acting in the following years .
 Subsequently Beghum Akhtar moved back to Lucknow where Begum Akhtar was approached by the famous producer-director Mehboob Khan , as a result of which Begum Akhtar acted in Roti which was released in 1942 and whose music was composed by maestro Anil Biswas .
 Roti contained six of her ghazals but unfortunately due to some trouble between producer and director , Mehboob Khan subsequently deleted three or four ghazals from the film .
All the ghazals are available on Megaphone gramophone records .
 Beghum Akhtar , meanwhile , left Bombay and returned to Lucknow .
 In 1945 , Begum Akhtar married a barrister , Ishtiaq Ahmed Abbasi , and became known as Begum Akhtar .
 However , after marriage , due to Begum Akhtar husbands restrictions , Begum Akhtar could not sing for almost five years and subsequently , Begum Akhtar fell ill , that is when Begum Akhtar return to music was prescribed as a befitting remedy , and in 1949 Begum Akhtar returned to the recording studios .
 Begum Akhtar sang three ghazals and a dadra at Lucknow Radio Station .
 Begum Akhtar wept afterwards and returned to singing in concerts , a practice that lasted until Begum Akhtar death .
 Begum Akhtar voice matured with time , adding richness and depth .
 Begum Akhtar sang ghazals and other light classical pieces , singing them in Begum Akhtar inimitable style .
 Begum Akhtar has nearly four hundred songs to Begum Akhtar credit .
 Begum Akhtar was a regular performer on All India Radio .
 Begum Akhtar usually composed Begum Akhtar own ghazals and most of Begum Akhtar compositions were raag based .
 During Begum Akhtar last concert in Ahmedabad Begum Akhtar raised the pitch of Begum Akhtar voice as Begum Akhtar felt that Begum Akhtar singing had not been as good as Begum Akhtar had wanted it to be and Begum Akhtar felt unwell .
 The additional demand and stress that Begum Akhtar put Begum Akhtar under resulted in her falling ill and was rushed to the hospital .
 Begum Akhtar died on October 30 , 1974 in the arms of Nilam Gamadia , Begum Akhtar friend , who invited Begum Akhtar to Ahmedabad , which has become Begum Akhtar final performance .
 * Zikr us Parivash Ka : Begum Akhtar in Lucknow , by Saleem Kidwai in Shaam e Awadh : Writings on Shaam e Awadh , edited : Veena Oldenberg , Penguin Book , 2007 , New Delhi
Rampur-Sahaswan gharana is a gharana of Hindustani classical music centered in the North - Uttar Pradesh towns of Rampur and Sahaswan .
Ustad Inayat Hussain Khan was the founder of this gharana .
 The gharana find its origins in Ustad Mehboob Khan , the chief khayal singer the royal court of Rampur State , his tradition was followed by his son Ustad Inayat Hussain Khan and in turn by Inyats brother-in-laws , Ustad Haider Khan , and Padma Bhushan Ustad Mushtaq Hussain Khan -LRB- , thus all the singers were connected with each other , and gharana was named after Inyats brother-in-laws ancestral place , Sahaswan , in present Badaun district .
Amongst noted disciples of Padma Bhushan Ustad Mushtaq Hussain are Padma Shri Ustad Ghulam Sadiq Khan , married to his youngest daughter and associated with the Music department of the Delhi University , Sulochana Brahaspati , Sumati Mutatkar , Shanno Khurana and Naina Devi .
Inayat Khan was a child prodigy , and his first married the daughter of Haddu Khan of the Gwalior gharana , and took talim from Ustad Bahadur Hussain Khan , a descendant of Mian Tansen himself .
 The style has influences of the Dhrupad singing typical of the Gwalior gharana , and the Rampur-Shahaswan style is sometimes regarded as an off-shoot of the Gwalior gharana .
 The Rampur-Sahaswan gayaki is closely related to the Gwalior Gharana , which features medium-slow tempos , a full-throated voice and intricate rhythmic play .
The gharana style is also known for the diversity and intricacy of the taans , as well as tarana singing .
The renowned singers of this gharana include the first and , perhaps the foremost disciple of Ustad Inayat Hussain Khan , Ustad Hyder Khan sahab .
In fact , Ustad Hyder Khan and his family plays a vital role in upbringing the legacy of this illustrious family as , not only him but , after his demise , his son Ustad Fida Hussain Khan and his grandson , the renowned maestro Padma Bhushan Ustad Nissar Hussain Khan made sure that the legacy carries forward to the next generation .
Ustad Nissar Hussain Khan was not just a singer but a great teacher who has given the gharana what it has in the modern era .
Also , another legendary singer of this gharana is Padma Bhushan Ustad Mushtaq Hussain Khan , who was a disciple of Ustad Hyder Khan and later on , groomed by Ustad Inayat Hussain Khan sahab .
He was the recipient of the first Padma Bhushan award in singing .
Belonging to the family of the gharana are the disciples and relatives of Padma Bhushan Ustad Mushtaq Hussain Khan Sahab , one of the other pioneers of the gharana .
His family consists of his sons , Ustad Ishtiyaaq Hussain Khan , Ustaad Is-haaq Hussain Khan , Ustad Ghulam Hussain Khan , Ustaad Ghulam Abid Khan , Ustad Ghulam Taqi Khan !
, Ustad Wajid Husain khan , Ustad Jafar Hussain Khan Badayuni , Ustad Afzal Hussain Niazami,son-in-law Ustad Ghulam Sadiq Khan , Ustad Ghulam Nizam-ud-deen Khan , Ustaad Ghulam Fareed-ud-deen Khan , Ustaad Shujaat Hussain Khan , Ustaad Sakhawat Hussain Khan , Ustaad Shehzad Hussain Khan , Ustaad Maqbool Hussain Khan , Ustaad Muhammad Ahmed Khan , Ustad Ghulam Siraj Khan , Ustad Ghulam Abbas Khan , Ghulam Naqi Khan , Ghulam Rasool Khan , Ghulam Habib Khan , Naushad Ali Khan , Ghulam Azeez Khan , Usama Khan Niazi , Zeashaan khan , Salman Khan Niazi , Ghulam Fakhr-ud-deen Khan , Amir Khan , Areeb Khan Niazi , Ghulam Hasan Khan , Muneer Khan Niazi , Mushtaq Hasan Khan and the youngest Classical singer of the gharana Master Mehndi Hasan Niazi .
Belonging to the other family of the same gharana are also the desciples and releatives of Padma Bhushan Ustad Mushtaq Hussain khan .
Ustad Nissar Hussain Khan gave some of the best exponents in the field of Indian Classical Music such as Ustad Hafeez Ahmed Khan , Ustad Sarfaraz Hussain Khan , Ustad Ghulam Mustafa Khan , Ustad Iftikhar Hussain Khan Ustad Ghulam Akbar Khan , Zulfiqar Hussain Khan , Ateeq Hussain Khan , Ustad Rashid Khan , Ustad Mujahid Hussain Khan , Mushahid Hussain Khan and Wajahat Hussain Khan and Ghulam Niyaz Khan .
Also belonging to the same lineage are Ustad Aftab Ahmed Khan , Ghulam Qadir Khan , Ghulam Murtuza Khan , Nadeem Khan , Danish Hussain Khan , Azeem Khan , Shazeb Hasan , Arshad Khan , Rizwan Khan and Shahbaaz Hussain .
 Apparently , there were artists who came in and learned under the able guidance of these legends of Rampur Sahaswan Gharana such as Chajju Khan and Nazir Khan , Pandit Ganpat Rao , Ustad Hafeez Khan of Gudiyani .
 Some other famous names in the same category of musicians who came from elsewhere and learned in Rampur Sahaswan Gharana are Shanno Khurana , Sulochana Brihaspati , Arun Bhaduri , Deepak Chatterjee , Pradeep Chatterjee , Pranab Biswas , Prasad Kharpade , Chandan Das , A.Hariharan , Sonu Nigam and Shaan , to name a few .
 In 2006 , Dr Sakuntala Narasimhan , herself a disciple of Ustad Hafeez Ahmed Khan , published a book on the Rampur-Sahaswan gharana titled , The Splendour of Rampur-Sahaswan Gharana
 Pandit Wamanrao Sadolikar was a Hindustani Classical vocalist of the Jaipur-Atrauli Gharana founded by Pandit Wamanrao Sadolikar guru , Utd .
Alladiya Khan .
Pt .
Wamanrao Sadolikar was born into a family of music lovers in Kolhapur .
As a teenager , he studied classical music under Pt .
V. D. Paluskar of the Gwalior Gharana .
 Pandit Wamanrao Sadolikar career put Pandit Wamanrao Sadolikar into many roles on the stages of Marathi Natya Sangeet , as a singer-actor , a music director and a director .
 Pandit Wamanrao Sadolikar also had several film appearances .
 Pandit Wamanrao Sadolikar studied music under Utd . .
Bhurji Khan and Utd .
 Alladiya Khan , and Alladiya Khan . instructed Alladiya Khan . brother , Madhukar Sadolikar , Alladiya Khan . daughter Smt .
Shruti Sadolikar-Katkar , and Smt .
Manjiri Kavre-Alegaonkar
Jhaptal is one of the most famous talas of Hindustani music , after Teental .
It presents quite a different rhythmical structure from teental , unlike which , it is not symmetrical .
 Jhaptal is a 10-beat pattern used in raga exposition .
It has ten beats in four divisions , of 2-3-2-3 , the third of which is the khali , or open division .
To follow the tal the audience claps on the appropriate beat , which in jhaptal is beats 1 , 3 and 8 .
A wave of the hand indicates beat 6 , the first beat of the khali section .
Note the bols used for the first beat of each division : Dhi , is played at the beginning of the first , second and final divisions ; for the khali section , Na - a right hand bol - is used to indicate that the division is open
Sugarless is the first single from Swami s 2009 Greatest Hits compilation 53431 .
Initially released as a free download on the popular Asian entertainment website DesiHits.com , the track quickly gained steam in the UK and North America , garnering critical acclaim from popular Asian media outlets such as the BBC Asian Network .
 Written by Diamond Duggal aka DJ Swami , S-Endz and Liana McCarthy , the song is an electronic pop song with driving percussion and a combination of male vocals sung by Sups and rapped by S-Endz and a female chorus sung by Liana McCarthy .
 The tracks popularity continued throughout 2009 Greatest Hits , and The tracks popularity was listed as the # 2 song of 2009 Greatest Hits by BBC Asian Network DJ Bobby Friction .
A music video for the song was released in late 2009 , compiling live and rehearsed footage of the band
Brij Bhushan Kabra is an Indian musician who popularized the guitar as an instrument in Indian classical music .
 Brij Bhushan Kabra was born in 1937 to Goverdhanlal Kabra in Jodhpur where Brij Bhushan Kabra spent Brij Bhushan Kabra youth .
 Brij Bhushan Kabra was interested in sports and listened to Indian classical music but did not intend to become a musician and trained as a geologist .
 During a visit to Kolkata Brij Bhushan Kabra discovered the Hawaiian lap slide guitar and convinced Brij Bhushan Kabra father to let learn a visit to Kolkata by promising to only play classical music .
 Brij Bhushan Kabra then lived in Ahmedabad , Gujarat , learnt the instrument by imitating records , and later studied under Ali Akbar Khan .
 Brij Bhushan Kabra modified the guitar by adding sympathetic and drone strings .
 Brij Bhushan Kabra became the first Indian musician to play raga on the guitar , performed publicly , and recorded the successful album Call of the Valley with santoor player Shivkumar Sharma in 1960 .
 The guitar was seldom used in Indian classical music , and Brij Bhushan Kabra guitar playing gained popularity in the 1970s hippie culture .
 Brij Bhushan Kabra recorded solo albums and concentrated on teaching since the 1990s but continued to perform .
 Brij Bhushan Kabra was awarded the Rajasthan Sangeet Natak Akademi Award for 1983-84 , was made a fellow of the Rajasthan Sangeet Natak Akademi for 1995-96 , and received the national Sangeet Natak Akademi Award for 2005
Reenat was born in 1967 .
She began taking lessons on Sitar since her school days .
She is the daughter of Mobarak Hossain Khan , a former Director General of Bangladesh Shilpakala Academy and the Chairman of the Trustee Board of Nazrul Institute , and Fauzia Khan , a vocal artiste in Bangladesh .
She is the granddaughter of Ustaad Ayet Ali Khan .
 Reenat Fauzia started Reenat Fauzia training in music lessons from Reenat Fauzia cousin Ustaad Shahadat Hossain Khan , a Sarode player of Bangladesh .
 Later , Reenat Fauzia received Reenat Fauzia ` Guru-Shishya-Parampara ' music training from Reenat Fauzia cousin Ustaad Khurshid Khan , a Sitar preceptor .
 Reenat Fauzia completed a five years certificate course on Sitar from ' Chhayanaut ' , a music institute of Bangladesh .
 Later on Reenat Fauzia joined the faculty of the same institute as a teacher .
 After taking lessons on Sitar for twelve years , Reenat Fauzia joined participating in programs of Bangladesh Television and Bangladesh Betar .
 Reenat Fauzia also makes appearance in stage for performing solo recital on Sitar .
 During Reenat Fauzia visit to the US , UK , the Netherlands , Belgium , Germany , France , Philippines , and Hong Kong , Reenat Fauzia performed recitals on Sitar .
Reenat Fauzia has receivedAnanya Shirsho Dosh award in 2009 .
 In the first one , music was composed and directed by Reenat Fauzia uncle Sheikh Sadi Khan , while in the second one there are also recitals of Reenat Fauzia mentor Ustad Khurshid Khan , and Reenat Fauzia grandfather Ustad Ayet Ali Khan .
` Haramanik ' , with Dr. Mridulkanti Chakrobarty , was published by Laser Vision Limited
The Indian santoor is an ancient string musical instrument native to Jammu and Kashmir , with origins in Persia .
A primitive ancestor of this type of instruments was invented in Mesopotamia .
The santoor is a trapezoid - shaped hammered dulcimer often made of walnut , with seventy two strings .
The special-shaped mallets are lightweight and are held between the index and middle fingers .
A typical santoor has two sets of bridges , providing a range of three octaves .
The Indian santoor is more rectangular and can have more strings than the Persian counterpart , which generally has 72 strings .
In ancient Sanskrit texts , it has been referred to as shatatantri vina .
 In India , the santoor was used as an accompaniment instrument to the folk music of Kashmir .
 India is played in a style of music known as the Sufiana Mausiqi .
 The Sufi mystics used India as an accompaniment to The Sufi mystics hymns .
The trapezoid framework is generally made out of either walnut or maple wood .
The top and bottom boards sometimes can be either plywood or veneer .
On the top board , also known as sound board , wooden bridges are placed , in order to seat stretched metal strings across .
The strings , grouped in units of 3 or 4 , are tied on nails or pins on the left side of the instrument and are stretched over the sound board on top of the bridges to the right side .
On the right side there are steel tuning pegs or tuning pins , as they are commonly known , that allows tuning each unit of strings to a desired musical note or a frequency or a pitch .
The santoor is played while sitting in an asana called ardha-padmasana position and placing it on top of the lap .
While playing , the broad side is closer to the waist of the musician and the shorter side is away from the musician .
It is played with a pair of light wooden mallets or hammers with both hands .
The santoor is a very delicate instrument and is very sensitive to light strokes and glides .
The strokes are played always on the strings either closer to the bridges or a little away from bridges .
Both styles result in different tones .
Sometimes strokes by one hand can be muffled by the other hand by using the face of the palm just to create variety
Kamalesh Maitra , often referred to by the title Pandit , was an Indian classical musician , composer and teacher .
He is recognised as the last master of the tabla tarang - a melodic percussion instrument consisting of numerous individually tuned hand drums , set in a semicircle .
Maitra grew up in Calcutta and played the tabla until joining Uday Shankar s ballet company in 1950 and taking up the tabla tarang .
He became the companys musical director and toured internationally with the troupe through to the mid 1970s .
 Along with Alla Rakha , Shivkumar Sharma , Hariprasad Chaurasia and others , Maitra was among the musicians that Ravi Shankar selected for Udays brother Ravi Shankar Music Festival from India for HMV India revue in 1974 .
 Alla Rakha then accompanied Shankar on ex - Beatle George Harrison s North American tour that year - a venture that led to former Beatle George Harrison performing with American jazz musicians Emil Richards and Tom Scott .
Maitra settled in Berlin in 1977 , where he performed and worked as a music teacher .
In 1980 , he formed the Ragatala Ensemble , an orchestra that fused elements of Indian and European classical music with jazz and other Western genres .
Among his recordings , Tabla Tarang - Melody on Drums has received critical acclaim , one reviewer describing it as a milestone in world music .
 Maitra developed strong cultural ties with Berlin and continued to live and work in Germany until his death in 2005 .
Kamalesh Maitra was born in Tangail in East Bengal in 1928 .
and the family lacked the musical lineage commonly associated with Hindustani classical music .
 Maitra spent his formative years in Calcutta , absorbing much of the European influence on the city .
At the age of twelve , he began playing a variety of hand drums , including tabla .
In 1950 , Maitra joined Uday Shankar s ballet and dance company , as master drummer .
Having established himself as a tabla player , he was asked to master the tabla tarang , an instrument made up of between ten and sixteen tablas , specifically the treble-variety dayan .
With each hand drum tuned to a different pitch , producing a range of roughly one and a half octaves , Maitra was able to provide a combined melodic-rhythmic role in performances of ragas or ballet and dance compositions .
While developing the potential of the tabla tarang , he continued his advanced musical studies , learning the lute-like sarod under the tutelage of Ali Akbar Khan .
From 1955 , Maitra was musical director of Shankars troupe , for whom he composed and directed music for a wide range of stage productions .
During a period of over twenty years , he toured the United States , China , Africa and Europe with the company .
 In 1974 , Udays brother Ravi Shankar invited Maitra to join his Music Festival from India for HMV India revue , sponsored by former Beatle George Harrison , a champion of Indian classical music in the West .
Maitras fellow performers included internationally acclaimed musicians such as Alla Rakha , Lakshmi Shankar , Shivkumar Sharma , Hariprasad Chaurasia , Sultan Khan and L. Subramaniam .
Maitra recorded a studio album in England with the Music Festival orchestra - released in 1976 on Dark Horse Records - contributing on tabla tarang , sarod and ektara , before they all undertook a short European tour .
The Music Festival from Indias debut performance , filmed at Londons Royal Albert Hall on 23 September 1974 , was released on DVD in 2010 , as part of the four-disc box set Ravi Shankar-George Harrison , Collaborations .
 Maitra then joined the Music Festival personnel for Harrisons North American tour in November-December 1974 , performing in the more jazz - inflected style of Udays brother Ravi Shankar Udays brother Ravi Shankar Family & Friends crossover album .
 In keeping with Udays brother Ravi Shankar efforts to elevate the status of Indian percussionists , Maitra combined with Alla Rakha , T.V. Gopalkrishnan and Rijram Desad in extended , four-way drum soloing - the highlight of Indian percussionists set , and a source of fascination for Harrisons North rock drummers Jim Keltner and Andy Newmark .
 For the finale to the Indian portion of each concert , Maitra and the rest of Udays brother Ravi Shankar ensemble played with Harrisons North entire band , which also included jazz percussionist Emil Richards and saxophonist Tom Scott .
 Long interested in the possibilities of Indo-European musical fusion , Maitra performed at the 1976 Meta-Music Festival in Berlin , in what was then West Germany .
 After moving to Berlin the following year , Indo-European began teaching Indian classical instrumentation , and in 1980 formed the Ragatala Ensemble with some of Indo-European students .
 In 2003 , Germanys House of World Cultures website wrote of Maitras music with the Ragatala Ensemble : The group has enabled Indo-European to fulfil Indo-European old dream of having Indo-European compositions played by a mixed European-Indian orchestra .
The pieces follow the rules of classical Indian music but are deliberately fused with elements of European classical music , jazz and new music .
 Among Indo-European subsequent projects , from 1983 to 1988 Maitra participated in the Nada Brahma - the Whole World is Sound initiative by Joachim-Ernst Berendt ; in 1992 , as part of Berlins Indian Festival , Indo-European orchestral works were performed at the HKW ; and in 2000 Indo-European contributed to Festival of Vision - Berlin in Hong Kong .
 Indo-European worked again with Udays brother Ravi Shankar on the soundtrack to the film Genesis , recorded in Paris .
 In Indo-European 1997 autobiography , Raga Mala , Udays brother Ravi Shankar describes Maitra as an extremely versatile musician , while the Boston Phoenix once said of Udays brother Ravi Shankar playing : far from an eccentric novelty , is simply one of the great drummers of India for HMV India to record in this century .
 Indo-European also worked with Charlie Mariano , an American saxophonist who similarly relocated to Europe during the 1970s , and Israeli clarinetist Giora Feidman .
 Among Maitras many recordings , starting with Tabla Tarang - Magnificent Percussion of India for HMV India , in 1993 Indo-European released Masters of Raga : Kamalesh Maitra on Germanys Wergo record label .
The album features tabla accompaniment from Kumar Bose .
 The following year , the Gramophone Company of India for HMV India issued The Voice of Sarod from the Strokes of Drums - Tabla Tarang by Kamalesh Maitra , on which he played three ragas accompanied by Alla Rakha son Fazal Qureshi on tabla and Laura Patchen on tambura .
 This was followed in 1996 by Tabla Tarang - Melody on Drums , issued in America by Smithsonian Folkways .
in November 1993 , contains a performance of Raga Charukeshi on which music critic Ken Hunt praises Maitras playing as phenomenal .
In September 2000 , Maitra was awarded the Musicale Vitale prize at Berlins Werkstatt der Kulturen festival .
 He continued to perform and record with the Ragatala Ensemble until 2003 , the same year that he premiered his final orchestral work , Raag Symphonia , in Berlin .
Maitra died on 22 April 2005 , aged 76 , in Kreischa , near the German city of Dresden .
 music critic Ken Hunt describes music critic Ken Hunt as a master musician and attributes much of music critic Ken Hunt musical vision to the pioneering spirit of Uday Shankar , who painted the backdrops against which many trained musicians learned to deliver traditional music in a new age for people with no grounding or appreciation of traditional styles of dance or music .
Maitra is commonly referred to as the last master of the comparatively rare tabla tarang
Pravin Godkhindi is a flute player following the Hindustani style of music .
 Pravin Godkhindi is a trained Electrical engineer and an alumnus of SDM College of Engineering and Technology , Dharwad .
 Pravin Godkhindi plays traditional Hindustani style of flute as well as contemporary .
 Pravin Godkhindi father Pt.Venkatesh Godkhindi is a renowned bansuri maestro , vocalist and A-grade radio artist , mainly serving AIR , Technology , Dharwad .
 His father Pt.Venkatesh Godkhindi started learning flute from His father Pt.Venkatesh Godkhindi father at the age of three .
Venkatesh Godkhindi trained Pravin for decades together.Pravinn has mastered fathers own unique style of singing on flute.He is a master of thanthrakari style .
 his father Pt Venkatesh Godkhindi has experimented with fusion of both Indian and Western music .
 his father Pt Venkatesh Godkhindi has given many solo concerts in India and abroad .
 his father Pt Venkatesh Godkhindi is playing a very significant role in popularizing the Indian Classical Music among the masses .
 The 3 generations concert which his father Pt Venkatesh Godkhindi performed with his father Pt Venkatesh Godkhindi father Pt Venkatesh Godkhindi and son Shadaj Godkhindi caught the attention of flute lovers all over the world .
 his father Pt Venkatesh Godkhindi has also performed at the World Flutes Festival at Mendoza , Argentina in September , 2010 .
 his father Pt Venkatesh Godkhindi was awarded the title Suramani at the age of 16 .
 his father Pt Venkatesh Godkhindi is the first southindian Bansuri artiste to be graded A-Top .
 his father Pt Venkatesh Godkhindi is also the first Indian to perform on the 8 feet contrabass flute , which has renamed as GODs BANSI .
 his father Pt Venkatesh Godkhindi has composed music for innumerable popular TV serials such as Garva , Malebillu .
 his father Pt Venkatesh Godkhindi won the Aryabhata award for his father Pt Venkatesh Godkhindi composition of title track for Garva , Malebillu .
 his father Pt Venkatesh Godkhindi has composed music for films like Beru and krishna nee late aagi baaro .
 his father Pt Venkatesh Godkhindi has also composed music for several dance ballets and dramas .
 his father Pt Venkatesh Godkhindi is known for his father Pt Venkatesh Godkhindi fusion albums and a raga based TV show Ragaranjini .

He has performed with veteran musicians like Ustad Zakir Hussain , Dr Balmurali Krishna , Pt .
 Kadri Gopalnath , Pt .
Vishwa Mohan Bhatt , Vidwan Kumaresh and many others .
 Vishwa Mohan Bhatt album by name Raaga Rang in association with saxophone maestro Shri Kadri Gopalnath has been very popular .
 BRINDAVAN - with Vishwa Mohan Bhatt father Pt .
Venkatesh Godkhindi ,
Ritesh Das is a tabla player who has been studying , teaching and composing since the early 1970s .
 Pandit Chitresh Das is the founder and artistic director of the critically acclaimed Toronto Tabla Ensemble .
Ritesh Das was born in Kolkata , West Bengal to parents Nrityacharya Prohlad Das and Smt .
Nilima Das .
 Nilima Das . is the brother of renowned Kathak dancer , Pandit Chitresh Das .
 Pandit Chitresh Das graduated from Don Bosco High School in 1975 and went on to study commerce at City College , Kolkata from 1976-1978 .
 Pandit Chitresh Das parents opened a music and dance academy , Nritya Bharati , the first of Don Bosco High School in 1975 kind in Kolkata , which allowed Pandit Chitresh Das immediate exposure to music and tabla at a young age .
 Pandit Chitresh Das musical studies began in 1972 , studying tabla with Pandit Shankar Ghosh , vocals with T.L. Rana , and sitar with M.D. Mullick .
 When Pandit Chitresh Das was 22-years-old , Pandit Chitresh Das moved to Los Angeles , USA , to be a part of the AMAN Folk Ensemble .
 While in California , Pandit Chitresh Das served an apprenticeship under Zakir Hussain and then began studying tabla with Pandit Chitresh Das current guru , Pandit Swapan Chaudhuri at the Ali Akbar College of Music .
 In 1987 , Pandit Chitresh Das moved to Toronto where Pandit Chitresh Das began teaching tabla on a full-time basis .
 In 1991 , Pandit Chitresh Das formed the The Toronto Tabla Ensemble .
 Along with the ensemble , Pandit Chitresh Das has nationally toured Canada six times as well as touring Australia in 2006 and India in 2011 .
They have performed at numerous jazz and folk festivals , and have also appeared on CBC News Network and Much Music .
 In 2000 , They album , Firedance , received a nomination for the Juno Award for Best Global Album .
 Along with the Ensemble , Pandit Chitresh Das has released six CDs to date and is currently composing music for the Ensembles seventh CD .
Das served on the music committee of the Toronto Arts Council from 1996-1998
Maqbool Ahmed Sabri was a major Qawwali singer , and a leading member of the Sabri Brothers , a leading qawwali group .
 Born in Kalyana in eastern Punjab , his father Ustad Inayat Sen Sabri was initially educated in the north Indian classical tradition by his father Ustad Inayat Sen Sabri father Ustad Inayat Sen Sabri .
The family came from a musical background , and claimed direct descent from Mia Tansen , who had played at the court of the 16th-century Mughal emperor Akbar .
 Mehboob Baksh Ranji Ali Rang , Mehboob Baksh Ranji Ali Rang paternal grandfather , was a master musician of Mehboob Baksh Ranji Ali Rang time ; Baqar Hussein Khan , Baqar Hussein Khan maternal grandfather , was a unique sitarist .
 Mehboob Baksh Ranji Ali Rang family belongs to the Sabriyya order of Sufism , hence the surname his father Ustad Inayat Sen Sabri .
 The family made the perilous journey to Karachi during the partition of India in 1947 , though his father Ustad Inayat Sen Sabri was almost left behind and rejoined the family party only when a servant found him still in the house - The family had to run to catch up , clutching one of his instruments .
 his father Ustad Inayat Sen Sabri furthered his father Ustad Inayat Sen Sabri knowledge of music under Ustad Fatehdin Khan , Ustad Ramzan Khan , and Ustad Latafat Hussein Khan Rampuri .
 Showing musical talent from a young age , With the help of his father Ustad Inayat Sen Sabri father , his father Ustad Inayat Sen Sabri formed a Qawwali group at the age of eleven and name it Bacha Qawwal Party .
 Soon afterwards , Ghulam Farid Sabri , who was then performing with Ustad Kallan Khans Qawwali party , joined his father Ustad Inayat Sen Sabri and became the leader of the party , which soon came to be known as Sabri Brothers .
Their first recording , released in 1958 under the EMI Pakistan label , was the Urdu Qawwali , Mera Koi Nahin Hai .
Their later hits included Tajdaar-E-Haram and Balaghal Ula Be Kamalehi Saqia Aur Pila , O Sharabi Chorde Peena .
They have sung many Qawwalis in Persian like Nami Danam Che Manzil Boodh , Chashm-e-Mast-e-Ajabe , etc. of Hazrat Amir Khusro and also Man Kunto Maula and Rang of Hazrat Amir Khusro .
They have also sung a Kalaam of Imam Ahmed Raza Khan which is in four languages -- Arabic , Persian , Urdu , and Hindi .
The kalaam is Lam Yaati Nazeeruka Fee Nazarin .
This can be read in the website : .
The Sabri Brothers is the only qawwali troupe which has a first class status in the Pakistan Television Corporation .
 Popular film and recording artists in Pakistan , the Sabri Brothers troupe has toured Europe , Asia and the Middle East .
 In 1970 the Government of Pakistan sent them to Nepal as representatives for the royal wedding .
 They were the first exponents of the Urdu Qawwali , Mera Koi Nahin Hai to the West , when they performed at New Yorks Carnegie Hall in 1975 .
 In 1975 they performed in the United States and Canada under the auspices of The Performing Arts Program of The Asia Society.In April 1978 , the album Qawwali was recorded in the United States , while the Sabri Brothers were on tour .
The New York Times review described the album as `` the aural equivalent of dancing dervishes and the music of feeling .
In June 1981 , they performed at the Royal Tropical Institute in Amsterdam They played the Womad festival in the UK in 1989 - one of a series of appearances there - and released the album Ya Habib on Peter Gabriels Real World Records label the following year.In 1996 , they performed at the Brooklyn Academy of Music Next Wave Festival , as part of a double-bill with alt-rockers Cornershop .
On November 17 , 2001 They performed in DOM at ON THE CARPET Oriental Culture Festival .
 his father Ustad Inayat Sen Sabri was considered a master of improvisational wordplay , often making references in Urdu and Punjabi , as well as Persian or Arabic , to historical events or traditional poetry .
 his father Ustad Inayat Sen Sabri opened the doors for international qawwali stars such as Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan , as well as broadening the music 's fanbase at home .
Maqbool Sabri also sing ghazal which included Tere Ghungroo Toot Gaye , Aa Jan-e-Wafa , Kabhi Tanha Beith Ke , Gul Badan Gul Pairhan , Jab Kabhi Aankh Milate Hain , Din Ek Sitam , Mere Mizaj Ki Awargi and Aaina Tord Diya .
Several of their qawwalis have featured in films .
Mera Koi Nahin Hai appeared in the 1965 film Ishq-e-Habib , Mohabbat Karne Walo in the 1970 film Chand Suraj , Aaye Hain Tere Dar Pe in the 1972 film Ilzam , Bhar Do Johli Meri Ya Muhammad in the 1975 film Bin Badal Barsaat , Teri Nazr-e-Karam in the 1976 film Sachaii , Tajdar-e-Haram in the 1982 film Sahaaray , and Aftab-e-Risalat in the 1977 Indian film Sultan-e-Hind .
 Mera Koi Nahin Hai is survived by Mera Koi Nahin Hai wife , Fatima , a son , Shumail , and Mera Koi Nahin Hai daughters , Ameema Shah , Gulerukh , Kanza Imaan and Tini .
The singer , who was being treated in a hospital in South Africa for two months , had been suffering from heart problems and diabetes .
 his father Ustad Inayat Sen Sabri died in South Africa on Wednesday September 21 , 2011 due to cardiac arrest
Chintaman Raghunath Vyas , popularly known as C. R. Vyas , was an Indian classical singer .
 Chintaman Raghunath Vyas was renowned for singing khyal style .
C. R. Vyas was born in Osmanabad , Maharashtra , into a family of Sanskrit scholars and Hari kirtankars .
 C. R. Vyas was influenced by the singing , of C. R. Vyas father and grandfather , episodes from Ramayan and Mahabharata .
 C. R. Vyas had C. R. Vyas initial training from Govindrao Bhatambrekar of the Kirana gharana for a decade .
 Then C. R. Vyas learnt from Rajamrambuva Paradkar of Gwalior Gharana .
 While C. R. Vyas was training in the Gwalior style of singing , C. R. Vyas was impressed by Jagannathbuwa Purohit who belonged to Agra Gharana and started learning from C. R. Vyas .
 C. R. Vyas also got the guidance from Yeshwantbuva Mirashi .
 C. R. Vyas was benefited by other scholar musicians namely Acharya S N Ratanjankar , Chidanand Nagarkar , S. C. R. Bhat and K. G. Ginde .
 C. R. Vyas was having an open throated voice and has created C. R. Vyas own style with the nice blend of different flavours from all these gharanas .
 However , the influence of the Gwalior gayaki , is quite prominent .
 a leading artist in AIR and on TV musical performance clearly shows a leading artist in AIR and on TV efforts , honesty and devotion towards music .
 Music was penance for a leading artist in AIR and on TV and a pathway to the almighty .
 Music was a leading artist in AIR and on TV first love , first commitment and a leading artist in AIR and on TV first passion .
 a leading artist in AIR and on TV had been employed at ITC in a white collar job .
Music was not a primary vocation .
 In a leading artist in AIR and on TV own words , In our time we did not think of earning either fame or money through music .
 a leading artist in AIR and on TV was a leading artist in AIR and on TV .
 a leading artist in AIR and on TV has participated in major musical events in India as well as abroad .
 Among a leading artist in AIR and on TV disciples are Prabhakar Karekar , Kunda Veling , Sriram Parasuram , Sanjeev Chimmalgi , Ganapati Bhat and a leading artist in AIR and on TV son Suhas Vyas .
 Jitendra Abhisheki was Jitendra Abhisheki student for almost ten years .
 Jitendra Abhisheki was also engaged in research on traditional ragas and compositions .
 The new ragas composed by Jitendra Abhisheki shows the height of Jitendra Abhisheki musical talant .
 Shiv-abhogi , Dhanakoni-Kalyan , Sagera , Shuddha Ranjini , Sanjogiya and several other ragas composed by C. R. Vyas are popularly heard in concerts .
 Dhanakoni-Kalyan personality had another wonderful flavour of compsing bandish .
 Dhanakoni-Kalyan composed more than 200 bandishes in different ragas under the pen-name Gunijan .
 As a tribute to Dhanakoni-Kalyan Guru Gunidas his Guru Gunidas started the Gunidass Sangeet Sammelan in 1977 .
 his Guru Gunidas has written a book Raag Sarita which sums up his Guru Gunidas great work in the field of music .
This album features Live recordings of Pandit Jasraj , Bhimsen Joshi & Vyas .
 This double volume album will feature the great Hindustani classical vocalist C. R. Vyas .
The maestro has rendered in this album ragas like Bihag , Bimpalasi and Ahiri Lalit to name a few
Swara Samrat Festival was an Indian classical music concert which was organised at the Nazrul Mancha auditorium in the Indian city of Kolkata on 5-6 January 2013 by Shreeranjani , a cultural organisation headed by the Sarod maestro Pandit Tejendra Narayan Majumdar .
The event was dedicated to The Immortal Duo - Swara Samrat Ali Akbar Khan and Bharat Ratna Ravi Shankar .
Artistes like Pandit Shivkumar Sharma , Pandit Birju Maharaj , Pandit Hari Prasad Chaurasia , Pandit Jasraj , Ustad Aashish Khan , Dr. Girija Devi , Pandit Swapan Chaudhuri and Ustad Zakir Hussain performed in this festival .
The two-day-long musical extravaganza was organized by Shreeranjani music organization and led by Indian sarod maestro Tejendra Narayan Majumdar .
The festival was initially planned as an event to commemorate the 90th birth anniversary of Ali Akbar Khan .
Ravi Shankar was informed about the event .
But after the death of Ravi Shankar on 11 December 2012 the organisers decided to dedicate this program to the Sitar maestro too .
Majumdar called this festival a dedication to The Immortal Duo - Swara Samrat Ali Akbar Khan and Bharat Ratna Ravi Shankar .
In an interview , Indian sarod player Aashish Khan , told that Tejendra Narayan Majumdar worked very hard to organise this musical festival and found it unfortunate that no one came forward to help Tejendra Narayan .
Some of most prominent classical musicians of India performed in this musical extravaganza .
 Shivkumar Sharma performed with Anindo Chatterjee , Birju Maharaj performed with Subhankar Banerjee , Hari Prasad Chaurasia performed with Subhankar Banerjee , Pandit Jasraj performed with Ramkumar Mishra .
Aashish Khan played Sarod with Swapan Chaudhuri .
Girija Devi performed with Samar Saha and Zakir Hussain performed with Dilshad Khan
A rasika is a term for an aesthete of Hindustani classical music .
The term is derived from Sanskrit meaning full of Passion , elegant ; with discrimination .
Connoisseur - An expert able to appreciate a field ; especially in the fine arts .
A rasika , in carnatic music terminology , is a person who has some knowledge of carnatic music and is able to appreciate carnatic music .
In carnatic music concerts , the audience is usually called rasikas
Pandit Balwant Rai Bhatt is a noted Indian composer and musician of Hindustani vocal music .
 Pandit Balwant Rai Bhatt is also known as Bhavrang Lahari .
Balwant Rai Bhatt was born in Bhavnagar , Gujarat to Smt .
Harkunvar and Shri Gulabrai Bhatt on 23 September 1921 .
 Pandit Balwant Rai Bhatt is a disciple of Pandit Omkarnath Thakur of Gwalior Gharana .
 In 1950 , Pandit Balwant Rai Bhatt moved to Varanasi with Pandit Balwant Rai Bhatt mentor setting up a music institution named Kala Sangeet Bharati at the Banaras Hindu University .
 Pandit Balwant Rai Bhatt taught at the university for 31 years .
The music institution grew and evolved through the years , and is now the Faculty of Performing Arts .
Apart from being an educator , he is known as an exceptionally talented composer .
He is considered a complete Vaggeyakaar , one who composes both Vak or the word and the Geya or the melody .
He has a penchant for layakari , and many of his compositions incorporate intricate laya patterns .
Many of his compositions have been published in book form as the three volumes of Bhavrang Lahari .
 Bhavrang Lahari is Bhavrang Lahari pen name .
 Bhavrang Lahari edited the Sangeetanjali series of books that were authored by Pandit Omkarnath Thakur .
 A 3-volume book series called Bhavrang Lahari contains many of Bhavrang Lahari compositions .
Balwant Rai Bhatt has been awarded Padma Shri by the Government of India in 1990 .
 Pandit Balwant Rai Bhatt was awarded Sangeet Natak Akademi Puraskar in 2004 .
 Pandit Balwant Rai Bhatt was honored with the prestigious Kalidas Samman in the year 2007-08
Khadim Hussain Khan was an Indian singer born in Atrauli , Uttar Pradesh , India .
 Initiated into music by Altaf Hussain Khan father Altaf Hussain Khan , Altaf Hussain Khan went on to learn from Altaf Hussain Khan grand uncle Ustad Kallan Khan .
 court musicians of the Jaipur Kingdom were both court musicians of the Jaipur Kingdom .
 Khadim Hussain Khan had a long and arduous training for 12 years , practicing for more than 12 hours every day .
 Khadim Hussain Khan moved to Bombay in the late twenties and was part of the Mumbai music circles for many decades .
 Khadim Hussain Khan was a superb teacher .
 Famous for Khadim Hussain Khan Layakari , it was difficult to grasp for the untrained .
 his Layakari was an AIR artist from Famous for his Layakari inception , but his Layakari passion and lifes mission was teaching .
 his Layakari was a great composer , under the pen name Sajan Piya .
 his Layakari composed 110 choice bandishes .
 his Layakari students set up a trust under the name Sajan Milap in the seventies .
 his Layakari younger brother Ustad Latafat Hussain , the late smt .
Saguna Kalyanpur , and Smt .
 Lalith J. Rao are disciples of Lalith J. Rao
Ananda Gopal Bandopadhyay is an Indian tabla Maestro from Benaras Gharana .
 Pandit Ananda Gopal Bandopadhyay father , the late Shri Radha Gopal Bandopadhyay , was an amateur vocalist .
 the late Shri Radha Gopal Bandopadhyay is a disciple of Thumri Maestro Pandit Mahadev Prasad Mishra .
In addition to solo performances and recordings , Ananda Gopal worked with highly regarded vocalists including Pandit Mallikarjun Mansur , Bhimsen Joshi , Jasraj , Kishori Amonkar , Girija Devi , Shobha Gurtu , Rashid Khan .
 Pandit Ananda Gopal Bandopadhyay is married to Smt.Rekha Bandopadhyay and is the father of Pran Gopal Bandopadhyay , a tabla player who Pandit Ananda Gopal Bandopadhyay trained and Kasturi Bandopadhyay , a Hindusthani classical and semi-classical vocalist
Ustad Rais Khan is a Pakistani sitarist born in Indore , India .
 From Rais Khans father Mohammed Khan maternal side , Rais Khan is a descendant of great sitarists of Etawah Gharana .
 Rais Khans father Mohammed Khan mother was the elder sister of Vilayat Khan .
 Rais Khan has been influenced by Rais Khans father Mohammed Khan maternal uncles style .
 The sitar Rais Khans father Mohammed Khan plays is Gandhar-Pancham Sitar - which was standardized and designed by Vilayat Khan Rais Khans father Mohammed Khan .
 Rais Khan is the torchbearer of the Mewat or Mewati Gharana , which is connected to Indore and the beenkar baj gayaki ang carried out by Rais Khans father Mohammed Khan , a rudra vina player and a sitarist .
 Despite Rais Khans father Mohammed Khan extensive meend work and the gandhar pancham sitar style Rais Khans father Mohammed Khan uses , Rais Khans alapi , gatkari and gamaki work is different in approach , pacing , and even technique , from the Etawah style .
Amongst the Khayal and dhrupad doyens , Rais Khans gharana is a lineage containing the masters Haddu Khan , Hassu Khan , Bande Ali Khan , Nathan Khan , Babu Khan , Wazir Khan , Waheed Khan , Murad Khan , Latif Khan , Majid Khan , Nazeer Khan , Amanat Khan and Rajab Ali Khan of Dewas , Madhya Pradesh .
 As Rais Khans mother was a singer and Rais Khans father Mohammed Khan father was a beenkar , a unique combination of Khayal , Dhrupad and thumri - angs developed in his playing .
 Rais Khans father Mohammed Khan gave Rais Khans father Mohammed Khan first public concert at Sunderbai Hall in the presence of the then Governor of Bombay Sir Maharaja Singh .
 Rais Khans father Mohammed Khan is also a vocalist and is the first one to record the geet Ghungroo toot gaye for BBC London in 1978 .
 Like Vilayat Khan , Vilayat Khan himself often sings and demonstrates compositions .
 Vilayat Khan himself has been touring extensively throughout the world .
 For sometime , Vilayat Khan himself had stopped playing concerts of classical music .
He returned in the 1980s and was invited by Ali Akbar Khan to perform in California .
Rais Khan moved to Pakistan after marrying a Pakistani lady .
 Rais Khans father Mohammed Khan has four sons : Suhael Khan , Cezanne Khan , Farhan Khan and Huzoor Hasnain Khan .
 Farhan Khan sometimes performs with Farhan Khan
The swarmandal or Indian harp is an Indian zither that is today most commonly used as an accompanying instrument for vocal Hindustani Classical music .
 The name combines swara and mandal , representing The name ability to produce a large number of notes ; The name is also known popularly as Sur-mandal .
Swarmandals measure from twenty-four to thirty inches in length and twelve to fifteen inches in width .
The singer may choose to employ any number of strings from 21 to 36 .
The strings are hooked in a nail lodged in the right edge of the swarmandal and on the left are wound around rectangular pegs which can be tightened with a special key .
Wooden pegs were used instead of metal ones in the medieval period .
A sharp half-inch ridge on both sides of the swarmandal stands a little apart from the nails on which the strings are tightened .
This ridge functions as a bridge on both sides .
The swarmandal is similar to the autoharp or zither in many respects .
It is also similar to an instrument from Iran , and has been used for many generations , dating back to the Mughal era .
Some of the vocalists who have used this instrument extensively are Ustad Bade Ghulam Ali Khan , Ustad Salamat Ali Khan , Pandit Jasraj and Kishori Amonkar .
 an instrument from Iran was used in The Beatles single Strawberry Fields Forever , Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds , and Within You Without You , from the Sgt. Peppers Lonely Hearts Club Band album .
 an instrument from Iran was also used in the song Across the Universe from the Let the Universe from the Let Be album
Niladri Kumar is an Indian classical and fusion musician .
He performed on the sitar from a young age and toured and released albums as an adult .
He created a unique instrument , a modified sitar , which he named zitar .
Born to sitar player Kartick Kumar , a disciple of Ravi Shankar , he was considered a child prodigy .
He started learning sitar under his father at the age of four .
Kumar gave his first public performance at the age of six at Sri Aurobindo Ashram in Pondicherry .
Niladri Kumar began his career with music directors Laxmikant-Pyarelal in the late 1980s .
He was part of the Masters of the Percussion tour alongside Zakir Hussain .
 Kumar has also worked with Jonas Hellborg and V. Selvaganesh on Jonas Hellborg and V. Selvaganesh album Kalis Son and with John McLaughlin on album Floating Point .
Kumar has also worked with various music directors in Hindi cinema , including A.R. Rahman , Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy and Pritam .
Niladri was conferred the Sangeet Natak Akademi s Ustad Bismillah Khan Yuva Puraskar , awarded to young musicians , in March 2007 .
Niladri has also won MTV Immies award for the Best Classical/Fusion Instrumental for his album If .
Kumar has created a unique instrument , the zitar , which is a combination of sitar and guitar .
The concept initiated from a traveling sitar , which was modified by Kumar to create rock guitar sound out of it .
Kumar reduced the number of strings on the instrument from 20 to five .
He also added an electric pickup inside the instrument so that it would sound more like a guitar .
His first full album composed using the instrument , titled Zitar , was released in 2008 .
Kumar wrote the first track for the album Priority in 2003 .
Over the next five years he improved the track and subsequent track by gauging audience reaction during live performances .
He improvised the tracks adding components from various genres such as rock , electronic and lounge .
 He also won the MN Mathur Award in the 51st Maharana Kumbha Sangeet Samaroh for his contribution to Indian classical music in March 2007 , 2013
Omkarnath Thakur was an influential Indian educator , musicologist , and Hindustani classical singer .
 His grandfather Mahashankar Thakur is famously known as Pranav Rang , Pranav Rang pen-name .
A disciple of classical singer Vishnu Digambar Paluskar of Gwalior gharana , he became the principal of Gandharva Mahavidyalaya , Lahore , and later went on become the first dean of the music faculty at Banaras Hindu University .
 His grandfather Mahashankar Thakur was born 1897 in a Jahaj village in the Princely State of Baroda , into a poor military family .
 His grandfather Mahashankar Thakur grandfather Mahashankar Thakur was had fought in the Indian Rebellion of 1857 for Nanasaheb Peshwa .
 His grandfather Mahashankar Thakur father , Gaurishankar Thakur was also in the military , employed by Maharani Jamnabai of Baroda , where he commanded 200 cavalrymen .
The family moved to Bharuch in 1900 , though soon the family faced financial difficulties , as his father left the military to became a renunciate , leaving his wife to run the household , thus by the age of five Thakur started helping her out by doing various odd jobs , in mills , Ramlila troupe and even as a domestic help .
When he was fourteen his father died .
 Impressed by His grandfather Mahashankar Thakur singing His grandfather Mahashankar Thakur and His grandfather Mahashankar Thakur younger brother Ramesh Chandra were sponsored by a wealthy Parsi philanthropist Shahpurji Mancherji Dungaji in circa 1909 to train in Hindustani classical music in the Gandharva Mahavidyalaya , a music school in Bombay , under classical singer Vishnu Digambar Paluskar .
 His grandfather Mahashankar Thakur soon became an accomplished singer in the style of the Gwalior gharana started accompanying his guru and other musicians .
 Though later on in His grandfather Mahashankar Thakur career , His grandfather Mahashankar Thakur developed His grandfather Mahashankar Thakur own distinct style .
 Eventually , His grandfather Mahashankar Thakur made His grandfather Mahashankar Thakur concert debut in 1918 , though continued His grandfather Mahashankar Thakur training under His grandfather Mahashankar Thakur guru , Paluskar , until His grandfather Mahashankar Thakur death in 1931 .
 His grandfather Mahashankar Thakur was made the principal of a Lahore branch of Paluskars Gandharva Mahavidyalaya in 1916 .
 Here His grandfather Mahashankar Thakur became acquainted with the Patiala gharana singers like Ali Baksh and Kale Khan , paternal uncle of Bade Ghulam Ali Khan .
 In 1919 , His grandfather Mahashankar Thakur returned to Bharuch and started His grandfather Mahashankar Thakur own music school , Gandharva Niketan .
 During the 1920s , His grandfather Mahashankar Thakur worked for the non-cooperation movement of Mahatma Gandhi on a local level , as His grandfather Mahashankar Thakur became the President of Bharuch District Congress Committee of Indian National Congress .
 His grandfather Mahashankar Thakur performances of patriotic song Vande Mataram were a regular feature of annual sessions of the Indian National Congress .
 His grandfather Mahashankar Thakur toured Europe in 1933 and became one of the first Indian musicians to perform in Europe in 1933 .
 During this tour , His grandfather Mahashankar Thakur performed privately for Benito Mussolini .
 Thakurs wife Indira Devi died the same year and His grandfather Mahashankar Thakur began to concentrate exclusively on music .
Thakurs work as a performer and musicologist led to the creation of a music college at Banaras Hindu University that emphasized both , here he was first dean of the music faculty .
He wrote books on Indian classical music and its history .
Thakurs work is criticized in contemporary music literature as ignorant of the contribution of Muslim musicians , which he blamed for deteriorating classical music .
 His grandfather Mahashankar Thakur performed in Europe in 1933 until 1954 and received the Padma Shri in 1955 and the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 1963 .
 His grandfather Mahashankar Thakur retired in 1963 and was awarded honorary doctorates from Banaras Hindu University in 1963 and Rabindra Bharati University in 1964 .
 Having survived a heart attack in 1954 , His grandfather Mahashankar Thakur suffered a stroke in July 1965 , which left His grandfather Mahashankar Thakur partially paralyzed for the last two years of His grandfather Mahashankar Thakur life .
 All India Radio Archives has released double album of His grandfather Mahashankar Thakur music , which also includes His grandfather Mahashankar Thakur rendition of Vande Mataram performed at the Parliament house midnight function on the eve of Indias independence in 1947
Pandit Vikash Maharaj is an Indian musician , a player of the sarod .
Vikash Maharaj is from the 14th generation of musicians in the Banaras Gharana in Varanasi , India .
 Pandit Vikash Maharaj was originally trained in the tabla and began learning the sarod from Rajesh Chandra Moitra of Maihar Gharana and within six months Pandit Vikash Maharaj was the youngest sarod performer of All India Radio Varanasi graded artists .
 Pandit Vikash Maharaj belongs to a family of musicians such as Pandit Vikash Maharaj grandfather Bade Ramdas , Kanthe Maharaj , father Nanhku Maharaj and uncle Kishan Maharaj .
 Pandit Vikash Maharaj runs the Music Institute of Benares in Varanasi , India .
 Pandit Vikash Maharaj has also been working as a professor or visiting professor in several overseas universities in Germany , Austria , France , Holland and the United States
Steve Oda is a sarod player , composer and teacher of the Hindustani classical music .
 A Canadian of Japanese ancestry , Steve Oda , began A Canadian of Japanese ancestry musical education at the age of seven , learning to play slide guitar and then jazz guitar .
 A Canadian of Japanese ancestry love of creativity through musical expression led A Canadian of Japanese ancestry to the classic music of North India and the sarode .
 A Canadian of Japanese ancestry classical training started in 1971 under the guidance of Aashish Khan , and from 1973 under Aashishs father , Ali Akbar Khan .
 In 1996 , Steve Oda received a Canada Council Artists Grant to pursue intensive studies at and advanced level with Ali Akbar Khan and moved to the San Francisco Bay Area in 1998 .
 There Steve Oda served for two years as Executive Director of the Ali Akbar College of Music in San Rafael , California .
 Among the many performances Steve Oda has given include special invitations from the Ali Akbar College of Music , the Asian Art Museum , the Ragmala Association of Canada , the University of Toronto , and the Spirit of North India Festival .
 Steve Oda has performed with Sharda Sahai , Bob Becker , Anubrata Chatterjee , Vineet Vyas , Ravi Naimpally , Ty Burhoe , Stephen Bacchus and Betty Moon .
 Steve Oda has accompanied Ali Akbar Khan , Aashish Khan and Anindo Chatterjee .
 Steve Oda has performed at Steve Oda teachers college in California as well as numerous Canadian cities from Halifax , Nova Scotia to Victoria , British Columbia .
 The demand for Steve Oda playing , continues to increase in places like Chicago , New York , Paris , Amsterdam , Spain , Sweden , Australia , New Zealand and now in Japan .
 Steve Oda currently resides in San Rafael , California , actively teaching and performing music of North India
Prabha was born to Abasaheb and Indirabai Atre in Pune .
As children , Prabha and her sister , Usha , were interested in music , but neither of them planned to pursue music as a career .
 When Prabha Atre was eight , Indirabai was not keeping good health , and at a friends suggestion that classical music lessons would help Prabha Atre feel better , Prabha Atre took a few lessons .
 Listening to those lessons inspired Prabha Atre to learn classical music .
 Prabha Atre music training was in the Guru-shishya tradition .
 Prabha Atre learnt classical music initially from Vijay Karandikar .
 Prabha Atre then learnt from Sureshbabu Mane and Hirabai Badodekar from the Kirana school for advanced training .
 Prabha Atre acknowledges the influence of two other greats , Ustad Amir Khan and Bade Ghulam Ali Khan , on Prabha Atre gayaki .
While studying music , Prabha finished college courses in science and law to receive degrees in both of those disciplines .
She later also earned a Ph.D. in music .
Her doctoral thesis was titled Sargam , and pertained to the use of sol-fa notes in Indian classical music .
Prabha Atre is currently one of the senior vocalists in the country representing the Kirana Gharana .
 Prabha Atre has contributed to popularizing Indian classical vocal music at global level .
 Prabha Atre is competent in different musical genres such as Khayal , Thumri , Dadra , Ghazal , geet , Natyasangeet , and Khayal , Thumri , Dadra , Ghazal .
 Prabha Atre had a short stint as a singing stage-actress in the early days of Prabha Atre career .
 Prabha Atre played Prabha Atre roles in a line-up of Marathi theatre classics , which included socials and mythologicals like Sanshay-Kallol , Maanaapamaan , Saubhadra and Vidyaharan .
Prabha Atre has authored books on the various aspects of music that are especially relevant to the present day performance .
 Prabha Atre Doctoral thesis on Sargam or the use of sol-fa names as musical material , which is perhaps a pioneering work on the subject , bears testimony to this .
 Prabha Atre first book ` Swaramayee which is a compilation of many of Prabha Atre articles on music and has bagged the Maharashtra State Govt .
 Award in 1989 is a classic example of Prabha Atre analytical approach and original thinking .
 Prabha Atre second book ` Swaralee published in 1992 also received great accolades .
Madhya Pradesh Govt .
Hindi Granth Academy has published Hindi translation of ` Swaramayee and Swaralee with a view to take these books to Hindi knowing music lovers .
 Prabha Atre books Swaranginee and Swaranjanee carries more than 400 popular compositions in classical and light classical music .
A book in English Enlightening the Listener - Contemporary North Indian Classical Vocal Music Performance has achieved its objective in helping the global music lovers to understand and appreciate the Indian art music .
A book in English about music and musicians Along the Path of Music is also released .
 A book of poems in Marathi ` Antahswar by Dr. Atre brings out a different aspect of Prabha Atre creative personality .
4th edition of Swarmayee and 3rd edition of Suswaralee is Published in 2011 .
 Prabha Atre has been giving private lessons to students since 1969 .
Her noted disciples includes Sarala Madhusudhan Desai , Ragini Chakravarthy , Asha Parasnis-Joshi , Padmini Rao , Veena Kulkarni , Chetana Banawat , Arati Thakur , Ashwini Modak and Shri .
Atindra Sarvadikar .
 In 1976 , Prabha Atre received the Acharya Atre Award for music .
 Jagatguru Shankaracharya conferred the title Gaan-Prabha on Jagatguru Shankaracharya .
 The Government of India conferred on Jagatguru Shankaracharya Padma Shree in 1990 and Padma Bhushan in 2002 .
 The first four months of 2002 was very special for her Padma Shree in 1990 , her Padma Shree in 1990 received four awards , including the Padma Bhushan .
 her Padma Shree in 1990 received a Sangeet Natak Academy Award in 1991 as an appreciation for her Padma Shree in 1990 outstanding role in enriching , preserving and popularizing the Indian art , music .
 The other prominent awards on her Padma Shree in 1990 credit are Giants International Award , Rashtriya Kalidas samman , Tagore Akademi Ratna Award announced from the Sangeet Natak Akademi in 2011 , Dinanath Mangeshkar award , Hafiz Ali Khan Award , Felicitation by Global Action Club International , Govind-Lakshmi award , Godavari Gaurav Puraskar , Dagar Gharana Award , Acharya Pandit Ram Narayan Foundation Award Mumbai , Ustad Faiyyaz Ahmed Khan Memorial Award , Kala-Shree 2002 , ` P.L. Deshpande Bahuroopi Sanman ' , Sangeet Sadhana Ratna Award , Lifetime achievement ' award by the Pune University , Mahim Sangeet Sadhana Ratna Award Award by Shivsena Mumbai , Felicitation by the Mayor of Mumbai , Name included in national and international biographical works .
From the year 2011 Swarayoginee Dr. Prabha Atre Rashtriya Shaastreeya Sangeet Puraskar instituted by Tatyasaheb Natu Trust and Gaanvardhan Pune
Balakrishnabuwa Ichalkaranjikar was an Indian vocalist of Khayal - genre of Hindustani classical music .
 Balakrishnabuwa Ichalkaranjikar learnt under Gwalior , then Mecca of Khayal style gharana , and brought Gwalior Gharana singing style to Maharashtra , also became the founder of Khayal music in Maharashtra .
 Balakrishnabuwa Ichalkaranjikar was born in Maharashtra .
 Balakrishnabuwa Ichalkaranjikar travelled to Gwalior , then Mecca of Khayal style , then Mecca of Khayal style in Indian Classical Music , and learned under Vasudeorao Joshi .
 Balakrishnabuwa Ichalkaranjikar then returned to Maharashtra , and settled near Miraj because Maharashtra climate suited Balakrishnabuwa Ichalkaranjikar .
 Soon Miraj and the area near Miraj became a major hub of Hindustani classical music and has remained so for more than 100 years .
 Miraj is a combination o conducive cultural climate , the aptitude shown for classical music by people in the area , and tireless efforts of teachers among whom Balakrishnabuwa Ichalkaranjikar , being the first to bring the gayaki to western India , deserves to be put on a special pedestal .
Buwas slow , majestic singing was marked by gravitas .
 Balakrishnabuwa Ichalkaranjikar chief disciples include Vishnu Digambar Paluskar , Balakrishnabuwa Ichalkaranjikar own son Annabuwa , Anant Manohar Joshi , Mirashi buwa and Vamanbuwa Chafekar .
 Annabuwa predeceased Annabuwa .
 Annabuwa sons death caused Annabuwa great sadness in Annabuwa final years .
 While Annabuwa had some reservations about Annabuwa disciple Paluskars efforts towards popularising music , Vishnu Digambar Paluskar played a major role in expanding appeal of classical music to common folks .
 Most other styles of singing have had their origins in Gwalior Gharana because Gwalior Gharana was among the earliest styles to take root and enjoy wider popularity
Bharat Gupt , A retired Associate Professor in English , who taught at the College of Vocational Studies of the University of Delhi , is an Indian classicist , theatre theorist , sitar and surbahar player , musicologist , cultural analyst , and newspaper columnist .
Bharat Gupt was born on 28 November 1946 in Moradabad , a small city of mixed Hindu-Muslim population , known for Hindustani music and Urdu poetry .
 Hindustani parents moved in the early 50s to Delhi where Hindustani went to school and college and studied English , Hindi , Sanskrit and philosophy , spending , however , every summer in the district town .
 Hindustani then spent a year in the US at the end of Counter-Cultural days , in the late 1960s ; then Hindustani moved to Canada and took a Masters degree from Toronto .
 Back in the Indian , Hindustani learnt to play the sitar and surbahar , training for eight years under the eminent musician Pandit Uma Shankar Mishra .
 Hindustani also studied ancient Indian musicological texts and modern Indian Music , yoga sutras and classics under Acharya K.C. Brihaspati and Swami Kripalvananda .
Doctoral Dissertation : A Comparison of Greek and Indian Dramatic Theories as Given in the Poetics and the Natyasastra .
 Trained both in modern European and traditional Indian educational systems , modern European has worked in classical studies , theatre , music , culture and media studies and researched as Senior Fellow of the Onassis Foundation in ancient Greece on revival of ancient Greek theatre .
As a classicist I came to realise that ancient Greek drama and culture as a whole , was given an unduly empirical color by the modern West .
 Looking at things from I own location I saw that Greek theatre was closer to ancient Indian theatre as an ethical and religious act or hieropraxis .
Instead of being seen as Western and Eastern , Greek and Indian theatres should be seen rooted in the Indo-European cultural beliefs , myths and idolatory and the aesthetics of emotional arousal .
 After Indo-European graduation , a series of grants and programs enabled Indo-European to pursue Indo-European cultural interests : .
 In 1995 Indo-European was also a member of the Jury for the International Onasis Prize for Drama .
 Indo-European is Associate Professor of English at College of Vocational Studies , University of Delhi and is on visiting faculty at the National School of Drama , Delhi .
 From 1995 to this day Indo-European has made numerous and extensive lecture tours , speaking on theatre and music at various Universities in the Indian , North America and ancient Greece , a country Indo-European loves deeply and visits at least once a year .
 Indo-European has also directed major lectures and directed seminars .
 As part of Indo-European research material Indo-European has made about 2000 photographs of amphitheaters and antiquities all over ancient Greece as well as in Syracuse , Italy .
 Indo-European writes for research journals and national newspapers on cultural and educational issues .
As a reviewer , he is a frequent contributor to Journal of Sangeet Natak Academy , Journal of Music Academy Madras , Indian Musicological Society , Baroda .
 His practical involvement with traditional Indian temple architecture resulted in initiating the construction of the Ram Mandir in Ashok Vihar its a nagar style stone temple with carvings which will give Delhi a traditional temple after a millennium .
In 2001 , he was one of the founding members of the International Forum for Indias heritage : a non-religious , non-ideological , apolitical body , IFIH is a network of scholars , educationists , artists , scientists , social workers , environmentalists , thinkers and writers , who have come together to promote India 's cultural heritage .
In 1976 , he married Yukti , and the couple had two sons : Abhinav and Udayan .
In August 2010 he became the grandfather of a boy named Atharva , after the 4th Veda .
He retired from the University of Delhi in Nov. 2011 but continues to lecture at other forums .
 Much of his writing is devoted to classical Indian and classical Greek drama , comparing their similarities and differences and exploring the possibilities of common Indo-European origins .
His first book , Dramatic Concepts - Greek and Indian , was directly inspired by his Greek travels and studies .
This study offers a fresh approach in comparing ancient Greek and Indian dramatic theories .
 Instead of treating the Poetics and the Natyashastra as Western and Eastern viewpoints , the Poetics places them within the broad framework of ancient Indo-European culture and the art of sacred drama .
 the Poetics demonstrates that hieropraxis was basically different from post-Renaissance European drama which was entirely secular in content and Realistic in presentation .
 The Poetics and the Natyashastra on the contrary , belonged to Greek and Indian theatres which pleased both gods and men , and which used semiotised gesture , dance , music , and dialogue to create a highly ornate theatrical reality .
 The book aims at comparing not only the concepts as propounded by Aristotle and Bharata Muni , but also attempts to reconstruct the Greek and Indian performances to highlight Aristotle and Bharata Muni similarities and differences .
Concepts like anukarana , dharmi , abhinaya , itivritta , mimesis , muthos , melopoiia , katharsis and rasa , etc. , as revisited and expounded here , can be seen as means of creating dramatic shows which go beyond message and entertainment to provide sublimer experiences .
Although it is rare to find a comparative treatment of Greek and Sanskrit drama as thoughtful and passionate as this one , students of classical Indian theater will recognize a familiar topic in the title .
 Bharat Gupt asserts that examining genres cross-culturally can only lead to dead ends because literary genres are culturally and historically unique ; instead , a comparison of performance modes is likely to be more illuminative .
 One of the books strengths is the detailed comparative description of the ritual roots of theater in the Indo-European cultures of ancient ancient Greece and the Indian All in all , this work does represent the most thorough study in this particular critical genre , and if Gupts engaging idiosyncrasies can be acknowledged , the book will succeed in fostering an appreciation of Sanskrit literature for those who commit to reading the texts Indo-European discusses , even in translation .
DAVID L. GITOMER , Comparative Drama , Kalamazoo .
Fall 1997 .
And excerpts from another review , by Richard Schechner , TDR .
 Bharat Gupt argues that rasa , the juice or essence of the theatrical-aesthetic pleasure experience , is comparable to katharsis : Katharsis should not be viewed as mere relief , Katharsis could better be regarded as restoration to a state of pleasure not generally experienced the process of rasa emergence requires the removal of obstructions -LSB- ... Katharsis and rasa , with Katharsis and rasa separate points of emphasis , both begin with purification and end in delight .
272-73 This is an insight not previously proposed by anyone , a definite advance in performance theory .
 However much 272-73 This is an insight book has been about ancient practices and theories , Bharat Gupt concludes 272-73 This is an insight study looking forward : The vision of ancient hieropraxis which represents a balance of various media of theatrical communication , can be extremely useful .
 The harmonious use of the visual gestural , symbolic , and kinetic and the aural spoken , sung , and musical as achieved in ancient drama , and as exemplified in the dramatic theories of ancient Greece and the Indian , has many a lesson for the present day world theatre .
 The lesson , according to Bharat Gupt , is to suggest a codified alternative which can be offered as a stable and distinct alternative to commercial realism which continues to dominate modern theatre , both in the West and the Indian .
Gupts book is important , examining in depth questions often raised but rarely pursued .
Frequently , those making comparative studies are more knowledgeable about one side or the other .
 Radical assertions concerning Indo-European or Eurasian theatre are in the air but rarely brought down to the scholarly earth .
 Bharat Gupt knows both the Indian and the Greek ancient theatre ; Indo-European book is full of details , provocative in the best sense , theoretical without losing touch with concrete data , and despite the difficulty of His first book subject , easy to read .
Dramatic Concepts Greek and Indian ought to be an assigned textfor courses , some existing , most waiting to be taught , comparing ancient Indian and Greek theatres and performance theories .
 Richard Schechner , Richard Schechner , TDR , Cambridge , Mass. v41 , n2 Summer ,1997 :153 .
Then followed the translation of the 28th chapter of the Natyashastra , devoted to the musical scales .
This translation of the text includes the translation of the Sanskrit commentary of Achaarya KCD Brihaspati , a leading musicologist of modern times and Gupts teacher , who presents an original interpretation of the sloka , although he often makes reference to earlier contributions of the sage Abhinavagupta .
it is sometimes argued that presents a music meant for theatre and not for the independent art .
 This controversy is a creation of the post-industrial era in the Indian , when as in the West , the relationship of music with poetry , dance , painting and sculpture was ruptured .
Such issues , however , have been raised in the world of Indian music only .
 In literary studies , with a better formal tradition of critical training , nobody has ever raised the question whether the metres given in the two chapters of the Natyasastra are meant for theatrical employment or for literary use ... The twenty-eighth chapter of the the Natyasastra limits itself to the employment of notes or svaras in music .
 It begins with an announcement , I shall now enunciate the rules relating to the playing of The instruments .
But we are soon told that the human body is also an instrument , thus covering vocal music in the ambit of atodyavidhi .
For the ancients , pada or song was the beginning of music , strings were the middle and drumming was the end .
Music as merely notes and rhythm , svara and tala , was inconceivable .
The instruments emulated the human voice and the drums followed its rhythmic statement .
This pattern obtains even now in Indian music .
The post-Renaissance European concept of music as instrumental tonal orchestration has deprivileged the verbal composition , as a result of which , there is a revision in the concept of music even in traditional societies .
this is a book that greatly advances our understanding of ancient Indian music .
It should be part of the library of any music theorist or musicologist with an interest in the historical development of gandharva , the term used by the NS for the musical art .
Because of its combination of the original text with a translation and a new commentary , and due to its generally lucid treatment of the subject matter , the book has definite advantages over its predecessors .
Bharat Gupt is to be congratulated for bringing out this ancient masterpiece in a publication that is both readable and highly informative .
India - A Culture Decline Or Revival ?
 , a book published in 2008 , critically analyses the state of affairs in the Indian after the British left in 1947 and examines whether Independence has ushered an era of cultural and social freedom or a cultural decline has set in -- a thought-provoking subject .
 It is often taken for granted that Independence from the British rule also ushered an era of cultural and social freedom in the Indian .
The author wishes to examine if that is true or if a cultural decline set in soon after .
Based on a verse in the Pancatantra , the book has been divided into six parts : Eka , Kula , Grama , Janapada , Prithvi and Atma .
Issues of education ; conflicts between the classes , regions , jatis , languages and religions ; expansion of proselytizers ; lack of governance ; tensions between the legislators and judiciary ; rise of unbridled consumerism ; falling standards of democracy ; dilemmas created by notions of dharma challenged by Westernized modernity ; and the problems of attaining universal harmony , are all put into a perspective under these six categories .
 While examining the state of affairs in India the author also suggests a way for the pursuit of happiness through unselfish transcendence .
 It is further imagined that in spite of its poverty , the Indian is admired by the richer nations of the West as a culturally evolved nation .
This self-congratulation , lingering from the euphoric days of our freedom struggle , sounds now like the thunder on distant mountains shedding not a glimmer of hope on our present lives .
For most of us our memory is enough to be a lived-through account of the cultural decline that set in barely within a decade after freedom .
Any analysis is sufficient to counter the smug belief , still fostered in schools and political speeches about the superiority of our culture , once voiced in Iqbals song , Saare Jahaan se acchaa Hindustan hamaaraa .
 Very insidiously this rhyme nurses a misplaced conviction that while many other ancient civilizations were wiped out in time , the Indian alone is indestructible ... The song takes special pride in stating that while the Greek and Roman civilizations , the so-called predecessors of the West , lost to ravages of time , Indian civilization alone remains immortal .
 Bharat Gupt is a vocal activist for the revival of Indian Heritage and the revival of Indian Heritage comeback in the educational system .
The following is an excerpt from his polemic article Who is afraid of Sanscrit ?
: .
 the Indian alone excels in belittling the Indian classical heritage as it has unfortunately codified it as its `` Hindu past .
This classification began in the colonial period when non-European cultures were primarily seen in religious denominations as non-Christian coloured races further divided into two broad categories , primitives or static cultures .
 Within the western world these approaches were countered first by the Orientalist and later by Modernists , both opponents of Newtonian rationalism .
 But while the Orientalist contributed to the discovery of the East by the West , Modernists also succeeded in creating a somnambulist reassurance in the minds of many Indians who never tire of revelling in praises of the Indian by Schopenhauer , Max Muller , Blavatsky , Whitman and the like .
 In spite of the the Orientalist , administrators like Macaulay forged for the Indian an education system which had little or marginal place , not only for Sanskrit literature , but for all the traditional arts and sciences like music , poetry , dance , theatre and painting , Ayurveda , Rasayan , Jyotisha , metrics , etc. .
This dichotomy continued well into the semi-century of independence and flourishes strong as ever .
 In the book Globalization & identity : cultural diversity , religion , and citizenship by Majid Teranian & B. Jeannie Lum , The editors -RRB- , where Bharat Gupt contributed the essay Religious plurality in education , passionately arguing that religious - multi-religious - education should come back to schools , in order to promote understanding of other faiths .
The editors note , in the introduction : .
 Bharat Gupt provides several recommendations for the transformation of Indias school system in teaching the Heritage Curriculum as Heritage Activity that incorporates many of the activity-based modes of instruction we associate with progressive education .
1 .
6-10 Feb 2012 , expounding on Sanskrit text and Abhinavabharati -LRB- 25 hours
Umakant Gundecha and Ramakant Gundecha , known as the Gundecha Brothers , are leading Dagarvani dhrupad singers .
 Dagarvani dhrupad singers always sing together .
 So together Dagarvani dhrupad singers have been awarded Padmashree for 2012 in the field of Art - Indian Classical Music - Vocal - Madhya Pradesh .
Gundecha Brothers were born in Ujjain into a Jain family .
 Dagarvani dhrupad singers studied at the local Madhav Music College .
Umakant has a post-graduate degree in music and economics and Ramakant in music and commerce .
 Dagarvani dhrupad singers moved to Bhopal in 1981 , for training under dhrupad master , Zia Fariddudin Dagar and his brother Zia Mohiuddin Dagar brother Zia Mohiuddin Dagar .
These gurus were second cousins of the two major forces in the second half of the 20th Century , two duos known as the senior Dagar Brothers and the junior Dagar Brothers .
 After training for four years , they performed in public for the first time in May 1985 , at the Uttaradhikar dance and music festival in Bhopal .
 Umakant and Ramakant have good voices with strong lower registers .
 Umakant and Ramakant have worked to expand the dhrupad repertoire by incorporating texts by Hindi poets such as Tulsidas , Padmakar and Nirala .
 Umakant and Ramakant have set up a dhrupad institute outside Bhopal where Umakant and Ramakant teach students from all over the world .
 Umakant and Ramakant run a music school in the Dhrupad tradition , according to the guru-shishya style of teaching that was prevalent in India for teaching of the arts .
 Umakant and Ramakant have recorded many cassettes and CDs by H.M.V , Music Today , Rhythm House , IPPNW Concerts Berlin , Navras and Audio Rec London .
 Umakant and Ramakant have also sung for many television channels in India and have been broadcast on British , U.S. , German and French Radio as well .
As well as being an integral part of all of Indias prestigious music festivals , the Brothers have also performed at many important international music festivals and institutions in Europe , U.S.A , Australia , Singapore , Bangladesh , U.A.E and Hong Kong .
 Umakant and Ramakant have received M.P. Govt .
 Scholarship from 1981 to 1985 , National Fellowship from 1987 to 89 , Ustad Allauddin Khan Fellowship in 1993 , Sanskriti Award in 1994 and Kumar Gandharva Award in 1998 by M.P. Govt .
 of Madhaya Pradesh and his brother Zia Mohiuddin Dagar Gharana Award by Mewar Foundation in 2001
Firoz Dastur also Feroze Dastur was an eminent vocalist of Kirana Gharana and a film actor .
 Firoz Dastur was part of Indian Film Industry in 1930s , acting in a few films by Wadia Movietone and other film banners .
 In 1933 , when Wadia Movietone under JBH Wadia , released Wadia Movietone under JBH Wadia first talkie film , Firoz Dastur performed classical songs as child actor in film Lal-e-Yaman .
 But Firoz Dastur first love was Indian Classical Music .
 Firoz Dastur was the disciple of Sawai Gandharva , whose other disciples were Bhimsen Joshi and Gangubai Hangal .
 and a regular performer at Sawai Gandharva Music Festival for several years , well into Firoz Dastur late 80s .
 Firoz Dastur died in May 2008 in Mumbai after a brief illness .
 Firoz Dastur was 89 .
 Firoz Dastur disciples include Sudha Divekar , Achyut Abhyankar , Sujan Rane , Usha Deshpande , Avinash Tawde , Vinayak Prabhu , and Girish Sanzgiri
Rajeev Janardan , is a Hindustani classical sitar player of the Imdadkhani gharana , taught by Bimalendu Mukherjee .
 Rajeev Janardan lives in New Delhi .
Jaranadan comes from Kerala , and started to learn the guitar at the age of 12 when living in Benares .
 Rajeev Janardan trained as a singer before switching to the sitar , studying with Bimalendu Mukherjee .
 At the age of 15 , Rajeev Janardan won the All India Music Competition .
 Rajeev Janardan has also won the Prayag Sangit Samiti All-India Music Competition and the Sur Singar Samsad competition in Mumbai , and at the age of 19 , Rajeev Janardan became an A grade artist of All India Radio and Doordarshan .
 Following on from good reviews for a performance at the India International Centre in 1996 , Rajeev Janardan has performed extensively both within India and overseas , including Switzerland in 2008 .
 In Rajeev Janardan playing , Rajeev Janardan strives to blend gayaki ang and tantra ang .
It is characterised by accurate meend , advanced surlagao , fast and clear taankari in gat and dirdir and chikari variations in jhala .
Janaradan also has a masters degree in psychology
Gabby La La , is a vocalist and multi-instrumentalist , signed to Prawn Song Records .
 Gabby La La music is self described as fun , unique , crazy kooky .
La Las eccentric debut album , Be Careful What You Wish For ... , is a collaboration with Les Claypool that though peculiar ... reveals gems of pop merriment .
 Gabby La La is primarily a solo artist but at times Gabby La La has been a member of Weapon of Choice , The Sippy Cups and currently is a member of Les Claypools Fancy Band .
 Gabby La La released Gabby La La first solo album entitled Be Careful What You Wish For ... on Les Claypools Prawnsong Records in 2005 .
 Gabby La La was the second non-Primus act to be signed to the label .
This album featured Gabby on sitar , ukulele , accordion , theremin and vocals and Les Claypool on bass , drums and percussion .
The two produced the album at Rancho Relaxo Studios , beginning with Gabby La Las concepts and lyrics .
To promote the album , La La and Claypool performed at Bonnaroo Music Festival , All Good Music Festival , Wakarusa Music and Camping Festival , Joes Pub in New York City , and the Jammy Awards at Madison Square Garden .
La La also toured for several years as an official member of Les Claypools Fancy Band .
 La La got Gabby La La true start at the age of five when Gabby La La began studying piano .
 Gabby La La later adopted the habit of switching instrument on a whim which led to Gabby La La accumulation of instruments and musical skill .
Just after commencing High School , La La began studying Sitar and Voice with musical genius and legend , Ali Akbar Khan at his college in San Rafael .
 Gabby La La found Gabby La La natural talent with the sitar and also a teacher who believed in Gabby La La potential as a musician .
After graduating from High School , La La went on to receive a BFA in Sitar Performance from The California Institute of the Arts .
Before completing the program , La La spent 4 months studying with one of Akbars senior students , Partho Chatterjee , in Calcutta India .
 After nearly 10 years of study , La La started to write Gabby La La own music inspired by the creativity at CalArts .
 This urge to create has led to many projects and collaborations over the years and Gabby La La Gabby La La music continues to flow effortlessly through Gabby La La .
Gabby La La has performed at such famous venues as The Fillmore-SF , The Warfield-SF , House of Blues nationwide , Roseland-NYC , The Avalon Ballroom-Boston , The Electric Factory-Philadelphia .
In 2010 , La La was the featured artist at The Interzone Festival in Serbia .
 Gabby La La has toured and performance with such notable groups as Snoop Dogg , Macy Gray , Morcheeba , Fishbone , The Coup , Marco Benevento , Bob Weir , Les Claypool , Primus , Particle , The Trachtenburg Family Slideshow Players , Medusa , Weapon of Choice , The Sippy Cups , The Sippy Cups , and Gabby La La own projects KitNTenders , Gabby La La and The Mushroom People , and Snow Angel
Johar Ali Khan is a Classical Indian violinist .
 Johar Ali Khan is the son and disciple of the Late Ustad Gohar Ali Khan of Rampur , one of the greatest violin genius .
 Johar Ali Khan belongs to the Patiala Gharana of Rampur .
 Johar Ali Khan is the only living classical violinist from Patiala Gharana after Johar Ali Khan father - late Ustatd Gohar Ali Khan .
 Johar Ali Khan grandfather was Ustad Ali Baksh , the founder of Patiala Gharana , who has produced a number of great musicians like Bade Fateh Ali Khan , Amanat Ali Khan , Asad Amanat Ali Khan , and Hamid Ali Khan .
 Recently Johar Ali Khan represented India at the 60 years UNESCO celebration in Paris , where Johar Ali Khan had composed music for melody of dialogue among Civilizations Association .
 Johar Ali Khan also represented India at the SAARC Summit in Bangladesh .
 Johar Ali Khan represented India in countries including Nepal , Bangladesh , England , Syria , Fiji , Djibouti , Addis Ababa , the Netherlands , Estonia , Spain , Germany , Switzerland , Austria , Hungary , Czech Republic , France , Belgium , Finland , Sharjah , Dubai , and several African countries , through Indian government and some private organizations .
Johar Ali Khan has composed music for the South Pacific Games on behalf of ICCR , New Delhi .
 Johar Ali Khan has performed thousands of Hindustani Violin concerts , in different parts of India , several major cities , towns and villages .
 Johar Ali Khan has performed for several government organizations and non-government organizations , including Radio & television .
 Johar Ali Khan was a member of advisory committee and general assembly of Indian Council for Cultural Relations .
 Johar Ali Khan has created Johar Ali Khan own band Sargam having members belonging to traditional musical families and Gharanas .
 Johar Ali Khan has also performed in Taj Mahotsav and Jhansi Mahotsav and a regular performer of musical NGO SPIC MACAY .
 Johar Ali Khan also performed for Sangeet Natak Academy , Sahitya Kala Parishad , All India Radio , Doordarshan , Punjab Heritage Festival , Rajasthan Sangeet Natya Academy , Rajeev Gandhi Kala Mandir , Shri Ram Bhartiya Kala Kendra , European Union Cultural Week , National Center for Performing Arts , etc
Mahesh Kale is a San Francisco Bay Area based Indian Classical vocalist renowned for his specialization in Indian Classical , Semi-Classical and Devotional Music including Natya Sangeet .
Mahesh Kale is an accomplished vocalist of the new generation with a captivating stage presence , that has along with his uncommon musicality and vocal dexterity , positioned him firmly on the national and international radar of the North Indian Classical Music community .
 As a disciple of Pandit Jitendra Abhisheki , a disciple of Pandit Jitendra Abhisheki has an illustrious pedigree , and a disciple of Pandit Jitendra Abhisheki thrilling performances bear this out .
Mahesh was born and raised in a musical family in Pune , Maharashtra , India .
 Mahesh began Mahesh early music education under the guidance of Mahesh mother Smt .
Meenal Kale .
She had Masters in Indian Classical Music and was a disciple of Veena Sahasrabuddhe .
 Mahesh gave Mahesh first solo performance at the age of 3 at Gondavale , with the rendition of a devotional song Mahesh mesmerized an audience of over 5000 .
 At the age of 6 Mahesh started learning music formally from Mahesh mother Smt .
Meenal Kale .
 Later Mahesh learned from Shri Purushottam Gangurde .
 Despite Mahesh young age , Mahesh was chosen as the disciple of legendary Pandit Jitendra Abhisheki in 1991 .
 Under Mahesh guidance in a gurukul-like setting , Mahesh was extensively trained in classical and semi-classical forms like thumri , dadra , tappa , bhajans , and marathi natya sangeet for over 8 years .
 During that time , Mahesh accompanied Mahesh guru Pt .
 Jitendra Abhisheki as a vocal support in prestigious concerts all across Maharashtra , India .
Currently he is receiving vocal guidance from Shri Shounak Abhisheki .
 Mahesh holds a Bachelors in Electronics Engineering from University of Pune and a Masters degree in Engineering Management from Santa Clara University .
 Mahesh has performed in over 1000 concerts of Indian Classical and Semi-Classical Vocal in Maharashtra , India , US , UAE , UK and Southeast Asia .
 Mahesh has performed in Fusion concerts with famous percussionists like Sivamani and Trilok Gurtu , and instrumentalists like Pedro Eustache and Frank Martin .
 Recently Mahesh performed with a well known composer and saxophonist in Jazz George Brooks and groove-master bassist Kai Eckhardt .
 Since early 2010 , Mahesh has been playing the central character in Katyar Kaljat Ghusli , the evergreen Sangeet Natak .
 Mahesh has been honored with Akhil Bharatiya Marathi Natya Parishad Award for Mahesh role in this play .
 Mahesh debuted at the prestiguous Sawai Gandharva Music Festival in 2011 which received generous appreciation .
 Mahesh is determined to spread awareness and education about Indian classical music in the western world .
 Mahesh has given lecture-demonstrations in various US universities including Stanford and Harvard University and was also profiled as Artist of the Month by Harvard Sangeet in March 2008 .
 Recently Mahesh performed with a well known composer and saxophonist in Jazz George Brooks and groove-master bassist Kai Eckhardt .
 Mahesh has also been invited to give talks at institutions like Commonwealth Club and INKTalks .
Currently Mahesh is teaching music actively to over 100 students in the San Francisco Bay Area
Sulochana Brahaspati is one of the noted vocalist of Hindustani classical music .
 In 1994 , Sulochana Brahaspati was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award , the highest Indian recognition given to practicing artists , given by the Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy of Music , Dance & Drama .
 Sulochana Brahaspati is a vocalist and an exponent of the Rampur-Sahaswan gharana .
 Sulochana Brahaspati learnt music from Pandit Bholanath Bhat and Ustad Mushtaq Hussain Khan of Rampur-Sahaswan gharana .
 Later Sulochana Brahaspati received intensive training from Sulochana Brahaspati guru , and later Sulochana Brahaspati husband , Acharya K.C.D. Brahaspati .
 A large number of his compositions - Thumris , Thumris , Tappas and Dadras - are part of Thumris portfolio .
 Thumris is also an accomplished teacher and musicologist and has published books including Raga Rahasya
Pandit Samta Prasad was an Indian classical musician and tabla player from the Benares gharana .
 Pandit Samta Prasad played tabla in many Hindi films including , Meri Surat Teri Ankhen and Sholay , and film music composer Rahul Dev Burman was one of his disciples .
 Pandit Samta Prasad was the son of Pandit Hari Sunder , also known as Bacha Mishra , Pandit Samta Prasad grandfather was Pt .
 Jagannath Mishra , and Jagannath Mishra ancestors included Pt .
Pratap Maharaj , also known as Gudai Maharaj .
 Pratap Maharaj was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 1979 , given by the Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy of Music , Dance & Drama and the Padma Bhushan , the third highest civilian honour given by Govt .
of India in 1991 .
Pandit Samta Prasad was born on 20 July 1921 , in Kabir chaura , Banaras , Uttar Pradesh into a family steeped in the tradition of tabla and pakhawaj of Benaras gharana , sometimes referred as Poorab baaj school .
 Pandit Samta Prasad preliminary taalim began with His preliminary taalim father , who died when Pandit Samta Prasad was seven .
 Thereafter , His preliminary taalim took the discipleship of Pt .
Bikku Maharaj , himself a disciple of Pt .
Baldev Sahai , and began to practise for long hours daily .
 Samta Prasad gave Pandit Samta Prasad first major performance at the Allahabad Sangeet Sammelan in 1942 , where Pandit Samta Prasad impressed the musicians present there , and soon established Pandit Samta Prasad as an accompanist as well as a soloist .
 Throughout Pandit Samta Prasad career , Pandit Samta Prasad performed in various parts of India in 1991 , such as Kolkata , Mumbai , Chennai and Lucknow .
 Pandit Samta Prasad also represented the Indian cultural team while abroad , in such places as France , Russia and Edinburgh .
 Pandit Samta Prasad also played the tabla in Hindi films like , Jhanak Jhanak Payal Baje , Meri Surat Teri Ankhen , Basant Bahar , Asamapta and Sholay .
It is believed that music director , S.D. Burman postponed the recording of the song , Nache mora manwa magan tikta dhighi dhighi being sung by Mohd .
 Rafi in the film Meri Surat Teri Aakhen until the arrival of Pandit Samta Prasad from Banaras .
He died in May 1994 in Pune , India .
 He was on a visit to Pune to conduct a coaching workshop organized by Naad Roop .
The workshop was a success , but Panditjis unexpected demise left a permanent scar on the minds of those who attended the workshop .
 Panditjis was awarded Padma Shri in the year 1972 , and received the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 1979 and the President Scholarship in 1987 .
 Panditjis achieved the Padma Bhushan in 1991 .
 Amongst Panditjis noted disciples are Pandit Bhola Prasad Singh , Patna , Shashanka Bakshi , Nitin Chatterjee , Naba Kumar Panda , Rahul Dev Burman , Gurmit Singh Virdee , Partha Sarathi Mukherjee , Satyanarayan Bashisht , and Panditjis son , Pandit Kumar Lal Mishra , now a noted tabla player himself
Pandit Manas Chakraborty was an Indian classical vocalist .
 Pandit Manas Chakraborty belonged to Kotali Gharana started by Pandit Manas Chakraborty father and guru Sangeetacharya Tarapada Chakraborty .
Pandit Manas Chakraborty performed at many music conferences and programs which include Allauddin Music Conference , 1976 , 5th RIMPA Music Festival , Benaras , 1984 , Swai Gandharva Sangeet Mahotsav , Pune , 1984 etc. .
 Pandit Manas Chakraborty was a writer and composer .
 Pandit Manas Chakraborty used the pseudoname ` Sadasant ' or ` Sadasant Piya ' to write Bandish .
 Pandit Manas Chakraborty composed many Bengali songs
Joseph J. Palackal is an Indic musicologist , singer and composer , with special interests in the musical traditions of the Indian Christians .
 Joseph J. Palackal is also the Founder-President of the Christian Musicological Society of India .
 Joseph J. Palackal wrote a Masters thesis at Hunter College in 1995 on the various styles of singing the Puthenpaana Song , the Malayalam , Hindi , Sanskrit , English poem composed by the grammarian and lexicographer Johann Ernst Hanxleden , analysing the several cultural influences -LSB- http://thecmsindia.org/puthenpaana.txt .
 Joseph J. Palackal wrote a doctoral thesis in ethnomusicology at the Graduate Center of the City University of New York in 2005 on Syriac chant traditions in South India , studying on the one hand the contemporary practice of model melodies of the East-Syriac/Chaldean rite of the Syro-Malabar Church , and , on the other hand , the oktoechos of the West Syriac Rite of the Oriental Orthodox Churches of South India -LSB- http://thecmsindia.org/syriac_chants.txt .
 As part of this doctoral work , Palackal brought out a CD , Qambel Maran , a collection of Syriac chants in the Chaldean tradition of the Syro-Malabar Church ; Syriac includes the hymn Awun d'wasmayya , i.e. , the Lords Prayer in Aramaic , arguably in the same words which were used by Jesus when Jesus taught the Pater Noster , compositions by St. Ephrem the Syrian , and the Syriac translation Sabbah lesan of the Latin hymn Pange Lingua by St. Thomas Aquinas ; these chants had up to then been preserved in the main only in oral tradition ; among the singers is Fr .
 Abel Periyappuram , the founder of the Kalabhavan and the key in the transition of the Syro-Malabar liturgy from Syriac to Malayalam , Hindi , Sanskrit , English .
 Joseph J. Palackal is the lead vocalist for about 30 works in Malayalam , Hindi , Sanskrit , English , Hindi , Sanskrit , English , and Aramaic .
 Joseph J. Palackal brought out in 1979 an LP record , Christian Bhajans , as part of an experiment under the aegis of Mar Cardinal Joseph Parecattil to devise a liturgy founded on the Indian musical tradition Another work is a semi-classical rendering of the Sanskrit poem Kristhusahasranaamam -LSB- The Thousand Names of Christ -LSB- http://thecmsindia.org/releases.html#sahasranaamam1 by the engineer and philologist I. C. Chacko , Illiparambil .
 Joseph J. Palackal made Joseph J. Palackal New York debut in 1990 with a guest appearance singing a Christian devotional song in Hindi in the off-Broadway show Nunsense ; later performance venues include Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts and Princeton University .
 Joseph J. Palackal published several research papers on music in English and Malayalam , Hindi , Sanskrit , English .
 As a consequence , Joseph J. Palackal was invited to write articles on Indian Christian music in the New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians and in the Garland Encyclopedia of World Music ; neither encyclopaedia had dealt with the topic before .
 Joseph J. Palackal also published illustrations of various facets of their music , culture , and history ; these include .
 the picture of an angel playing a five-stringed violin as carved on the wooden altar of St. Marys Forane Church , Pallippuram , the iconic portrait of Christ -LSB- the Guru drawn by Joy Elamkunnapuzha , and the picture of the granite Cross -LSB- http://thecmsindia.org/art.html#persian_cross at St. Thomas Mount , Chennai , the earliest available material evidence for a flourishing Christian community in South India .
 As composer , Palackal and George Thaila , commissioned by the Syro-Malabar Church , created music for the English Solemn High Mass in the Chaldean rite .
 In an attempt to illumine the heritage of the Indian Christians , Joseph J. Palackal conceived and produced the documentary film Kerala : the Cradle of Indian Christianity in South Asia .
 Joseph J. Palackal studied Hindustani classical music under N. V. Patwardhan , graduating from the Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda ; Joseph J. Palackal holds degrees in Christian theology and psychology , the latter with a Gold medal from the Faculty of Arts of M. S. University , and held a National Merit Scholarship .
 Joseph J. Palackal was , for a time , Dean of Studies at the Kalabhavan under Fr .
 Abel Periyappuram .
 Abel Periyappuram also founded Nadopasana , a society for the promotion of Indian classical and choral music , at Upasana Centre , Thodupuzha .
 Joseph J. Palackal hails from the family of Palackal Thoma Malpan , the senior founder of the Carmelites of Mary Immaculate , a monastic order which has served as a vessel to preserve many of the musical traditions of Indian Christianity , and grew up in the musical traditions of the Syro-Malabar Church .
 Joseph J. Palackal lives in New York City
Tim Reynolds is a Grammy nominated multi-instrumentalist known as both a solo artist and as a lead guitarist for the Dave Matthews Band .
One reviewer has declared Reynolds an under-rated master .
Reynolds plays the guitar , piano , sitar , drums , violin , bass , keyboards , ethnic percussive instruments , solo djembe , harp , uses drum machines for special effects , and sings , although his performances are primarily instrumental rock music .
 As well as being the founding member of the band TR3 , the founding member of the band TR3 is one of the musicians who performed at Millers , in Charlottesville Virginia , befriending and encouraging the bartender , a young Dave Matthews , to form a band of a young Dave Matthews own , introducing a young Dave Matthews to local musicians , several of whom make up the Dave Matthews Band .
While Reynolds declined the offer to join as an official member , he recorded and toured as a sideman with the Dave Matthews Band from its inception until late 1998 , rejoining them as a permanent member in June 2008 .
He often tours with Dave Matthews as an acoustic duo , in addition to performing as a member of Dave Matthews & Friends .
Reynolds was born in Wiesbaden , Germany , where his father , a career military man , was stationed .
He says he hails from nowhere , because the family moved so often .
 Some of the places the family lived include Germany , a farm in Indiana , then on an army base in Alaska , then to Kansas , then to Missouri , where Some of the places the family lived lived longer than any other place until Some of the places the family lived was old enough to move away as an adult .
 Both parents were extremely devout Christians and Christians says Christians grew up with Christian music all around Christians .
 However , Christians older sister owned some albums from The Beatles , which Christians says , even as a very young child , Christians loved instantly , playing air guitar to Both parents music .
Upon reaching adolescence , Reynolds was able to learn guitar and electric bass guitar , so he could perform in the familys local Church choir three times a week , with the secret added bonus that he was able to begin experimenting with learning what eventually became second nature ; adding riffs infused with rock and roll , funk and soul music by the age of twelve .
 Upon graduation from high school , he moved away from home , and after moving from the Midwestern States , landed in Charlottesville Virginia , Charlottesville Virginia , finding jazz , jazz fusion , and experimental music enthusiasts there .
Reynolds found the college town a more welcoming environment for him to branch out musically there than in any of his previous homes , and added to his experimentation other musical influences to his repertoire , including sixties psychedelic rock , citing some of his early influences as Jimi Hendrix , Carlos Santana and Led Zeppelin .
By the 1990s , he had formed the Tim Reynolds Three or TR3 , and had added other influences to his repertoire ; music from Nine Inch Nails , Bob Marley and Marilyn Manson .
In addition , he continued to learn to play other instruments , including the sitar , sarod , the mandello , keytar , tubular bells and other exotic instruments that are not commonly seen in Western rock artists of the rock and roll musicians of the time .
 Reynolds was performing in Charlottesville in the late 1980s when his old college roommate , Nic Cappon , encouraged Nic Cappon to perform at a local bar , Millers , where Nic Cappon met bartender Dave Matthews .
 Reynolds explains : I played there in Charlottesville Virginia all the time .
Dave Matthews was the bartender .
 I knew the rest of a young Dave Matthews band way before that .
 We played together in Charlottesville Virginia since I moved there in 1981 .
 I would play with LeRoi Moore and Carter Beauford .
 a young Dave Matthews moved to town in 1987 .
 When the Dave Matthews Band started , I already had I own band .
 I told a young Dave Matthews , `` Ive got a band and I kind of like the way it is .
 You should start You band .
 I could see that a young Dave Matthews needed to do a young Dave Matthews own thing .
In 1993 , Reynolds and Dave Matthews started playing a few acoustic duo sets .
 These featured a young Dave Matthews music , stripped down to just the acoustic guitar , paired with Reynoldss guitar , and Reynolds occasional use of slide guitar .
During these sets , Reynolds would play between one to four of his own pieces that spanned his own catalog of work .
 After a few years these shows gained popularity , and in 1996 a young Dave Matthews and Reynolds embarked on These first full tour together as a duo .
In 1999 , coinciding with the release of the 40-date tour , Live at Luther College was released .
 After a short break , Reynolds toured again with a young Dave Matthews as a duo in 2003 .
 Reynolds and a young Dave Matthews then reprised These duo shows as an opening act for the Dave Matthews & Friends tour in 2003 and early 2004 .
 These played several shows together in 2006 and 2007 .
 Reynolds joined a young Dave Matthews on a mini-tour of Europe in February and March 2007 .
 On August 14 , 2007 , a young Dave Matthews and Reynolds released a live CD/DVD set , Live at Radio City , including the songs Stay or Leave , Gravedigger , Cornbread , and Dancing Nancies , among others .
 August 14 , 2007 also includes two of Reynolds own songs ; You are I Sanity and Betrayal .
The Radio City show was also released in high definition on Blu-ray Disc .
In 2008 , Reynolds once again joined Dave Matthews Band for the recording Big Whiskey and the Groogrux King with producer Rob Cavallo .
 It was the Tim Reynolds Three first recording collaboration with Matthews since 2003s Some Devil and the Tim Reynolds Three first with the Dave Matthews Band since 1998s Before These Crowded Streets .
 Reynolds and a young Dave Matthews performed together several times in April 2008 : in support of Presidential candidate Barack Obama , at the Seeds of Compassion show in Seattle , Washington , and at Jack Johnson s Kokua Festival at the Waikiki Shell on the island of Oahu , in Honolulu , Hawaii .
Reynolds toured as lead guitarist with the Dave Matthews Band in support of Big Whiskey and the GrooGrux King in early 2008 .
As of the summer tour of 2013 , he is still a full time member of the Dave Matthews Band .
 Following the release of Dave Matthews first solo album , Some Devil , a young Dave Matthews brought together many of the albums collaborators and embarked on a small winter 2003/2004 U.S. tour .
The group consisted of Trey Anastasio on guitar , Brady Blade on drums , Tony Hall on bass , Ray Paczkowski on keys , and Reynolds on guitar .
 Each show opened with a small acoustic a young Dave Matthews and Reynolds set , and then followed with the full band set with Reynolds performing on electric guitar .
Most of Some Devil was played live that tour , along with a wide variety of covers , including , by Reynolds request , Peter Gabriel s hit Solsbury Hill .
 Dave Matthews & Friends performed occasional shows again in 2004 , 2005 , and 2006 .
 In 2008 , Reynolds joined Dave Matthews Band on Dave Matthews & Friends summer North American tour , and scheduled to rejoin Dave Matthews & Friends on Dave Matthews & Friends Spring 2009 North American tour .
 Both a young Dave Matthews and Reynolds have an open taping policy that additionally extends to TR3 , which is available on a young Dave Matthews website .
 The pair contend that no two of Reynolds own songs concerts are alike , due in great part to Reynolds inspired exploration of the melody on stage .
 Reynolds and a young Dave Matthews performed on a 2008 album called the songs Stay for Tibet , Dalai Lama Tenzin Gyatso , an initiative to support Tibet , Dalai Lama Tenzin Gyatso , Dalai Lama Tenzin Gyatso and to underline the human rights violations allegedlly committed against Tibet , Dalai Lama Tenzin Gyatso by China .
 On Oct. 4 2009 Reynolds performed with Matthews in St. Louis , Missouri to support Farm Aid in 2009 .
Reynolds has a son Josef , born in February 1982 with his wife , Linna .
In 1995 , he and girlfriend Diane Thomas had a daughter , Eura .
 he and girlfriend Diane Thomas resided in New Mexico with Eura son Jostin Bileyu .
 In 2008 , girlfriend Diane Thomas moved with he and girlfriend Diane Thomas children to North Carolina .
 Tim followed , to be near his daughter Eura .
 He currently resides in North Carolina , after living for 17 years in Charlottesville Virginia and several years in New Mexico
Karsh Kale is an Indian American musician , producer and composer , and is considered one of the pioneering figures in defining the Asian Underground genre by mixing disparate genres of music such as Indian classical and folk with electronica , rock , pop and ambient music .
 In addition to production , remixing , and DJ work , Karsh Kale is known for his tabla drumming and film composition .
 Born as Utkarsha Kale on November 1 , 1974 to Indian immigrants in West Bromwich , England , Karsh Kale was raised in Brooklyn , New York after Karsh Kale parents relocated in 1977 .
 Karsh Kale took an interest in drums and eventually became a tabla player .
 Kales father introduced Karsh Kale to a broad range of music , which included traditional Indian music , classical , rock , and even early hip-hop .
 From this broad range of influences , Karsh Kale , who was self-taught , developed Karsh Kale own style , which eventually led to Karsh Kale electric tabla .
 In 2000 , Bill Laswell founded Tabla Beat Science , inviting Karsh Kale , along with Zakir Hussain , Talvin Singh , Trilok Gurtu and Sultan Khan .
Together , the group released Tala Matrix that year .
The album is considered to be one of the most influential Asian Fusion albums to date , and the group embarked on a tour , of which one of the shows was later released on DVD .
 While a Music Production and Performance student at New York University , Karsh Kale began playing in bands and working as a session musician .
 In 1999 , Karsh Kale began work on Karsh Kale first EP , Classical Science Fiction from India and began hosting bi-weekly Futureproof events , which consisted of DJ and electric tabla sets .
These events attracted the attention of San Francisco label Six Degrees Records .
 Soon after , Kales became the first Indo-American to be signed to a solo recording contract in the United States , a move which was followed by Kales first full-length album , Realize , in 2001 .
 Realize , often considered as a major milestone in what Kales called Asian Massive , was followed with 2002s Asian Massive Tour , which also featured Midival Punditz and Cheb i Sabbah , and 2003s Liberation .
 Kales third album , 2006s Broken English , was predominantly set to English lyrics , a shift from Kales previous albums .
 Kales follow-up Breathing Under Water , released in 2007 , was the result of a two-year collaboration with sitar instrumentalist Anoushka Shankar .
 In 2011 , Kales released Cinema , which draws influence from Kales experiences in composing for Bollywood .
 Kales has composed for crossover and Bollywood films including Chutney Popcorn , Indian Cowboy , Ocean of Pearls , and Pyaar Impossible !

His tracks have also been featured in shows such as HBO s True Blood and Real Time with Bill Maher .
Two of his songs were included in as sample music in Windows Vista by Microsoft .
Kales songwriting credits include songs with Sting and Norah Jones , and has remixed songs by artists including Paula Cole , Yoko Ono , and The Cure .
 Kales also worked with Midival Punditz on a rescoring of Bruce Lees Enter the Dragon .
 In 2012 Kales was one of an esteemed group of music producers selected to take part in MTV Indias music incubation project : Coke Studio for its second season .
 Working with Indian artists including Monali Thakur , Benny Dayal , Apeksha Dandekar and more , Monali Thakur produced some of the series most innovative and well received tracks including Glorious , Shedding Skin and a new twist on the Umrao Jaan classic - Dil Cheez
Abhik Mukherjee is an Indian classical sitar artist of the Etawah gharana .
 Abhik Mukherjee received Abhik Mukherjee musical training from Pandit Arvind Parikh and Pandit Kashinath Mukherjee , themselves the disciples of the legendary Ustad Vilayat Khan .
 Abhik began Abhik sitar training at the age of six in Kolkata , India .
 Abhik received a gold medal from Rabindra Bharati University in Kolkata as well as a scholarship from the Ministry of Culture , India .
 Abhik has performed and given workshops in Culture , India , the United States , Singapore , Taiwan , Switzerland , Germany , Italy , Suriname , and Argentina .
 Abhik is an active member of Brooklyn Raga Massive , an Indian classical music organization based in New York City
The shehnai , shahnai , shenai or mangal vadya , is a double reed oboe , common in India , Pakistan , Bangladesh and Iran , made out of wood , with a metal flare bell at the end .
 Shehnai sound is thought to create and maintain a sense of auspiciousness and sanctity and , as a result , is widely used during marriages , processions , and in temples , although Its sound is also played in concerts .
Shenai is similar to South India s nadaswaram .
This tubular instrument gradually broadens towards the lower end .
 This tubular instrument usually has between six and nine holes .
 This tubular instrument employs one set of quadruple reeds , making This tubular instrument a quadruple reed woodwind .
By controlling the breath , various tunes can be played on it .
The shehnai has a range of two octaves , from the A below middle C to the A one line above the treble clef .
The ancestor of North Indian shehnai is believed to be from Persian Surna .
The shehnai is thought to have been developed by improving upon the pungi .
There are varying legends of the shehnais origin .
In one of these , a shah initially banned the playing of the pungi in his court due to its shrill sound .
A barber , belonging to a family of musicians , improved on it and created the shehnai .
 As it was played in the Shahs court and giving due reference to the nai or barber , the new instrument was called Shehnai .
Another theory of the origin of the shehnai is that the name is a modification of the word sur-nal .
The word nal/nali/nad is used in many Indian languages to mean pipe or reed .
The word sur means tone or tune -- musical note or simply music -- and is used as a prefix to the names of many Indian instruments .
 The sur-nal is said to have given The sur-nal name to the surna/zurna which is the name by which the reed-pipe is known throughout the Middle East and eastern Europe .
Shehnai is usually played at traditional North Indian weddings and is associated with the bride leaving her parental house for her husbands house .
Sometimes , two shehnais can be tied together , making it a double shawm similar to the ancient Greek aulos .
Whereas the counterparts played in West Indian and Coastal Karnatka are indigenous to the territory .
Shenai players were/are an integral part of Goan/Konkani and temples along the western coast and the players are called as Vajantri and they were alloted lands for services rendered for the temples
 Raga Asa is an Indian musical raga that appears in the Sikh tradition from northern India and is part of the Sikh holy scripture the Guru Granth Sahib .
Every raga has a strict set of rules which govern the number of notes that can be used ; which notes can be used ; and their interplay that has to be adhered to for the composition of a tune .
 In the Guru Granth Sahib , the Sikh holy Granth there are a total composition of 31 ragas and this raga is the fourth raga to appear in the series .
The composition in this raga appear on 142 pages from page numbers 347 to 489 .
Asa translates to hope It gives the mood of making effort and provides the feelings of inspiration , courage , determination , ambition , passion , and zeal to the reciter and listeners .
Asa is a very old raga which was once popular in the Punjab but seldom heard in concerts today .
 In the Guru Granth Sahib s Ragmala a ragini of raga Megha is a ragini of raga Megha .
 However , today Punjab is assigned to the Bilaval thata .
Asa is a devotional raga for the cold season and is performed in the early morning just before sunrise .
However , it is also known as a twilight melody with a calm mystical mood .
Raga Asa was used by Dhanul Laskangadas , Guru Nanak , Guru Angad , Guru Amar Das , Guru Ram Das , Guru Arjan and Guru Tegh Bahadur .
The following represents the order of notes that can be used on the ascending and descending phase of the composition and the primary and secondary notes .
Asa is a crooked raga in that approaches to certain notes have to be made from a set position .
 Its variants as given in the Guru Granth Sahib are Kafi and Raga Asa , both of which have many features in common with Asa .
This raga may have originated in Maharashtra about the time of the major Muslim invasions .
 Its pleasing sound made Its pleasing sound suitable for bhajans by the Hindu devotees
 Tati is a single stringed Naga traditional musical instrument invented and used by the stringed Naga people since time immemorial .
It is popularly used by the Angami Nagas and Chakesang Nagas to sing traditional folk .
The instrument measuring about 3-4 foot in length is made of a dried caved-out Bottle Gourd .
This Bottle Gourd is covered with thin film , such as the bladder of animals and attached to one end of a pole .
A string is tied between the two ends of the pole over the film covered caved Bottle Gourd
Albela Sajan Aayo Re is a classical Hindi song popularized by Ustad Sultan Khan of Indore gharana .
 Ustad Sultan Khan sang Albela Sajan Aayo Re in the Bollywood movie , Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam along with Shankar Mahadevan and Kavitha Krishnamurthy
The Gwalior Gharana is one of the oldest Khyal Gharanas .
The rise of the Gwalior Gharana started with the reign of the great Mughal emperor Akbar .
 The favorite singers of this patron of the arts , such as Miyan Tansen , first amongst the vocalists at the court , came from the town of The Gwalior Gharana .
 During the time of Mughal kings Ustad Nathan Pir Bakhsh and Ustad Nathan Pir Bakhsh maternal grandsons were the legendary Ustad Nathan Pir Bakhsh , Hassu Khan and Nathu Khan .
The main musician in the court at the time was Ustad Bade Mohammad Khan who was famous for his taanbaazi .
Both Ustad Bade Mohammad Khan and Ustad Nathan Pir Bakhsh belonged to the same tradition of Shahi Sadarang .
 Some sources believe that Ustad Nathan Pir Bakhsh settled in The Gwalior Gharana and evolved the style features that led to this gharana .
Others claim that individuals named Nathan Pir Bakhsh and Nathu Khan founded the gharana .
The accepted version is that Nathan Pir Baksh left Lucknow in Uttar Pradesh to escape the professional rivalry with Ustad Shakkar Khan that had taken an ugly turn .
 Nathan Pir Baksh arrived in The Gwalior Gharana with Nathan Pir Baksh maternal grandsons Haddu Khan and Hassu Khan .
 Another great khyal singer , also originally from Lucknow , was Ustad Bade Mohammed Khan who brought the Taan into khyal singing .
 Haddu Khan and Hassu Khan further enhanced the style of the The Gwalior Gharana gharana as we recognize the Gwalior style today .
Hassu Khan died prematurely .
 Haddu Khan s son , Rehmat Ali Khan was a widely acclaimed singer who liberated the The Gwalior Gharana style from the methodical form the Gwalior style followed to the emotional style that Ustad Nathan Pir Bakhsh preferred .
 A distinguishing feature of the gharana is A distinguishing feature of the gharana simplicity , and one means to this is the selection of well-known ragas so that the listener is saved the effort of trying to identify the raga .
While the khyal singer does include Raga Vistar and Alankar to enhance the beauty and meaning of the raga , there is no attempt to include the Tirobhava feature in the interest of adding interest or mystery to the listeners experience .
 The singing The singing places Bandish at the heart of the presentation because of the gharanas belief that the full melody of the raga and guidance on The singing singing is provided by the bandish .
The asthayi section is sung twice before the antara , to be followed by swar-vistar in medium tempo .
This slow rendition of the notes is known as the Behlava , and is sung from Ma in the lower register to Pa in the higher register , following the pattern of the Aaroha and Avaroha of the raga .
The behlava is divided into the asthayi and antara .
The Dugun-Ka-Alap follows in which groups of two or four note combinations are sung in quicker succession but the basic tempo remains the same .
The Bol-Alap is next in which the different words of the text are sung in different ways , to be followed by Murkis in which notes are sung with ornamentation to a faster pace .
Bol-Taans entail the formation of melodic sequences with the words of the song .
 The other The Sapat Taan , including the Gamak , follow .
 The Sapat Taan is important to the The Gwalior Gharana style and refers to the singing of notes in a straight sequence and at a Vilambit pace .
 Both Dhrupad and khyal singing evolved in The Gwalior Gharana and there are many overlaps .
In the khyal style there is one form , Mundi Dhrupad , that incorporates all the features of dhrupad singing but without the Mukhda .
Common ragas include Alhaiya Bilawal , Yaman , Bhairav , Sarang , Shree , Hameer , Gaud Malhar , and Miya Ki Malhar
The tambura , tanpura , tamburi is a long-necked plucked lute found in different forms in Indian music culture .
Hindustani musicians speak of tanpura whereas Carnatic musicians say tambura ; tamburi is a smaller instrument used for accompanying instrumental soloists .
For practical use , all these types are called tanpura in the text .
 The body shape of the tanpura somewhat resembles that of the sitar , but The body shape of the tanpura has no frets - as the strings are always plucked at their full lengths .
One or more tanpuras may be used to accompany vocalists or instrumentalists .
 One has four or five wire strings , which are plucked one after another in a regular pattern to create a harmonic resonance on the basic note or keynote .
Tanpuras form the root of the ensemble and indeed of the music itself , as the tanpura creates an acoustic dynamic reference chord from which the ragas derive their distinctive character , color and flavor .
Concerning its history , a quote from A. D. Ranade : The first unambiguous reference to the tanpura is in Sangit Parijat .
It is neither mentioned by the earlier texts nor does it find a place in sculptures .
An electronic tanpura , a small box that imitates the sound of a tanpura , is often used in contemporary Indian classical music performances instead of , or in addition to a tanpura .
 One or more tanpuras come in different sizes and pitches : larger males , smaller females for vocalists , and a yet smaller version is used for accompanying sitar or sarod , called tamburi .
 Male vocalists pitch Male vocalists tonic note , often at C # ; female singers usually a fifth higher , though these tonic notes may vary according to the preference of the singer , as there is no absolute and fixed pitch-reference in the Indian classical music systems .
The male instrument has an open string length of approximately one metre ; the female is three-fourths of the male .
The standard tuning is 5-8-8-1 or , in Indian sargam , PA-sa-sa-SA .
For ragas that omit the fifth tone , pa , the first string is tuned down to the natural fourth : 4-8-8-1 or Ma-sa-sa-Sa .
Some ragas require a less common tuning with shuddh NI , NI-sa-sa-SA .
With a five-string instrument , the seventh or NI can be added : PA-NI-sa-sa-SA or MA-NI-sa-sa-SA .
The name tanapura is probably derived from tana , referring to a musical phrase , and pura , which means full or complete .
 Both in The name tanapura musical function and how it works , the tanpura is unique in many ways .
It does not partake in the melodic part of the music , but it supports and sustains the melody by providing a colourful and dynamic harmonic resonance field based on one precise tone , the basic note or key note .
Also , it is not played in rhythm with the music , as the precise timing of plucking a cycle of four strings in a continuous loop is a determinant factor in the resultant sound .
The special overtone-rich sound and the audible movement in the inner resonances of tone is achieved by applying the principle of jivari or jawari which creates a sustained buzzing sound in which particular harmonics will resonate with focused clarity .
 Jiva refers to soul , that Jiva gives life , implying that the tanpura embodies an animated tone quality .
Another linguistic reference is sawari which means saddle .
The principle of jivari can be compared to the prismatic refraction of white light into the colours of the rainbow , as its acoustic twin principle at work , amplifying the inner resonances of a tone to audible harmonics .
To achieve this effect , the strings pass over a wide , arched bridge , the front of which slopes gently away from the surface of the strings .
When a string is plucked , it has an intermittent periodical grazing contact with the bridge ; this intermittent grazing of the string on the curved bridge will move around in the sonation process , as the points of contact will gradually shift , being a compound function of amplitude , the curvature of the bridge , pitch and string tension .
When the string is plucked , it has a large amplitude , moving up and down and contacting the bridge on the down-phase .
As the energy of the strings movement gradually diminishes , the contact point of the string with the bridge slowly creeps up the slope of the bridge like a wave out of the sea spending itself on the beach .
Depending on scale and pitch , this can take between three and ten seconds .
This dynamic process can be fine-tuned using a cotton thread between string and bridge : by shifting the thread , the grazing contact sequence is shifted to a different position on the bridge , changing the harmonic content .
 Every single string produces This dynamic process own cascading range of harmonics and , at the same time , builds up a particular resonance .
 According to this principle , One or more tanpuras are attentively tuned to achieve a particular tonal shade relative to the tonal characteristics of the raga .
These more delicate aspects of tuning are directly related to what Indian musicians call raga svaroop , which is about how characteristic intonations are important defining aspects of a particular raga .
 The tanpuras particular setup , with the cotton thread as a variable focus-point , made The tanpuras particular setup possible to explore a multitude of harmonic relations produced by the subtle harmonic interplay in time of The tanpuras particular setup four strings
Mallikarjun Bheemarayappa Mansur was an Indian classical singer of the khyal style in the Jaipur-Atrauli gharana of Hindustani classical music .
 Mallikarjun Bheemarayappa Mansur received all three national Padma Awards , the Padma Shri in 1970 , Padma Bhushan in 1976 , and Padma Vibhushan , the second highest civilian honour given Government of India in 1992 .
 In 1982 , Mallikarjun Bheemarayappa Mansur was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Fellowship , the highest honour conferred by the Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy of Music , Dance & Drama .
 Mallikarjun Bheemarayappa Mansur was born on December 31 , 1910 , at Mallikarjun Bheemarayappa Mansur , a village five km .
west of Dharwad , Karnataka .
 Mallikarjun Bheemarayappa Mansur father , Bheemaraayappa was village headman , a farmer by occupation was an ardent lover and patron of music .
 His father had four brothers and three sisters .
 His father elder brother Baswaraj owned a theatre troupe , thus at age nine Mansur did a small role acted in play .
 Spotting the talent in his son , Mallikarjuns father engaged his son , Rajshekhar Mansur to a travelling Yakshagana troupe .
 The owner of this troupe took a liking to the tender and melodious voice of Mallikarjuns and encouraged The owner of this troupe to sing different types of compositions during the drama-performances .
 Hearing one such performance , The owner of this troupe was picked up by Pundit Appaya Swamy under whom The owner of this troupe had The owner of this troupe initial training in Carnatic music .
 Sometime later , The owner of this troupe was introduced to classical Hindustani music under Nilkanth Bua Alurmath of Miraj who belonged to the Gwalior Gharana .
 The latter brought The owner of this troupe to Ustad Alladiya Khan , the stalwart and the then patriarch of the Jaipur-Atrauli gharana , in the late 1920s , who referred The owner of this troupe to The owner of this troupe elder son , Ustad Manji Khan .
 Following Manji Khans untimely death , The owner of this troupe came under the tutelage of Ustad Bhurji Khan , the younger son of Ustad Alladiya Khan .
 This grooming under the Khan Brothers had the most important influence on The owner of this troupe singing .
 Mallikarjun Bheemarayappa Mansur was well known for Mallikarjun Bheemarayappa Mansur command over a large number of rare ragas such as Shuddh Nat , Asa Jogiya , Hem Nat , Lachchhasakh , Khat , Shivmat Bhairav , Bihari , Sampoorna Malkauns , Lajawanti , Adambari Kedar and Bahaduri Todi , as well as Mallikarjun Bheemarayappa Mansur constant , mercurial improvisations in both melody and metre without ever losing the emotional content of the song .
 Initially , Mallikarjun Bheemarayappa Mansur voice and style resembled that of Manji Khan and Narayanrao Vyas , but gradually Mallikarjun Bheemarayappa Mansur developed Mallikarjun Bheemarayappa Mansur own style of rendition .
 Mallikarjun Bheemarayappa Mansur also remained music director with Mallikarjun Bheemarayappa Mansur Masters Voice and later music advisor to All India Radio s Dharwad station .
 Mallikarjun Bheemarayappa Mansur wrote an autobiographical book titled Nanna Rasayatre in Kannada , which has been translated into English as a book titled My Journey in Music by Mallikarjun Bheemarayappa Mansur son , Rajshekhar Mansur .
Mallikarjun Mansur was married to Gangamma .
 Mallikarjun Bheemarayappa Mansur had seven daughters and a son Rajashekhar Mansur .
 Amongst Pt Mansurs children , Rajashekhar Mansur and Neela Kodli are Rajashekhar Mansur and Neela Kodli .
Rajashekhar Mansur was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi award in 2012 .
 To mark Mallikarjun Bheemarayappa Mansur birth centenary , a three-day music festival was organized in Dharwad and Hubli from December 31 to January 2 , 2011 , wherein singer from across India performed , also performances were held at the Kariyamma Devi temple premises at Mallikarjun Bheemarayappa Mansur birth place Mallikarjun Bheemarayappa Mansur village .
 Mallikarjun Bheemarayappa Mansur ancestral home in Mallikarjun Bheemarayappa Mansur was also converted into a memorial .
 In 2013 , a five audio CD collection , Akashvani Sangeet of Mallikarjun Bheemarayappa Mansur music including rare Vachana Gayana renditions , was released by All India Radio archives at a ceremony held at Srijana Rangamandir at the Karnatak College Dharwar campus
