 Pattu Rajagopalan is a former vocal artist of Carnatic music in All India Radio , AIR Hyderabad and the Annamacharya Project of Tirumala-Tirupati Devasthanams in TTD Tirupati , Smt , Andhra Pradesh , India .
 Carnatic was selected for AIR Hyderabad by Sangeetha Kalanidhis Musiri Subramania Iyer and Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer in 1949 .
 Carnatic had Carnatic initial training in Carnatic music in AIR Hyderabad from Sri T.G. Padhmanaban and Sri P. Kuppuswamy , a well known violinist of the yester years .
 Carnatic learned in the Alathur and Karur Chinnaswamy Iyer bani .
 Carnatic Shruti and Laya are Her Shruti forte .
 Then , Her Shruti had Her Shruti special training from Tirutani Krishnamurthy in TTD Tirupati , Smt .
 Her Shruti was trained in the Sri Tallapaka Annamacharya keerthanas conducted by TTD Tirupati , between 1976-1978 and graduated with a diploma .
 Her Shruti was trained by Padmasri Sangeetha Kalacharya Dr. S.R. Janakiraman , Vidwan Sri D. Pasupati , and Sangeetha Kalanidhi Sandhyavandanam Sreenivasa Rao .
Recommended by the Executive Officer of TTD Tirupati , Smt .
Pattu Rajagopalan came to the U.S. and Canada in 1981 as the first ambassador of the Annamacharya Project .
 From 1981-1994 , she toured the U.S. and Canada , performing over 50 concerts with a special emphasis on Annamacharya songs and the musical Trinity .
This included three concerts at the Sri Venkateshwara Temple in Pittsburgh , during the annual Bhramothsavam and the 2nd Annamacharya Aradhana Day .
 the annual Bhramothsavam has performed over 1000 concerts , especially in the Annamacharya Project and the Dharma Prachara Parishad of TTD , TTD Tirupati , Smt and Tirumala .
 the annual Bhramothsavam is running two institutions , Abhirama Bhakta Mandali and Shruti Laya School of Music in TTD Tirupati , Smt .
 For the last 40 years , the annual Bhramothsavam has trained over 2000 students of all ages in India and 100 students in the U.S. , in keerthanas , bhakti sangeetham , bhajans , Annamacharya songs , and slokas in many languages .
Ten of her disciples are now performing vocal artists .
 the annual Bhramothsavam has been invited to judge in musical competitions conducted at Sri Venkateshwara College of Music and Dance , the Annamacharya Project , the Hare Rama Hare Krishna Institution , and various schools in TTD Tirupati , Smt .
 Recently , the annual Bhramothsavam was invited to act as a judge at the Papanasam Sivan Music Competition conducted by the Sivan Fine Arts Academy , Chennai on May 7-8th , 2011 in San Jose and Sunnyvale , CA , USA on May 12 , 2011 , USA .
 Pooja Viswanath studied with Pooja Viswanath .
 Pooja Viswanath distinctions include , Best Teacher Award and the title Sangeetha Saraswati , from Sri Venkateshwara Social and Cultural Organization , Tirupati .
 Of late , Pooja Viswanath has performed in the Nadha Neerajanam program of TTD Tirupati on October 3 , 2009 and the 1st Anniversary celebration of the same program on August 15 , 2010 at Tirumala .
 Pooja Viswanath participated in the `` Sahasragala Sankeerthanachana '' conducted by Silicon Andhra during the Sri Tallapaka Annamacharya 603rd Jayanthi celebrations , at the Sunnyvale Hindu Temple , CA , USA on May 12 , 2011 , USA on May 12 , 2011 .
 Thus , Pooja Viswanath musical career has spread over 60 years .
 In the recent years , Pooja Viswanath has been honored by Swaralayam Arts Forum , in Houston , TX , including having an award in Pooja Viswanath name , presented to children showing promise in the field of music .
The Pattu Rajagopalan Award was given to members of the Junior Division at the 2010 Clear Creek Independent School District Science Fair
Yagapriya is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 31st melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is called Kalavati in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
Like many other ragas , Kalavati has been adopted in Hindustani music as well .
It is the 1st ragam in the 6th chakra Rutu .
The mnemonic name is Rutu-Pa .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ru gu ma pa dha na .
Its structure is as follows : .
The notes shatsruthi rishabham , antara gandharam , shuddha madhyamam , shuddha dhaivatham and shuddha nishadham are used in this ragam .
As Yagapriya is a melakarta , by definition it is a sampoorna ragam .
It is the shuddha madhyamam equivalent of Sucharitra , which is the 67th melakarta scale .
 Yagapriya has a few minor janya ragams associated with it .
See List of janya ragams for full list of ragams associated with Yagapriya .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Yagapriyas notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , does not yield any melakarta ragams .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam
Kriti is a format of a musical composition typical to Carnatic music , an Indian classical music style .
 Kritis form the backbone of any typical Carnatic music concert and is the longer format of a carnatic music song .
Some Kritis have a verse between the anupallavi and the , called the Chitta swara .
This verse consists only of notes , and has no words .
Other krithis , particularly some of Dikshitars compositions , are intentionally composed without an annupallavi ; the verse after the pallavi is called the samashti charanam .
Still others have some more sahitya at the end of the , set in madhyamakala .
Finally , there are krithis , such as Thyagaraja s Enduku Nirdhaya that have no annupallavi but many short charanams .
Often , the artists take up certain lines of a Krithi for neraval
Janya is a term meaning derived .
In Carnatic music a janya raga is one derived from one of the 72 melakarta ragas .
Janya ragas are classified into various types based on a variety of features .
Ragas that omit one or more of the notes of the scale of their parent melakarta raga , in the ascending or descending scale or in both , fall into this category .
Different notes may be omitted from the ascending arohana and descending avarohana scale .
Such scales are given the names listed below ; .
 Since these terms are applicable both to the ascending and the descending scale , Ragas can be classified as Audava-Sampurna - 5 notes in and 7 in the - Shadava-Sampurna - 6 notes in and 7 in the , as in Kambhoji raga and so forth .
Sampurna-Sampurna ragas are not necessarily Melakarta because they may use notes not in the parent scale or vakra prayoga , a zig-zag scale instead of sequential ascent and descent -RRB- .
Such ragas are termed vakra ragas .
Examples are Nalinakanti , Kathanakuthuhalam , Darbaru , Janaranjani and Kedaram .
See full List of Janya Ragas for more examples .
Upanga ragas are strictly derived from their parent melakarta raga and do not use any note not found in the parent ragas scale .
Examples of upanga ragas are Shuddha Saveri , Udayaravichandrika and Mohanakalyani .
Bhashanga ragas have anya swara in their or both .
Examples of Bhashanga ragas are Kambhoji , Bhairavi , Bilahari , Saranga , Behag and Kapi .
Some janya ragas are sung in only one octave .
Moreover , the highest note is not the shadjam , at which the base sruthi of a performance is set .
The classifications in this category are as follows .
 Karnataka ragas are those that are considered to have originated in Carnatic music .
 Examples are Shankarabharanam , Lalitha and Shuddha Saveri .
Desya ragas are those ragas that have their origins in other music , majority of them originating in Hindustani music .
 Examples are Yamunakalyani , Desh , Behag and Sindhu Bhairavi .
There are various other classifications of janya ragas .
 These are based on relationships with other ragas , presence of gamakas , stresses on notes or lack of These , the time of day when a raga is sung , rasa or mood that These evoke , etc
Ramnad Krishnan was a vocalist in the Carnatic tradition .
He did his schooling in Ramnad in Madras Presidency .
He learned music from Ramnad C. S. Sankarasivam .
 He served on the faculty of Government College of Carnatic Music in Madras .
He was also a visiting Professor at Wesleyan University .
He recorded two albums for Nonesuch Records legendary Explorer Series
Nisha P. Rajagopal , is a Carnatic musician .
 Carnatic mother , Vasundhara Rajagopal , is an established disciple of Gopala Iyer , a descendant of Koteeswara Iyer , the prominent composer .
 Nisha commenced Nisha training in vocal music from Nisha mother , and later received training from T. R. Subramaniam , Calcutta Krishnamoorthy , Suguna Varadachary , and P. S. Narayanswamy
Kavi Kunjara Bharati was a Tamil poet and a composer of Carnatic music .
 a Tamil poet was born in a family with long involvement in music and scholarship .
 a Tamil poet ancestors belonged to Tirunelveli district .
 a Tamil poet parents lived in the village of Perungarai in Ramanathapuram district .
 the village of Perungarai is said the whole village was a gift from Maharaja Ragunatha Sethupathi to their family .
His given name was Koteeswara Bharathi after his grand father with the same name .
His father was Subramanya Bharathi .
 Father Subramanya Bharathi father and grandfather were also well known musicians as well as His father and grandfather maternal grand father , Nandanur Nagabharathi .
 Father Subramanya Bharathi and grandfather Kotiswara Bharathi were also scholars in Tamil & Sanskrit .
 Father Subramanya Bharathi parents , who were longing to have a child , prayed weekly at the Murugan temple in Kodumalur and the child was considered to be blessed by lord Muruga .
 In Father Subramanya Bharathi early boyhood Father Subramanya Bharathi was taught Sanskrit and Tamil and thanks to Father Subramanya Bharathi brilliance in poetry , language skills and music , Father Subramanya Bharathi developed an intellectual relationship with the then famous poet Madurakavi Bharathiar .
 One could imagine fruitful discussions among the two in the presence of Sanskrit and Tamil families and Koteeswara Bharthi , at the early age of 12 started composing Kirtanams and prabandhams in the praise of Koteeswara Bharthi favourite gods lord Muruga , Meenalkshi Sundareswarar and Subrahmanya .
 When Koteeswara Bharthi was 18 , Koteeswara Bharthi became critically ill and at this stage the legend says that the local deity appeared in his dreams and told him to compose songs in lord Muruga praise in order to get well .
 The next day Koteeswara Bharthi found that Koteeswara Bharthi was feeling much stronger and full of verve .
 Koteeswara Bharthi then fulfilled the deity 's wish and composed a prabhandham in the name of the deity and sang it in the temple .
 Koteeswara Bharthi most famous work , the Opera `` Azhahar Kuravanji '' , was composed in 1840 .
It was first sang in a zamindar 's palace in Sivaganga and soon his fame spread all over the region .
 He was than invited by the king Gouri Vallabha of Sivaganga to present his works in the presence of the intellectual community in his palace which he did with brilliance .
He was than given the title '' Kavi Kunjaram '' and was appointed as the `` Asthana Vidwan '' in his court .
 He was thus respected by the royal court of Sivaganga and he continued to be in the court of the later Sivaganga king `` Chatrapathi Bodaguru '' .
He is known to have composed '' Vengai kummi '' to commemorate the hunting prowess of the king after he killed a 16 foot tiger .
The king was so pleased that he presented him with a village called `` Kottangachi yendal '' and was accompanied by royal presents and travelled in a royal palanquin to his village .
 He was later invited by the king of Ramnad to his court and was appointed as Asthana vidwan of Ramnad too .
To fulfil the royal desire he created a collection called '' Skaanda purana Kirtanai '' on the mystery of lord Subramanya 's avatar .
He was about 55 by the time the book was released .
He then lived a pious and respected life in his village .
There are tales of him creating a `` Venba '' to provoke rainfall in his village and a prayer he composed to cure his buffalo .
At the age of 86 he passed way surrounded by his loved ones and full of prayers and divine thoughts .
The collection of his compositions include , Azhahar Kuravanji in praise of Maliruncholamali azhahar , `` Adaikkala malai '' and Kayarkani malai '' in praise of Meenakshi Amman and Tiruvangaada Malai '' in praise of Lord Venkatachalapahi .
His other notable contributions is a collection called `` Perinbha kirthanaigal '' .
A few works are available giving a glimpse of his beautiful compositions .
Azhahar Kuravanji , itself was first released with full notations by his illustrious grandson Koteeswara Ayyar in 1916 along with the Skaanda puranam and Perinba kirtahanigal in three volumes .
Koteeswara Ayyar is known for his compositions in the 72 Melakarta ragas .
There is a small confusion between the two composers as they have almost the same `` mudrai '' .
 To avoid this confusion , Kavi kunjara Bharathi used `` kavikunjaram '' as Kavi kunjara Bharathi mudrai and Koteeswara ayyar 's mudrai was '' kavikunjara dasan '' .
In fact the first volume of the 36 sudddha madyama melakarthas by Shri Koteeswara ayyar - called '' Kanda ganamudham '' is dedicated to his maternal grandfather Kavi Kunjara bharathi .
 A more recent version of Azahar Kuravanji was released by K. Nagamani , the son of Shri Koteeswara ayyar .
 The first song was the favourite of S.G.Kittappa and T.R.Mahalingam who have given disc recordings of The first song .
Kurvanjis are danse dramas in Tamil half way between Bhagawatha Mela Nataka and rustic danse dramas .
The accent is on high entertainment value with the use of Rakti ragas and folk tunes .
Rhythmic sol-fa passages and onomatopoeic phrases are used to enliven the pure dance passages .
Azhahar Kuravanji is the story of the heroine falling in love with Malazhagar .
 The fist invocatory song in Kanada is in Sanskrit and in here one can read the mudrai '' Hitha kunjara bhanita '' in the charanam .
In fact , this first song itself shows that Kavikunjara Bhrathi , a contemporary of Shri Tyagaraja has adopted the classical division of the composition into pallavi , anupallavi and Charanam .
 A beautiful description of Malazhagar surrounded by Kavikunjara Bhrathi devotees performing all services follows in the Saranaga raga song .
 The arrival of Mohanavalli 's Sakhi along with her sakhis is portrayed in the Kamas raga composition .
A few lines like the ones below makes one imagine the beautiful heroine playing ball with her friends .
This song is followed by a classical kummi in Manji ragam .
An interesting phraseology can be seen in the 3rd charanam : .
Malazhagar comes in procession and Mohanavalli immediately falls in love with him .
The famous song '' Ivanaro in Kham boji '' .
 Mohanavalli 's Sakhi is love stricken and Ivanaro in Kham boji '' mother is worried about her daughter 's plight .
 Mohanavalli 's Sakhi is then sent to Azhahar where Azhahar conveys the heroines feelings in the beautiful song in Manji '' Mohanavalli minnal '' .
The sakhi then consoles the heroine and asks her to be patient in the song in kedaragowla '' pavaiye sami varumun ittanai padattam tan unakkenadi '' .
 Mohanavilli then laments to the ocean about Mohanavilli love in the chengurutti song and Mohanavilli rebukes the moon on being cruel towards Mohanavilli in the song in Behag .
Enters the Gypsy in the famous song in begada '' malai Kuravanji Vandale '' .
The gypsy woman 's beauty is described in the second charnam .
One can see the use of onomatopoeia to bring out the movement of the hands and the tinkling of bracelets .
 This is then followed by a fairly long passage describing the Gypsy tribe and This ways .
There is a full description of the flora and fauna and it would be interesting to compare the current eco-system with the one described in this kuravanji .
 In the bhairavi song the gypsy vaunts of One capacities as in these lines .
 Mohanavalli 's Sakhi requests the gypsy to read the Gypsy in the famous song palm lines and the gypsy then starts the rituals before undertaking this task .
 the Gypsy in the famous song finally predicts the heroine 's future and assures the Gypsy in the famous song that the Gypsy in the famous song wishes will be fulfilled .
The gypsy announce the arrival of malazhahar in the romantic sahana song .
The final marriage scene is described in the song in Mohanam .
This is followed by a secondary folk theme on the marriage of the gypsy woman
Bhavapriya -RRB- is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 It is the 44th Melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 It is called Bhavani in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
It is the 2nd ragam in the 8th chakra Vasu .
 The mnemonic name is the 8th chakra Vasu .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ra gi mi pa dha ni .
 The mnemonic phrase structure is as follows : .
As it is a melakarta ragam , by definition it is a sampoorna ragam .
It is the prati madhyamam equivalent of Hanumatodi , which is the 8th melakarta .
Bhavapriya has a minor janya ragam associated with it .
See List of Janya ragams for full list of janya ragams associated with Bhavapriya and other melakarta ragams .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Bhavapriyas notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields two other minor melakarta ragams , namely , Vagadheeswari and Naganandini .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Naganandini
Kaviyoor C. K. Revamma , was a popular Carnatic vocalist .
 Revamma , who started learning Carnatic music at the age of eight , had her initiation into the career of a musician at Aruvipuram at the age of 16 .
After securing the first rank in BA and MA degree examinations , she received her .
PhD in music from Kerala University .
Revamma was the first to get PhD in music from .
Kerala University .
Later , she lectured at the Women 's College in Thiruvananthapuram , where .
she became the head of the department of Music .
Revamma also served as principal .
of the Thrissur Government College and retired as deputy director , Collegiate Education .
Revamma sang in many films , including Jeevitha Nouka , Navalokam , Neelakuyil , .
Sasidharan , Ponkathir and Chechy .
 Ponkathir first film was Sasidharan .
Revamma , P.Leela and Jikky were known as the singing trio of Malayalam films of yesteryears .
 Revamma lent her voice for songs in about 20 Malayalam films in 1950s , including such musical hits as Jeevitha Nouka , Navalokam , Neelakuyil , Sasidharan , Ponkathir and Chechy .
 Her duet with A M. Rajah mesmerised listeners with classic numbers like Jeevitha Nouka , Navalokam , Neelakuyil en chandrane , njaan .
nin chandrika and Anputhan ponnambalthil from the movie Avan Marannu .
Revamma later .
A holder of Ganabhushanam from the Thiruvananthapuram Music College , she also .
served as a member of the Board of Studies of Kerala , Calicut and MG universities .
She taught at different colleges of the state .
She conducted her postdoctoral studies in ethno-musicology at .
UCLA with a Fulbright scholarship .
Revamma also served as a visiting professor at various universities in
Swathi Sangeethotsavam is a week-long festival of music celebrating the compositions of Maharaja Swathi Thirunal .
The festival is held from 6 to 12 January every year at the courtyard of Kuthira Malika , Trivandrum .
 It pays homage to Swati Tirunal by devoting the entire festival to Swathi Sangeethotsavam compositions .
The concerts are not ticketed .
The festival is conducted by H.H. Rama Varma Maharaja of Travancore Trust under the helm of Prince Rama Varma .
The Government of Kerala used to conduct the festival in Kuthiramalika in memory of Swathi Thirunal .
 In the late 90s they decided to hold The Government of Kerala in different places all over Kerala .
 So they discontinued the festival at Kuthiramalika .
In 2010 , H.H. Rama Varma Maharaja took initiative to organize and continue the annual festival under the Travancore Trust
Kanaka Dasaru was a poet , philosopher , musician and composer from modern Karnataka .
 He is known for He Kirtanes and Ugabhoga compositions in the Kannada language for Carnatic music .
 Like some other Dasas , some other Dasas often used colloquial language for some other Dasas compositions .
 some other Dasas was a disciple of Vyasathirtha and a follower of Dwaita philosophy propounded by Madhvacharya .
 Thimmappa Nayaka was Thimmappa Nayaka original name and Thimmappa Nayaka belonged to chieftain / family of Kaginele , now a village in Haveri district .
 Thimmappa Nayaka was born to the couple Biregowda and Bachchamma at Baada village .
 Kanaka Nayaka being of the warrior community Thimmappa Nayaka defeat in the field of battle , directed Thimmappa Nayaka to the path of devotion .
 Thimmappa Nayaka came to be called Kanaka Nayaka as Thimmappa Nayaka founded many treasure-trove of gold during Thimmappa Nayaka child hood and never used for self .
Kanaka Dasa was well educated and capable of analyzing the society microscopically .
 Based on one of his compositions it is interpreted that after Thimmappa Nayaka severely got injured in a war and was miraculously saved , Thimmappa Nayaka gave up Thimmappa Nayaka profession as a warrior and devoted Thimmappa Nayaka life to composing music and literature with philosophy explained in common mans language .
 It appears that Thimmappa Nayaka started traveling to places a lot to gain more knowledge .
 However Thimmappa Nayaka had maintained a balanced view about all faiths .
 At a young age Thimmappa Nayaka authored poetries Narasimha stotra , Ramadhyana Mantra , and Mohanatarangini .
 Thimmappa Nayaka writing started showing Thimmappa Nayaka innovativeness in using day to day activities of common man .
 For e.g. Ramadhyana Charite is a poetic expression of conflicts between rich and poor classes where e.g. Ramadhyana Charite uses ragi and rice to synonymously to represent poor and rich .
 e.g. Ramadhyana Charite joined Haridasa movement and became a follower of Vyasaraja who named e.g. Ramadhyana Charite as the movie Bhakta Kanakadasa .
 e.g. Ramadhyana Charite poems and krithi deal with many aspects of life and expose the futility of external rituals .
 Ragi stress the need for cultivation of moral values in life .
Similar to Purandara Daasa , Kanaka Daasaru 's compositions addressed social issues in addition to devotional aspect .
Kanaka Daasa was very aggressive and straight forward in criticizing evils of society such as superiority claims using caste system .
 Purandara Daasa poem Kula Kula Kula vendu hodedhada dhiri asks humans not to segregate themselves from one another , because every human is born the same way , everyone eats the same food and drinks the same water , hence none is superior or inferior to one another .
 The deity Purandara Daasa worshiped was Adhikeshava of Kaginele , now a village , presently in Haveri district of modern Karnataka .
 Kaginele , now a village , now a village , was a prosperous place and trading center in the Middle Ages .
 Out of the many of Adhikeshava of Kaginele compositions , about 240 are fully accountable today .
 All his modern Karnataka Music compositions end with mudra Kaginele Adhikeshava .
In addition to being a poet he worked as a social reformer by down playing dogmatic communities that were suppressing the disadvantaged communities .
 the movie Bhakta Kanakadasa made extreme effort in reforming the disadvantaged communities by convincing them to give-up their age old obsolete social practices and adapt to the changing world .
 the movie Bhakta Kanakadasa effectively used music to convey the movie Bhakta Kanakadasa philosophy .
 the movie Bhakta Kanakadasa lived at Tirupathi in the movie Bhakta Kanakadasa last days .
 the movie Bhakta Kanakadasa is one of the greatest musician , composer , poet , social reformer , philosopher and saints that India has ever seen .
 the movie Bhakta Kanakadasa wrote about two hundred forty modern Karnataka Music compositions besides five major works .
 the movie Bhakta Kanakadasa compositions are published in many languages .
For example about 100 songs in Kannada .
and 60 songs in English are published in popular books .
 the movie Bhakta Kanakadasa writings were unique in style .
In Ramadhanyacharitre , an allegory on the conflict between the socially strong and weak castes and classes , presented as an argument between two foodgrains , rice and ragi , is a most creative literary piece with a powerful social message , In the work , rice represents the socially powerful and ragi represents the working people .
 The two grains come before e.g. Ramadhyana Charite to argue their case and establish their superiority .
 In the end e.g. Ramadhyana Charite sends both of them to prison for six months .
At the end of the period , rice has turned rotten while the hardy ragi survives , earning Ramas blessings .
This shows the intelligence of Kanaka Daasa in trying to reform the society .
He was blunt in criticizing those who opposed the good practices .
In one his compositions he says , Eternal hell is for those who criticize noble men , for those who condemn teachings of jagadguru Madhvacharya .
Kanakadasa rationalized bhakti by giving worldly similes .
His writing has intimate touch that identifies the reader with the poet himself .
His two famous compositions in translation are given below .
One condemns caste system in a refined poetic way and the other wonders , at the colorful and baffling creation of God Almighty in childlike wonder .
 God Almighty in childlike wonder Nalacharite is based on the famous love-story of Nala who is in love with Damayanti and the hapless Damayanti , which appears in Mahabarata .
 Though a great devotee of Lord his devotee Krishna , the movie Bhakta Kanakadasa gives a great devotee of Lord Krishna own interpretation .
 Nala who is in love with the hapless Damayanti , exercises restraint svayamvara ceremony to win over the hapless Damayanti by allowing Indra and other gods a chance to win over the hapless Damayanti .
 When Nala who is in love with Damayanti loses everything in a dice-game and gets exiled to the forest , stubbornly followed by the hapless Damayanti , Nala who is in love with Damayanti deserts her in sleep , hoping that she may go back to her parents and have a better life .
 Nala who is in love with Damayanti later drives king Rituparna to the second svayamvara of the hapless Damayanti , to see Nala who is in love with Damayanti wife married to a suitable person and be happy !
Lord Krishna appears only once casually to rescue the caravan in which the hapless Damayanti was traveling and was attacked by wild elephants .
Nrisimhastava is a work dealing with glory of god Narasimha .
Kanakadasas Ramadhanyacharite has quite an unconventional theme .
It is about a battle of words between ragi and rice , each claiming superiority .
 Ragi go to lord Rama for justice .
 With the help of the sages , e.g. Ramadhyana Charite proves the superiority of ragi over rice .
 Ragi becomes blessed by absorbing the qualities of Raghava , another epithet of e.g. Ramadhyana Charite .
It is interpreted as poverty and humility being upheld by the poet above material wealth .
Even today ragi is food of the poor which has high nutrition value compared to rice .
 Ragi is a good source of nutrition for people with diabetes for Even today low sugar content and nutrition value .
 Mohanatarangini , although a kavya written with all conventional eighteen descriptions , deals with eroticism .
Pleasure-based eroticism of Shri Krishna with the consorts .
The eroticism between Aniruddha and Usha form the main theme .
 The eroticism between Aniruddha and Usha excels in depicting contemporary life .
 The description of Shri Krishnas Dwaravati is very similar to that of Vijayanagara , under his devotee Krishna as noticed by foreign travelers .
 The market place with colorful stalls with various commodities , well demarketed lanes brimming with craftsmen , clients and merchants , royal garden parties and glory of the palace find their place in Mohanatarangini .
It echoes the contemporary Portuguese travelers accounts .
A drinking bout of men and women of working class is very picturesque .
 The reader feels as if the movie Bhakta Kanakadasa is providing a commentary of a live event .
It is for such unconventional and down-to-earth descriptions as also for social awareness that the great poet-saint has become immortal .
The following is the translation of Nee Mayeyolago : .
There is a traditional folklore behind this popular quotation .
 Kanakadasas Master Vyasatirtha once poses a question to Kanakadasas Master Vyasatirtha , that who among the scholars present in the convention could attain salvation .
 When pointed at each scholar , the movie Bhakta Kanakadasa firmly answers in the negative .
He answers in the negative even when asked about the chances of his own master .
 Scholars in the convention get seriously agitated by this episode and Scholars in the convention feel that the movie Bhakta Kanakadasa must be very inconsiderate to deny the salvation to even the movie Bhakta Kanakadasa own master let alone the remaining scholars .
 But asked about the movie Bhakta Kanakadasa own chances the movie Bhakta Kanakadasa says in the affirmative by saying naanu hoodre hoodeenu adding to the fury of the clueless scholars .
 the movie Bhakta Kanakadasa master who could understand the concealed wisdom behind Kanakadasa ` s affirmation asks him to elaborate his thoughts .
 the movie Bhakta Kanakadasa had intelligently expressed a philosophical idea simultaneously exhibiting the movie Bhakta Kanakadasa literary skills in Kannada .
 the movie Bhakta Kanakadasa had made a Pun giving different literal and philosophical meanings .
 Though a Pun seemed on the surface that the movie Bhakta Kanakadasa is claiming that the movie Bhakta Kanakadasa alone may attain salvation , the movie Bhakta Kanakadasa had in fact put forth a thoughtful message that no matter what is ones scholarly prowess , one can not achieve anything until the ego is eliminated .
 the movie Bhakta Kanakadasa has special association with Udupi and as the movie Bhakta Kanakadasa was the follower of Vyasaraya Swamiji .
 On the sayings of Vyasaraya Swamiji of Vyasaraja Math Vyasaraya Swamiji of Vyasaraja Math had come to Udupi .
But it was time when the discrimination on the basis was at its peak .
 The Brahmin fundamentals did not let Vyasaraya Swamiji of Vyasaraja Math to enter the temple as Vyasaraya Swamiji of Vyasaraja Math was from a lower cadre of the society .
 Vyasaraya Swamiji of Vyasaraja Math stood outside and prayed to Lord Krishna by singing songs of praising Lord Krishna .
 Owing to the call of Vyasaraya Swamiji of Vyasaraja Math devotee Krishna turned to West and gave darshan to Shri Kanaka through a window .
 Today that window stands as a tribute to the movie Bhakta Kanakadasa .
 Almost all devotees who visit Udupi Krishna temple try to have a peep at the idol through the small window wishing to relive the ecstasy , Shri Kanaka had at the divine ` darshan ' .
 Udupi Krishna temple is also a memorial to the movie Bhakta Kanakadasa and a testimony to the eclectic Hindu belief that devotion , poetry and sainthood are above caste and creed and certainty above orthodoxy .
 Udupi Krishna temple is said that the movie Bhakta Kanakadasa lived in a hut in this place in front of the `` gopura '' .
 Later , a small shrine was built in the movie Bhakta Kanakadasa memory and it came to be known as `` Kanakana Gudi '' or `` Kanakana Mandira '' .
 Although many saints such as Purandaradasa and Vijayadasa visited Udupi and were devotees of Lord his devotee Krishna , Udupi is Kanakadasas association to Lord his devotee Krishna , which is more strong and deep .
 In fact , Udupi became famous because of the movie Bhakta Kanakadasa .
 In tribute to the great saint , the Government of modern Karnataka has declared November 20th as a state holiday .
All the government offices , schools and colleges around the state celebrate the birth anniversary of Shri Kanaka Dasa.Famous Singers Like Puttur Narasimha Nayak and Vidyabhushana were popularising the songs of kanakadasa in modern age .
Kannadas veteran actor Dr Rajkumar enacted as KankaDasa in the movie Bhakta Kanakadasa and the movie was a superhit .
 Film director and playwright Girish Karnad made a documentary film titled , Kanaka-Purandara on the two medieval Bhakti poets of modern Karnataka
Mayavaram Krishnamurthy Thyagaraja Bhagavathar , also called M.K.T. , was a Tamil film actor , producer and Carnatic music singer .
 He is considered to be one of the most successful Tamil film actors ever .
 Bhagavathar was born in the town of Mayiladuthurai in then Tanjore district of the Madras , Arthur Oswald James Hope Presidency , British India .
He started his career as a classical singer and stage artist in the late 1920s .
In 1934 , he made his debut in films with the movie Pavalakkodi which turned out to be a hit .
From 1934 to 1959 , Bhagavathar acted in 14 films of whom 6 were box-office hits .
 Bhagavathars 1944 film Haridas ran for three consecutive years at Broadway Theatre , Madras , Arthur Oswald James Hope and created the record for the longest continuous run at a single theatre .
Bhagavathar was arrested in 1944 as one of the main suspects in the Lakshmikanthan Murder Case and spent three years in prison before being released in 1947 after a re-trial found him innocent .
 Bhagavathars 1944 film Haridas career declined after Bhagavathars 1944 film Haridas arrest and though Bhagavathars 1944 film Haridas did continue to act in Tamil films after Tamil release from prison , none of them did well .
Bhagavathar died of diabetes at the age of 58 on 1 November 1959 .
Bhagavathar was acclaimed for his powerful , melodious voice and the ease with which he could sing high pitch notes .
 Critics and film historians acknowledge Bhagavathar as the first superstar of Tamil cinema .
Bhagavathar was a philanthropist and contributed for important social and religious causes .
 He was awarded a Diwan Bahadur title by the Governor of Madras for his contribution to the British war efforts during the Second World War but he turned a Diwan Bahadur title down .
 Bhagavathar was born Thyagaraja in Mayiladuthurai , Tanjore District on March 1 , 1901 .
He was the eldest son of Krishnamurthy achary a goldsmith .
 A few years after his birth , the family moved to Tiruchirappalli , where Thyagaraja , who was ten at the time was admitted in a local school .
 Right from his boyhood , Thyagaraja , who was ten at the time neglected his studies .
Instead , he desired to become a singer .
According to a popular anecdote , Thyagaraja once ran away from home after being reprimanded by his father for his decision to become a singer as singing was not considered to be an honourable profession in the conservative Indian society of the early 20th century .
Krishnamurthy Achari , eventually , found his son in the Telugu-speaking town of Cuddapah as he was singing to a large group of admiring listeners .
 Krishnamurthy achary relented and encouraged Krishnamurthy achary son to hone Krishnamurthy achary skills .
Soon , Thyagaraja began to sing Hindu religious songs or bhajans .
 F.G. Natesa Iyer , a railway officer with South Indian Railways , Trichy and the founder of an amateur theater group , Rasika Ranjana Sabha , is credited with introducing Thyagaraja , who was ten at the time to the stage .
 One story is that F.G. Natesa Iyer heard Thyagaja singing at a bhajan .
 Impressed with F.G. Natesa Iyer talent , F.G. Natesa Iyer offered F.G. Natesa Iyer the role of Lohitadasa in F.G. Natesa Iyer play Harischandra ; with the permission of Thyagarajas father .
 Thyagaraja , who was ten at the time , who was ten at the time , agreed , and the play was a success .
 Thyagaraja , who was ten at the time also started getting trained under the guidance of theater veterans at that time in Trichy .
 However , Thyagaraja , who was ten at the time concentrated more on singing than acting and took a six-year training in Carnatic music from Madurai Ponnu Iyengar , an acclaimed violinist .
 In 1934 , businessmen Lakshmana Chettiar and Rm Alagappa Chettiar and film director K. Subramaniam happened to watch a Hindu mythological play called Pavalakkodi in which Bhagavathar played the lead role of Arjuna .
 Thoroughly impressed with the performance , Rm Alagappa Chettiar planned to produce a movie based on the same story with Bhagavathar playing the lead role .
The film was shot in Adyar and was a success .
 It helped launch Bhagavathars 1944 film Haridas career in films .
 Bhagavathars Second film Naveena Sarangadhara was again directed by K. Subramaniam and was based on a play called second film Naveena Sarangadhara .
 Bagavathars next film was second film Naveena Sarangadhara first own production film under the banner Trichy Thyagaraja Films , Sathyaseelan .
The film had the novel feature of two Bagavathars appearing on the same frame , though it was not strictly a film with Bagavathar playing a double role .
 Bagavathar , apart from playing Sathyaseelan , also briefly appears as a court singer himself in the film .
In 1937 , Bhagavathar was cast in role of Bilwamangal in the film Chintamani directed by Y. V. Rao .
 Chintamani was a record-breaker and became the first Tamil film to run continuously for a year .
Bhagavathars songs in the movie were especially popular .
 The Tamil writer Kalki Krishnamurthy wrote that the film has made such an impact on the viewers that the housewife would sing the song Mayaprapanchattil from the movie while preparing coffee in the morning and her husband would sing Rathey unakku kobam in order to please his sweetheart .
However , the songs that were featured in the gramophone records produced by Saraswathi Stores were not sung by Bhagavathar as he did not have any business understanding with the company .
 With the profits obtained from the movie , the owners of Rayal Talkies constructed a theatre in Madurai Ponnu Iyengar and named it Chintamani .
The very same year , Bhagavathar was offered the title role in the film Ambikapathy made by the American film director Ellis R. Dungan .
 The film was Bhagavathars 1944 film Haridas Second consecutive hit in the year and broke records set by Chintamani .
 Dungan was , however , heavily criticized by the conservative Hindu society for introducing controversially intimate scenes between Bhagavathar and the heroine Santhanalakshmi .
Bhagavathar played the role of Saivite saint Thiruneelakanta Nayanar in the 1939 movie Thiruneelakantar .
Most of M.K.T.s songs were devotional with a South Indian classical base .
 Along with lyricist Papanasam Sivan , M.K.T. composed many songs , including Unai Alaal , Neelakanta , Amba Manam Kanindhu , Soppana Vazhvil Makizhndu , Maraivaai Maraitha Odu , Gyaana Kann , Sathva Guna Bodhan , Rajan Maharajan , Krishna Mukunda Murari , Naatiya Kalaiye , Radhe Unaku Kobam Aagadadi , Vasantha Ruthu , and many others .
 M.K.T. made M.K.T. debut in the 1934 film Pavalakodi ; in all , M.K.T. appeared in 14 movies before M.K.T. died .
 Most of M.K.T. films were Most of his films .
 Thiruneelakandar , Ambikapathi , Chintamani were among the first highly successful Tamil films .
 1944 film Haridas , released in 1944 , ran continuously for three years at the Chennai Broadway Theatre .
 In 1944 , M.K.T. , actor N. S. Krishnan , and Coimbatore - based movie studio owner Sriramlu Naidu were charged in the murder of Lakshmikanthan ; M.K.T. was acquitted and released in April 1947 .
 Prior to M.K.T. arrest , M.K.T. was signed up to act in 12 more films , but M.K.T. lost interest and the few movies M.K.T. did make after M.K.T. release were unsuccessful .
 Nevertheless , M.K.T. still drew huge crowds at M.K.T. concerts .
 M.K.T. had lost almost all M.K.T. wealth in M.K.T. case defense .
 Followers of the Dravidian movement , such as C. N. Annadurai political party and Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu -RRB- , tried to entice Dravidian to their fold , but because of Dravidian convictions , M.K.T. remained apolitical and a staunch bhakta until Dravidian death .
 It is believed that Dravidian absence from the film industry provided a window for the Dravidian atheist movement to move in and establish themselves in the Tamil film industry .
 During the Second World War , at the request of the Governor of Madras , Arthur Oswald James Hope , Arthur Oswald James Hope , Bhagavathar organised concerts and plays to raise money for the British war effort .
The Governor recognized his contributions by offering him a Diwan Bahadur title which Bhagavathar declined
Sopana Sangeetham is a form of Indian classical music that developed in the temples of Kerala in south India in the wake of the increasing popularity of Jayadeva s Gita Govinda or Ashtapadis .
The name derives from two Malayalam or Sanskrit words : Sopanam and Sangeetham .
The word Sopanam refers to the sacred steps of main shrine of a temple and Sangeetham refers to music .
Sopana sangeetham , as the very name suggests , is sung by the side of the holy steps leading to the sanctum sanctorum of a shrine .
It is sung , typically employing plain notes , to the accompaniment of the small , hourglass-shaped ethnic drum called edakka or idakka , besides the chengila or the handy metallic gong to sound the beats .
 Sopanam is traditionally sung by men of the Pallavoor Kunhukutta Marar and Pothuval castes of Ambalavasi community , engaged to do Sopanam as their hereditary profession .
 Sopana sangeetham has Sopanam essential features born out of a happy blending of the Vedic , folk and tribal music of the region thats now called Kerala .
It has it set of distinct ragas like Puraneera , Indalam , Kanakurinhi , Sreekanti , Ghantaram and Samantamalahari , but has also a lot of ragas that are commonly used in the south Indian classical Carnatic music .
However , unlike in Carnatic music , Sopanam follows a more uncomplicated plain-note profile , and is canonically devoid of microtones .
 All the same , like in Carnatic , Carnatic has an introductory segment called alapanam , though Carnatic based on akaaram or the sole use of the sound Aaa .
 This is followed by the song , quite like the concept of Kriti in Carnatic music , though , again there are no flourishes like niraval or Kalpanaswaram .
Sopana sangeetham shares at least one similarity with the north Indian classical Hindustani music in the sense that both have ragas prescribed for rendition during particular time of the day .
 The structure of the Sopanam music is believed to reflect the experience of the devotee in scaling the heights of devotion .
 The structure of the Sopanam music has The structure of the Sopanam music beginnings through the practice of singing invocatory songs in front of the Kalam of Goddess Kali .
 The structure of the Sopanam music is later believed to have adopted for rendition near the temple sanctum .
 Like most traditional music forms , Sopanam too has Sopanam set of schools , each varying in subtleties .
 They include ones being sung at south Kerala temples like Pazhoor and Ramamangalam and the northern ones like Thirumandhamkunnu and Guruvayoor .
These temples have their own set of musicians hereditarily practising the art in their precincts .
 The late Njeralattu Rama Poduval of Thirumandhamkunnu bani , Janardhanan Nedungadi of Guruvayoor and Damodara Marar , a practitioner of the temple art called Mudiyettu , from Pazhoor have been some of the most authentic experts of Sopana sangeetham .
Late masters like Pallavoor Kunhukutta Marar used to present Sopana sangeetham to the accompaniment of instruments like harmonium .
Experts like Thrikkambaram Krishnankutty Marar and Ooramana Rajendra Marar have strived and succeeded in presenting it in the form of a solo concert .
Sopana sangeetham is traditionally taught by the family members to the next generation .
It is still the case , largely .
 However , these days there is a certified institute called Kshetra Kala Peetham in the temple town of Vaikom that is training students in Sopanam , besides other Kerala temple arts .
 The rendition style of Sopanam , though basically a temple art , also extends to providing audio accompaniment to traditional Kerala dance-dramas like Kathakali , Krishnanattam and Ashtapadiyattam besides as devotional music in the Kalam of Goddess Kali pattu and dramatic music in Mudiyettu
Neyyattinkara Vasudevan was an acclaimed Carnatic music vocalist from Kerala in south India .
 The Padmasree-winning Carnatic vocalist and disciple of Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer and Ramnad Krishnan , The Padmasree-winning Carnatic vocalist combined tradition and innovation in The Padmasree-winning Carnatic vocalist widely acclaimed career .
 Neyyattinkara Vasudevan born in a village near Neyyattinkara in southern Travancore , and did Neyyattinkara Vasudevan formal music studies from the Swati Tirunal Music College , Thiruvananthapuram , chiefly under Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer .
 Neyyattinkara Vasudevan also did advanced studies under Ramnad Krishnan .
 Neyyattinkara Vasudevan passed Ganabhushanam in 1960 and Sangeetha Vidwan in 1962 .
 Neyyattinkara Vasudevan worked as assistant professor at the RLV College of Music , Thripunithura , for nearly a decade before joining All India Radio as an A-grade staff vocalist in 1974 .
 Neyyattinkara Vasudevan retired in 2000 and was later ranked ' A Top ' , the highest honour given by AIR to classical musicians
Vadakkanchery Veeraraghava Ravi is an Indian classical music violinist .
 As an enterprising instrumentalist and violinist Vadakkanchery Veeraraghava Ravi has conducted concerts along with Vadakkanchery Veeraraghava Ravi brother V.V. Subrahmaniam and toured several nations including Malaysia , Indonesia , Singapore , Hong Kong , Japan , U.S.A. , Canada and England .
V. V. Ravi was born to Vadakkanchery Veeraraghava Iyer , a vocalist and violin vidwan .
 V. V. Ravi hails from a music family whose ancestry goes back to Sri Swathi Thirunal .
 V. V. Ravi grand father was a court musician of the Swathi Thirunal Sangeetha Sabha .
 V.V. Ravi was trained under V.V. Ravi father at the age of 9 and later V.V. Ravi got special training from renowned artistes like Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar , Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer and Puliyur Subramaniam Narayanaswamy .
As an instrumentalist , he performed with bygone legends like Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar , Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer , Madurai Shanmukhavadivu Subbulakshmi , Damal Krishnaswamy Pattammal , Kollengode Viswanatha Narayanaswamy , Manjapara Devesa Ramanathan , D. K. Jayaraman , Voleti Venkateswarulu , S. Kalyanaraman , Sandhyavandanam Srinivasa Rao and Madras Lalitangi Vasanthakumari .
V. V. Ravi joined All India Radio in 1982 as a member of the Vadya Vrinda group .
 V. V. Ravi has been presented with several honours and awards including , the Best Violin Artiste by AIR in 1973 , The best young violin artiste by Chennai Sangeetha Vidhvadh Sabha in 1976 and again as the best violin artiste in 1990 .
On the occasion of the 82nd birthday celebration of Dr. M. Balamuralikrishna on 29 July 2012 , some 82 eminent artistes and gurus of the Carnatic music world were honoured with Madhura Murali Puraskar award .
V.V. Ravi receives the award from Dr. Balamuralikrishna .
V. V. Ravi is married and has a son and a daughter .
 V. V. Ravi wife Visalam Ravi is a singer , and a leading multilingual dubbing artiste .
 His wife Visalam Ravi son V.R. Raghava Krishna is a young vocalist and has inherited a rich tradition of classical music from His son V.R. Raghava Krishna .
 His son V.R. Raghava Krishna daughter Harini Ravi is a playback singer , who sang the popular song Kichu Kichu Thambulam in the Tamil Movie Mynaa
H Ramakrishnan was born on Christmas Day 1941 , in Trivandrum , Kerala , India to R Harihara Iyer and Vijayalakshmi .
 H Ramakrishnan is now the CEO of SS Music television channel .
Has over 40 years of experience as a journalist .
He has worked in State-run media Doordarshan , -RRB- , Press Information Bureau and Directorate of Advertising and Visual Publicity in various capacities .
The people of Tamil Nadu , India still remember him as a very famous newscaster , whose distinct voice would come out clearly .
Affected by polio at the age of two-and-a-half years , H Ramakrishnan had to battle out every step in life .
 Even when H Ramakrishnan had to attend school H Ramakrishnan was denied admission to the local school and had to be taken to a different school in a different town by H Ramakrishnan maternal grandfather .
 After H Ramakrishnan passed the UPSC exam when H Ramakrishnan went to join duty as either news reader , translator or reporter but H Ramakrishnan was not accepted for the post because of H Ramakrishnan handicap .
 Despite having a disability of 85 percent , H Ramakrishnan moved around by buses until he got a side car scooter .
Later on he used to drive an autorickshaw with a hand brake , specially fitted for him by Bajaj Auto Ltd. .
 When he was in service a senior official had mentioned the fact that he was physically disabled in Ramakrishnans confidential report but then H Ramakrishnan went to the then President V. V. Giri , who immediately passed an order that the fact that The people of Tamil Nadu , India are disabled must not be considered while evaluating The people of Tamil Nadu , India in The people of Tamil Nadu , India Confidential Reports .
He runs a charitable trust called Krupa to help specially abled persons to buy hearing aids , walking sticks , tricycles and calipers .
The first person to start piece to the camera on Tamil News , H Ramakrishnan has been a great source of inspiration for many .
He has wielded the microphone for many important assignments including the launch of rockets from Sriharikota and caught politicians and VIPs like Former Chief Minister M. Karunanidhi , Chief Minister J. Jayalalithaa , President Abdul Kalam for quotes .
For Doordarshan he has interviewed Industrialists N Mahalingan and M A M Ramaswamy , Musicians like Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer , D. K Pattammal , Actors Gemini Ganesan , Thengai Srinivasan , Prem Nazir , Balachandra Menon , Thikkurisi Sukumaran Nair , Madhu , journalists Dinamalar Krishnamurthy , Tugluk Cho Ramaswamy and Shivandhi Aadhithan of the Dina Thanthi .
His love for reading the news began even while he was at school .
He wrote to Melville de Mellow the great commentator and newscaster , who asked him to complete college and then apply to read news at AIR .
 After a few years , he joined AIR and then later DDK and read news for over 25 years in both media .
He was one of the first news readers of Doordarshan Chennai and was perhaps the first differently abled person to rise up to the level of Senior Administrative Grade officer in the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting , Government of India .
For three years , he was also Public Relations Manager with Indian Bank and was instrumental in bringing out the in house magazine IndImage and also for conducting the Platinum jubilee of the bank .
 The bank is now celebrating Indian Bank 100th year .
Having been at the helm of affairs in the news room for over two decades , he has thorough knowledge of news writing , reporting , visual editing and manpower management .
 He has acted in a couple of Tamil News films including one by name Vaaname Ellai directed by K Balachander .
 The film was a super hit and H Ramakrishnans role as a disabled person who changes the mind of youngsters , who wanted to commit suicide had made a remarkable impact on the film viewing public .
 A musician , A musician has presented concerts at the prestigious Music Academy , Tyagaraja Aradhana in Thiruvaiyaru , All India Radio and other Sabhas .
 A percussionist , A percussionist learnt to play the Mridangam from Palani Subramania Pillai , and is presently learning from Karaikudi Mani .
 A percussionist plays the Kanjira and is an expert in Konnakkol . -RRB-

 In recognition of this talent , he has been awarded the Kalaimamani award by the Government of Tamil Nadu for his contributions to the art of Konnakkol .
 He is the secretary of a music Sabha called Sri Bhairavi Gana Sabha in Doordarshan Chennai .
 The sabha has been organising concerts of musicians like S. P. Balasubramaniam , O.S. Arun , Aruna Sayeeram and presented awards to Sabha secretaries , musicians and dancers .
 Having a law degree to S. P. Balasubramaniam credit and belonging to a family of judges , H Ramakrishnan practices as an advocate at the Madras High Court .
 S. P. Balasubramaniam has experience starting and running industries like mineral water plants and milk processing plants and offers consultancy services .
 A writer and an avid reader , A writer has written a couple of books on the Hindu religion .
 A writer has also contributed to the columns of The Hindu , Indian Express , Dinamani , Kalki , Tuglaq , ChennaiOnline.com .
 A writer is married to Vasanthaa and has four children
Nata is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is a janya ragam from the 36th melakarta scale Chalanata .
 Carnatic is a janya scale , as Carnatic does not have all the seven swaras in the descending scale .
 Carnatic is a combination of the sampurna raga scale Chalanata and the pentatonic scale Gambhiranata .
It is an auspicious raga , which is mostly sung in the early part of the concert .
 Nata is an asymmetric ragam that does not contain rishabham and dhaivatam in the descending scale .
It is an sampurna-audava ragam .
Its structure is as follows : .
 Its structure is a vivadi raga .
The notes used in this scale are shadjam , shatsruthi rishabham , antara gandharam , shuddha madhyamam , panchamam , shatsruthi dhaivatam and kakali nishadham in ascending scale , with dhaivatam and rishabham skipped in descending scale .
 For the details of the notations and terms , see swaras in Carnatic music .
 There are many compositions set to Nata ragam .
Many compositions in praise of Lord Ganesha are set to this raga .
Here are some popular kritis composed in this ragam .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam
Kapi is a popular raga in Carnatic music , the classical music of South India .
 Kapi is a janya ragam with a meandering vakra scale .
It is considered to be derived from the Kharaharapriya ragam .
 Typically performed at slow and medium speeds , the Kharaharapriya ragam is capable of inducing moods of devotion , pathos and sadness in the listeners .
 Kapi is different from the Hindustani raag and thaat Kafi .
 Kapi is an audava-vakra sampoorna ragam with an ascending pentatonic scale and a descending scale with seven notes , but not in a descending order .
Use of Kakali Nishadam and Anthara Gandharam make it a Bhashanga Raagam .
 The presence of different nishada swaras lends a distinctive quality to Kapi , along with the fact that it uses a set of vakra swaras .
There is also a mild presence of shuddha daivatham that renders an invaluable feeling of devotion to the raagam .
 This , and the presence of Anthara Gandharam makes This difficult to pinpoint the exact nature of the avarohana of the raagam
Hamsadhvani also spelled as Hansadhwani , is a raga in Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is an audava ragam .
 Carnatic is a janya raga , as Carnatic does not have all the seven swaras .
 Hamsadhvani is also extensively used in Hindustani music and said to be borrowed into it from Carnatic music .
 It was created by the Carnatic composer Ramaswami Dikshitar and brought into Hindustani music by Ustad Aman Ali Khan of the Bhendibazaar gharana .
 Hamsadhvani does not contain madhyamam or dhaivatam .
It is a pentatonic scale .
Its structure is as follows : .
The notes used in this scale are shadjam , chatushruti rishabham , antara gandharam , panchamam and kakali nishadam .
 Hamsadhvani may be considered to be a janya ragam of Shankarabharanam , the 29th Melakarta ragam , although it can also be considered to be derived from other melakarta ragams , Sarasangi , Kalyani or Latangi , by dropping both madhyamam and dhaivatam .
 It is an elusive question as to whether Hamsadhvani is a janya of this or that melakarta .
In Hindustani music it is associated with Bilaval thaat .
 Hamsadhvani ragam lends itself for elaboration and exploration and has many compositions in both classical music and film music .
It is usually sung at the beginning of a performance .
There are many kritis in praise of Lord Ganesha set in this musical scale .
 Hamsadhvani notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields another pentatonic ragam , Nagasvaravali .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 For more details and illustration of this concept refer Graha bhedam on Hamsadhvani .
Bor , Joep .
Rao , Suvarnalata ; der Meer , Wim van ; Harvey , Jane The Raga Guide : A Survey of 74 Hindustani Ragas .
Zenith Media , London : 1999
S. Ramanathan was a Carnatic music singer and musicologist .
 S. Ramanathan learned music from Tiger Varadachariar , Sabesa Iyer , Ponniah Pillai , and Sathur Krishna Iyengar .
 S. Ramanathan received a Ph.D. .
 in ethnomusicology from Wesleyan University , Middletown , Connecticut , where S. Ramanathan also taught .
He had disciples who have carved names for themselves such as P.UnniKrishnan , S. Sowmya , Savithri Sathyamurthy , Seetha Narayanan , Vasumathi Nagarajan , Sukanya Raghunathan , Geetha Bennett , Vidya Hariharan , Thiagarajan/Raju , Banumathy Raghuraman , Latha Radhakrishnan , Padma Gadiyar , Vanathy Raghuraman .
He also has composed many varnams and kritis , which have been popularized by his disciples.He also won the Sangeetha kalanidhi award.The American ethnomusicologist David Nelson studied with him .
 In 1981 S. Ramanathan released an album of Carnatic music , Navagraha Krtis , Caturdasa Ragamalika and Sri Guruna : By Muttuswami Diksitar , on Folkways Records
 the well known Kambhoji or Raga Kamboji being a jana raga is a sublime classical raga or musical mode , which is very popular in Indian musical landscape the well known Kambhoji is known as Thakkesi pann in ancient Tamil music which is the oldest reference to this musical mode .
There are numerous references to Raga or Ragini called Kambhoji in ancient Indian musical traditions .
 Naradas Sangita Makarand broadly classifies the Male Ragas into eight subsets and includes three raginis in each subset .
 In this scheme of classification , Narda accepts raga Kambhoji as a mode of Shri raga , the first subset of Narda scheme of classification .
Ramaditya , the author of Swara-Mela Kalanidhi has accepted 20 melas and has accommodated 64 Jana-ragas among the melas .
 In this scheme of classification , the twentieth mela is Kambhoji under which come the Jana-ragas like the well known Kambhoji .
 Ragamala of Pundrikavitthala classifies the Male Ragas into six divisions with each group having several raginis and ragas imagined to be their spouses and sons .
 Thus the ragini the well known Kambhoji is assumed to be one among the several spouses of raga Nat-Narayana .
Chatravarishach.chhat-Raga Nirupanam authored by Narada lists ten main ragas and accepts the Kambhoji as the spouse of seventh raga called Raga Nata-Narayana .
 Chaturdandi-Prakashhika authored by Vyankatmakhi assumes 19 melas and lists the Raga Kamboji being a jana raga , Kedar-gaula and Narayan-gaula as the Jana ragas under mela Kambhoji .
The Anupa-Sangit-Ratanakar by Sangit Acharya Bhava-Bhata lists 20 ragas as being fundamental ragas .
The third raga of his scheme , called Kedar Raga , includes more than a dozen of raginis -- the seventh being the well known Kambhoji .
Raja Tulaji , the ruler of Tanjore has written a well known book on musicology known as Sangit-Saramritoddhar .
 Raja Tulaji assumes 21 Janakmelas and includes the well known Kambhoji and Yadukul-Kambhoji as the Jana ragas under the eighth Janaka-mela of Raja Tulaji , the ruler of Tanjore scheme of classification .
Most of the references above are comparatively recent but this should not be taken to mean that raga Kambhoji is also of recent origin .
Reference to this raga as Thakkesi is in the ancient Tamil epic Cilappatikaram which is referred by the sanskrit name kamboji .
Brihaddesi authored by Sangit Acharya Matanga Muni is the most important work between Natyashastra and Sangita Makarand .
 Sage Matanga probably hailed from south north-west India .
 This Brihaddesi work is dated between 5th and 7th century AD but unfortunately This Brihaddesi work is incomplete .
 Portions of This Brihaddesi work appear to have lost down the road .
Matangas Brihaddeshi is the first major and available text to describe the Ragas as we understand them today .
Sangit Acharya Matanga informs us that a classical melody can not be composed of four notes or less .
 But the melodies used by the tribes such as the Sabara , Pulinda , ancient tribal name Kamboja , Vanga , Kirata , Vahlika , Andhra , Dravida and the Vanachra clans or tribes are an exception which contain four svaras or notes .
 This evidence by Sangit Acharya Matanga indisputably attests the existence of Kamboji Raga in This evidence by Sangit Acharya Matanga basic form before 5th/6th century AD .
Now , raga Kambhoji is stated to be deshi raga and a jana raga .
 According to ancient references , the name of Deshi ragas originated from the name of the countries or deshas .
The author of Sangit-Ratnavali also attests that : .
Encyclopaedia Britannica also observes : The author of the Brihaddeshi claims to be the first to discuss the term raga in any detail .
 The ragas of this period seem to have been named after the different peoples living in various parts of the country , suggesting that Deshi origin might lie in folk music .
 cf : One of Sage Matangas major contributions to musicology is The author of the Brihaddeshi scholarly focus on the regional element in music .
 Deshi has to be understood in contrast to Margi music , which is sacred and pan-Indian in pan-Indian scope .
 According to Sangit Acharya Matanga Muni , Deshi is that Deshi is sung voluntarily and with delight and pleasure by women , children , cowherds and kings in Deshi respective regions .
Deshi music captured the flavour of a range of human emotions from different regions .
 Narada , the author of Sangit Makarand , the author of Sangit Makarand also hints on the uniqueness of the raga-nomenclaturing .
On close study of it , one learns of three distinct stages on the nomenclaturing of the Indian ragas .
Sangit-Makrand also classifies the ragas according to their gender i.e. Male Ragas , Female Ragas and Neuter Ragas .
 According to Narada , the author of Sangit Makarand , the Male Ragas depict emotions of Raudra , Veera and Bhayanaka ; the Female Ragas represent sentiments of Shringara , Hasya and Karuna ; while the Neuter Ragas represent emotions of Vibhatsa , Adbhuta and Shanta .
Each raga is principally dominated by one of these nine rasas or sentiments , although the performer can also bring out other emotions in a less prominent way .
The more closely the notes of a raga conform to the expression of one single idea or emotion , the more overwhelming the effect of the raga .
 Since the Raga Kambhoji has been classified as Female Raga , this Raga is particularly suitable in conveying the sentiments of Shringara , Hasya and Karuna .
From the foregoing discussion we clearly notice that raga or ragini Kambhoji which is now extremely popular in southern India was connected , in its original or basic form , with Kamboja or Kambhoja land .
 It had originated in the ancient ancient tribal name Kamboja jana or janapada located in north-west India .
It is very difficult to speak with confidence about the period when this basic Kambhoji tune had first entered Indian mainland .
 It is highly probable , though , that when the ancient tribal name Kamboja , Saka , Yavana , Pahlava and Rishika tribes had entered Indian mainland during 2nd/1st century BCE and spread into Sindhu , Raga Sauvira , Rajasthan , the Punjab , Gujarat and southern north-west India , the Kambojas might have carried the basic Kamboji tune into these regions .
Or alternatively , the wandering Indian musicians & minstrels travelling through various regions of the north-west might have heard of the Kambhoji , adopted its basic tune and modified & evolved it further .
Thus , we see that there are various forms of this ancient raga prevalent in the north , western and southern India .
 the well known Kambhoji is a sort of parent scale much like Bilawal or Kalyan .
 According to some writers , the well known Kambhoji is one of the earliest known modes dating back to the Samaveda and the well known Kambhoji original name was Kamboja described by Sangit Acharya Matanga Muni .
 Later authors refer to the well known Kambhoji variously as the well known Kambhoji , Kambodi , Kambhodi , Kambodhi , Khambodi , Kamodi , Kamoda , Khambaj etc. etc. .
 In the south it is now variously called Kambhodi , Khambhodi , the well known Kambhoji , Khambhoji , Kambhojika etc. while in the north it is also known as Raga Kamboji being a jana raga , Khambaj or Khamaj .
 Linguistically , the names Kambodi , Khambodi and Khambaj can all be derived from Raga Kamboji being a jana raga , ancient tribal name Kamboja or Kambhojika .
One critic remarks cryptically that raga Khamaj not only turns flower red with passion , but also makes the antelopes musty .
 Khamaj is still a popular and sensual raga , which is performed mainly in thumri and other genres , including hori-dhamar .

 Other related raga is this name Khambavati , said to be connected with the port of Kambavati , southern Gujarat .
 Place name Cambay or Kambati , Khambati or Kambavati is said to be connected with ancient Kambojas .
 There are numerous scholars who have connected syllable Kambi or Kambati of Kambhavati with the Kambojas of north-west .
There was place name called Kambhavati in Maharashtra also .
 Obviously , this name Khambavati is also a modified form of ancient tribal name ancient tribal name Kamboja and may have been connected with the ancient Kambojas .
Raga Khambavati is commonly portrayed as a lady worshipping the four-headed Brahma by performing an ancient fire ritual .
 In the Punjab and northern north-west India , the variant of the well known Kambhoji is also called Kamodi or Kamoda .
The raga is also referenced as such in Sri Guru Granth Sahib , the Shabad Guru of the Sikhs .
 Besides the above version of the well known Kambhoji , the other forms like Hari-Kamboji , Yadukula-Kamboji , Dombuli-Kamboji , Gopi-Kamboji and Senchu or Chencho-Kamboji , Erugala-Kambhoji , Siva Kamboji etc. are also in currency .
 Sanskrit ancient tribal name Kamboja vs Cambodia and the raga Kambhoji .
 Sanskrit is often stated by some writers that ancient Sanskrit name Kamboja refers to Cambodia .
This is not true .
 The earliest attestation of term Kambuja for Cambodia appears in the Baksei Chamkron Inscriptions of Cambodia date 869 AD .
 But the ancient tribal name Kamboja country and people located in north-west India as referred to in ancient Sanskrit texts go back to remote antiquity .
 Based on the similar misconception , some people also attribute the origin of raga Kamboji to Cambodia .
This again is wrong .
Raga Kamboji being a jana raga is now believed by numerous scholars to have originated during the jana stage which stage had preceded the janapada stage in Indian history .
Thus basic tune of raga Kambhoji must have originated in the epic stage which had preceded the Buddhist period .
 On the contrary , the Indian colonisation of term Kambuja for Cambodia had occurred not earlier than 5th century ADE .
 Hence it is wrong to assume that raga Kambhoji had originated in Kambuja or Cambodia and the well known Kambhoji got the well known Kambhoji name from that country .
 Scholars like O. P. Ganguli and Dr J. L. Kamboj believe that the the well known Kambhoji raga or ragini had originated in the jana rather than the janapada stage .
 This implies that the basic tune of the well known Kambhoji must have evolved during epic or even in pre-epic times .
 Hence This origin must be attributed to the ancient ancient tribal name Kamboja jana and janapada known to have been located in north-east Afghanistan .
 Dr V. V. Srivatsa wrote the following in Dr V. V. Srivatsa notes on Raga Surati : .
 But a little later , Dr V. V. Srivatsa wrote the following in Dr V. V. Srivatsa notes on Raga Yadukula-Kambhoji : .
It needs to be remembered here that the Puranic list of 56 countries of the Bhuvana-kosha spanned seven divisions of ancient Indian subcontinent .
The Uttarapatha was one of these seven divisions and had extended from Pehova in Haryana to as far as deep into the Central Asia .
 The Kamboja was one of the Bhuvana-kosha countries and ancient tribal name Kamboja adjoined the Daradas , Chinas , Tusharas , Pahlavas , Shakas etc. which were all included in the Uttarapatha division .
 This shows that Kambhoji of Dr V. V. Srivatsa refers to the Kamboja of The Uttarapatha located between river Kabol and the Hindukush mountain ranges .
 This is therefore , fair that Dr Srivatsa had soon corrected Dr V. V. Srivatsa mistake .
 Encyclopedia of Indian Culture observes : `` Raga Sauvira is believed to have emanated from Raga Sauvira , raga Andhari from Andhara , raga Gandhari from Gandhara , raga Kambhoji from Kambhoja , raga Sanidhavi foim Saindhava or the Sindhu or Indus region , raga Karnataki from Karnataka , raga Gaudi from Gauda , raga Khamhavati from Khambayat , raga Daksinatya from Deksina region ... ... etc. '' .
 Shri Chandrasekarendra Saraswati , Paramacharya of Kanchi has given Shri Chandrasekarendra Saraswati scholarly views on the origin of raga Kambhoji .
 And Shri Chandrasekarendra Saraswati correctly connects the origin of raga Kambhoji with north-western Kamboja rather than with Cambodia .
 Another noted musicologist from Carnatica , Shri P. P. Narayanaswami , also rejects the Kambhoji connection with Cambodia .
 Rather Another likes to connect Carnatica with the Indian Kamboja located in north or north-west of north-west India .
 Another views on the precise location of ancient tribal name Kamboja however seem to be in little error .
According to Amir Khusrau Memorial Volume , in olden days the regions or Desh formed independent cultural entities .
 The Gandhara and ancient tribal name Kamboja lay beyond the western borders , Multan and Delhi in the west , Mithila and Gauda in the east , Ujjain and Malava on the road to south , Gurjar Desh by the sea and Simhala Desh and Karnataka in the south .
 In these various regions arose regional tunes the most prominent and enduring among ancient tribal name Kamboja were raga Gandhari , Raga Kamboji being a jana raga , Multani , Gauda , Malava Pancam , Gurjari etc. .

 Tune Ghara came from Ghore in the wake of Kamboji = Khammaj/Khamach ... This reference also relates the Kamboji to northwest Kambojas rather than Cambodia .
Uma Prasad Thapliyal writes : The Scythians contributed three melodies to Indian Raga System viz : Saka Raga , Saka Tilaka and Saka Mishrita .
Saka Raga was a melody known as Sadharana Giti .
 Saka Misrv and Raga Kamboji being a jana raga were allied with the Kukuva Raga indicating thereby the foreign antecedents of the latter .
 Raga Kamboji , of course , was contributed by the ancient tribal name Kamboja people .
 Raga Kamboji being a jana raga is mentioned along with the Saka-Misrita ... It is also important to note that the same author locates the ancient tribal name Kamboja and the Sakas in the north-west division .
 O. Gosvami comments : Kambhojas were a tribe of the Punjab who got assimilated in the Aryan stock and contributed the the well known Kambhoji melody which is still prevalent and has become popular in the form of Khambaj .
 The surname Kambhoja is still retained by some people of the Punjab .
 Front ranking Indian historian , Dr Romila Thapar , while writing on the Barbarians of north-west , also refers to the respective melodies or tunes of the Gandharas , ancient tribal name Kamboja and the the Sakas , etc. .
 Sheldon Pollock also observes that the musical compositions were produced in the ancient tribal name Kamboja , Saka and Nagna countries or ancient tribal name Kamboja various regions .
 Again , these ancient tribal name Kamboja , Sakas of Sheldon Pollocks reference belonged to north-west and not to south-east Asia .
 The Kambhoji is indeed a majestic raga -- majestic in the well known Kambhoji regal attire , the well known Kambhoji royal gait , sublime moods , enriching in charms , of heart-soothing melody and of sensuous glamors .
 the well known Kambhoji is considered a superb raga -- the glorious and splendrous , and is employed for conveying or expressing the Karuna Rasa , Haas Rasa and Shangaar Rasa .
 the well known Kambhoji is accepted by Sangeet Acharyas as a great gift from ancient Kambojas to the world of music .
 the well known Kambhoji is recommended to be best played at early parts of night or early morning hours .
Cf also : The correct time to play this raga is the first quarter of the night .
 The mood created evokes memories of joy , contentment , hope , and desire as expressed in the Siva-tattva-ratnakara : A lovely girl in the flower of youth , robed in yellow , Kambhojika of the beautiful hair , searching everywhere in the forest with Kambhojika of the beautiful hair maids , the thought of the Siva-tattva-ratnakara lover makes the Siva-tattva-ratnakara weep with tenderness !

CAC Newsletter Notes On Yadukulakambhoji by Dr. V V Srivatsa : .
An Introduction To Indian Classical Music - Ancient History :
A viruttam or virutham is a Hindu devotional verse sung in Carnatic music concerts .
Viruttams do not possess a set tala and are solely improvised using one or more ragams .
 It is one of many forms of manodharma in Carnatic music .
A viruttam usually precedes rendition of a song .
 In most cases , A viruttam is sung in the same ragam as the song that follows A viruttam .
Occasionally , viruttam of multiple verses are sung in different ragams , followed by a song in the same ragam as the last sung ragam of the viruttam .
The artist may also sing the same verse in different ragams in different concerts .
Virutham is not only used in concerts but also in traditional celebrations .
Viruthams in praise of Lord Ayyappa are famous in South India .
 Viruthams in praise of Lord Ayyappa are also sung in praise of Lord Muruga
Madurai Thirumalai Nambi Seshagopalan is a noted Carnatic singer , musician and composer .
As well as being a master of the veena and harmonium , he is an exponent of harikatha .
He was conferred the prestigious Sangita Kalanidhi title by Music Academy in 2006 .
T. N. Seshagopalan was born in Nagapattinam , Tamil Nadu .
 T. N. Seshagopalan first learnt under T. N. Seshagopalan mother , and later under tutelage of Ramanathapuram C. S. Sankarasivan .
 T. N. Seshagopalan holds a degree in science from Madras University and a degree in music from Madurai Kamaraj University where T. N. Seshagopalan later served as professor of music .
 T. N. Seshagopalan is proficient in rendering Harikatha and performs as per the guruparampara of Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavathar .
 T. N. Seshagopalan continues to increase T. N. Seshagopalan wide repertoire with compositions of T. N. Seshagopalan own .
 T. N. Seshagopalan is noted for T. N. Seshagopalan own elegant thillanas , bhajans , namavalis and abhangs .
 T. N. Seshagopalan is equally at home with North Indian ragas and has participated in several jugalbandhis .
 In 1984 T. N. Seshagopalan was invited to sing at the Adelaide International Festival in Australia .
 In 1987 T. N. Seshagopalan was Indias cultural ambassador to Russia .
 T. N. Seshagopalan has performed in countries like Singapore , Malaysia , Bahrain and Sri Lanka and has visited and performed in the United States of America numerous times .
 In 1983 T. N. Seshagopalan produced and played hero in a Tamil movie Thodi Raagam
Hailed as the New Queen of Indian Classical Violin and Violin Princess AATHIRA is an Internationally acclaimed Prodigy Violinist of the present generation from India .
 Hailing from a renowned family of musicians in Kerala , a renowned family of musicians in Kerala has an enviable musical lineage as the grand daughter of the illustrious Vidwan Shri.GopalaPillai , fabulous musician of yesteryears who belonged to the renowned Tanjore Tradition of Carnatic Music.Aathira is the proud recipient of many coveted recognitions including the prestigious Guinness World Record for a renowned family of musicians in Kerala unique 32 hour long Non-Stop Carnatic Violin Solo Concert .
 a renowned family of musicians in Kerala is among the youngest Cultural Ambassadors of India taking the rich Indian classical music tradition to the nooks and corners of the world through a renowned family of musicians in Kerala violin solo concerts and lec-dems .
 Violin Princess AATHIRA is the daughter of Sri .
K. C. Krishna Pillai and Smt .
S. Leela Kurup .
 Growing up within one of Keralas most acclaimed musical families , S. Leela Kurup . had S. Leela Kurup . intensive training under S. Leela Kurup . grandfather Sangitha Vidwan .
Sri Gopala Pillai at a tender age .
 Athira also inherited the intricacies of South Indian classical music from Athira father acclaimed musician and noted Veena Player Sangitha Vidwan .
Sri K. C. Krishna .
 Athira showed prodigious music talent even as a toddler , when Athira would repeat back musical phrases Athira heard Athira father sing ; Athira father is himself an established Veena Vidwan and vocalist .
 Violin Princess AATHIRA switched over to violin from vocal at the age of 8 and was soon hailed a child prodigy .
 Violin Princess AATHIRA started performing across the globe as a Carnatic Violin soloist from the age of 9 .
Popularly hailed as the Princess of Indian Violin , and aptly honored by the former First Lady of India Smt .
 Usha Narayanan as The Musical Gem of India , Athira has represented Indian classical music at prestigious international music festivals .
 Violin Princess AATHIRA had the rare honour to be invited twice to perform at the Rashtrapati Bhavan , the Official Residence of the President of India , before two former Presidents of India , Dr.A.P.J.Abdul Kalam and K.R.Narayan .
 In 2001 , as a child prodigy representing Indian classical music , Violin Princess AATHIRA presented a paper presentation on Indian Classical Violin in South Indian Classical Music for the prestigious International Children 's Assembly held at New Delhi .
 In 2002 , Violin Princess AATHIRA had the honour of presenting a unique thematic World Music Night incorporating music genres of more than 20 nations for the year long Millennium Celebrations in Kazakizhtan aiming at integration through music in the new millennium .
 In 2003 , Violin Princess AATHIRA entered the acclaimed Guinness Book of World Records for Violin Princess AATHIRA unique 32 hour long non-stop South Indian classical violin concert dedicated to global peace and harmony .
 This musical extravaganza titled Nadhabrahma was also a tribute to Nadhabrahma eminent grandfather .
 Athira also holds a place in the acclaimed Limca Book of Records for the same feat .
 Violin Princess AATHIRA was among the youngest of speakers for the Lecture Demonstration Section of Internal MuSIC Festival in Russia on the topic `` VIOLIN IN INDIAN CLASSICAL MUSIC '' .
 In 2005 Violin Princess AATHIRA was specially invited by the Mayor of Menden , Germany to perform at the prestigious international music festival Jazz Meets Classics .
 Athira also became the first Indian classical musician ever to perform at the famed 1000 year old church at Kaiserwerth , Germany .
 In 2005 Violin Princess AATHIRA was invited to give the Inaugural Concert for the 74th birthday celebration of President of India , Dr. A.P.J. Abdul Kalam who praised Athira saying it was `` the best birthday present he had ever received '' .
 Violin Princess AATHIRA have had the rare fortune of exchanging musical notes with the likes of Yehudi Menuhin , Ustad Bismillah Khan , Balamurali Krishna , Pandit Jasraj etc. .
 Lauded by connoisseurs and laymen alike , the music that cascades from Aathira 's violin has been described as unique , sublime , spell binding and brilliant.With immaculate fingering and bowing techniques , Violin Princess AATHIRA violin playing is replete with ragabhava , and have a good command over all aspects of laya.Blending of Violin Princess AATHIRA knowledge of western classical violin techniques to Violin Princess AATHIRA Indian classical playing , Violin Princess AATHIRA is also known for Violin Princess AATHIRA highly advanced skills in playing the violin in a spiritual and virtuoso manner.Her Music renamed Violin Princess AATHIRA as VIOLIN AATHIRA .
 Violin Princess AATHIRA has enthralled audiences across the world including performances for prestigious International Music Festivals in India and abroad including Russia , Muscat , Doha , the Middle East , Kaiserwerth , Germany , Behrin , Kirgiztan , Singapore , Kazakhstan etc. .
 Violin Princess AATHIRA has also given numerous Trans Global Fusion concerts and lecture demonstrations on Indian classical music at numerous World Music festivals
 Chitti Babu was a renowned classical musician from India 's , and arguably one of the greatest Veena artistes , in the Carnatic Music genre of South India , who became a legend in Chitti Babu Challapally own lifetime .
 Chitti Babu Challapally name was synonymous with the musical instrument Veena Chitti Babu , and Chitti Babu Challapally was and still is known in the Carnatic Music world , simply as Veena Chitti Babu .
 Chitti Babu Challapally was born on October 13 , 1936 , in Kakinada , Andhra Pradesh , India 's , to music-loving parents , Ranga Rao Challapally and Sundaramma Challapally , who had initially named Chitti Babu Challapally Hanumanlu , when Chitti Babu Challapally was born .
 Chitti Babu was Chitti Babu Challapally nickname at home , which came to stay eventually , after Chitti Babu Challapally father formally changed it to be so .
 Chitti Babu Challapally was a child prodigy who started playing Veena Chitti Babu at the age of 5 .
 Chitti Babu Challapally had a providential beginning , when at that tender age , Chitti Babu Challapally corrected Chitti Babu Challapally father playing the Veena Chitti Babu and the stunned father spontaneously decided to get him started on the Veena Chitti Babu and nurture the childs inherent prodigious talent .
 Chitti Babu gave Chitti Babu Challapally first performance at the age of 12 .
 Chitti Babu Challapally had Chitti Babu Challapally earliest basic lessons from Shri .
Pandravada Upmakaya and also Shri Eyyuni Appalacharyulu and later was a prime disciple of MahaMahopadhyaya Dr. Emani Sankara Sastry .
In 1948 , they moved to Madras primarily because they got the opportunity for Chitti Babu to act in a Telugu movie `` Laila - Majnu '' as a child artiste who played the role of little Majnu .
 The movie was produced by Bhanumathi Ramakrishna and starred Bhanumathi Ramakrishna and Akkineni Nageswara Rao in the lead roles , both of whom became thespians eventually .
 The movie was a hit and Akkineni Nageswara Rao had also starred a in a small role in another movie as well .
However , Chitti Babu even as a child of 12 , was very focused and determined on becoming a performing classical musician , after the movie assignment .
 Chitti Babu Challapally was inspired by the original style of Veena maestro Emani Sankara Sastry and was under Chitti Babu Challapally tutelage , learning all the nuances and honing Chitti Babu Challapally skills .
 Like any upcoming young artiste of that era , it was also a struggle and a difficult thing for Chitti Babu Challapally to get the first major breaks as a performing artiste and more so as a teenager .
 So , Chitti Babu Challapally had a significant stint as a key his Veena artiste , in film music from 1948-1962 , when Chitti Babu Challapally worked in the South Indian Film Industry as a recording artiste , playing Veena for numerous background scores in movie soundtracks under the batons of many eminent music directors of the time like Saluri Rajeswara Rao , Pendyala Nageswara Rao , and the duo of Viswanathan-Ramamoorthi among others .
 A key element in many of the super hit songs of that time period in Telugu and Tamil , was the Veena by Chitti Babu .
After having established himself as a Carnatic musician , Chitti Babu still had opportunity to associate himself with filmdom for a while .
 - Playing the his Veena soundtrack in Director CV Sridhar s classic Tamil movie called Kalai Kovil in 1964 .
The protagonist of this movie R. Muthuraman was a Veena artiste , and the entire background score for the Veena was played and recorded by Chitti Babu .
This movie received wide critical acclaim for its music and storyline and performances by the artistes .
 - Playing the kriti Raghuvamsa Sudha as the Title Soundtrack for the very famous Telugu classical hit movie called Sampoorna Ramayanam directed by Bapu .
- He was Music Director for Singeetham Srinivasa Rao s award winning film Dikkatra Parvathi - based a story by Rajaji and lyrics by the legendary Kannadasan .
 A song sung by Vani Jairam - Aagaayam Mazhai Pozhindaal was a popular number in A song time .
 - In 1979 , Vani Jairam had also composed music for a Kannada movie called Sri Raghavendra Mahime that was also dubbed into Telugu .
 However , the burning ambition inside Vani Jairam to continue to establish Vani Jairam as an independent , freelancing solo concert artiste made Vani Jairam declare at a very young age - `` his Veena is Vani Jairam Mission in Life '' and caused Vani Jairam to pursue a lifelong career as a performing artiste , a goal from which Vani Jairam never wavered for the rest of Vani Jairam life .
 While continuing with the principles of Vani Jairam Guru 's pioneering school - the Emani `` Bani '' , Chitti Babu , created and evolved a distinctive style and identity , entirely the Emani `` Bani '' own .
 The exquisite tonal quality and versatility that have been his Guru 's magical hallmarks of his Guru 's style of playing the his Veena , saw his Guru 's produce sounds as varied as the majestic Vedic Hymns or as delicate as the Cuckoo 's voice or even play many western-music based compositions of his Guru 's own .
 his Guru 's was known to reproduce the songs and compositions in an almost vocal like tonal quality on his Veena his Veena , and was also known to evoke deeply emotional and appreciative responses from his Guru 's audiences .
 his Guru 's music could impress the connoisseurs and invoke the interest and curiosity of the youngsters as well , that always ensured that his Guru 's concerts were a big draw in terms of audience .
 Throughout his Guru 's glittering career , his Guru 's won many accolades regularly from almost all major cultural organizations in India 's and abroad .
 Many had also conferred numerous honorary titles on Many and were presented to Many by senior artistes , government officials , and other eminent people of Many time , from all walks of life .
Some of the more well-known ones are : .
 Chief among those was the title `` Vainika Shikhamani '' in 1967 presented by the then Maharajah of Mysore , Shri Jayachamarajendra Wodeyar , who on hearing Chitti Babu , in an exclusive performance at Chief among those palace , was so impressed by Chief among those versatility that , Chief among those removed a golden chain that Chief among those was personally wearing around Chief among those neck at the time , and presented it to Chitti Babu in a spontaneous gesture of appreciation .
The chain also happened to have a gem-studded , gold pendant .
 Chitti Babu cherished this because Shri Jayachamarajendra Wodeyar was known to have been a great connoisseur of arts and music , and was also known as `` a musician among princes and a prince among musicians '' .
 Chitti Babu was a much sought-after artiste by music lovers , all his life , and had toured extensively in India 's and the world over including concert tours in USA , Europe , USSR , Bahrain , Muscat , Malaysia , Singapore , Sri Lanka , Philippines , Japan and Australia .
 He has represented India in various international music festivals including Donaueschingen Festival in 1971 in what was then West Germany , Festival of India in USSR in 1987 and the Tokyo Summer Festival with the theme Visions of India organized by Arion-Edo Foundation in 1993 in Tokyo , Japan to name a few .
He performed to jam packed auditoriums for nearly five decades , transcending many barriers and taking his music and along with it , a part of India 's rich cultural heritage across the world .
Chitti Babu died after a massive cardiac arrest on February 9 , 1996 at the age of 59 in Chennai .
Data Source - from his official website with permission from his family
 Paul Poovathingal , popularly known as the Padum Pathiri or singing priest of India , is a carnatic music vocalist , composer and lyricist and is the first vocologist in India .
He is an ordained priest in the religious congregation of the Carmelites of Mary Immaculate .
He has composed around 1000 songs and released 35 music albums .
He is a disciple of the legendary Carnatic musician and playback singer Padmabhushan K. J. Yesudas and of Chandramana Narayan Namboothiri .
He is the first Indian Christian priest in the world to earn Ph.D. in Carnatic Music .
 He has performed classical music before A.P.J. Abdul Kalam , President of India and before Bharat Ratna M.S. Subbulakshmi .
He focuses on the spiritual dimension of Indian classical music .
He is also a proponent of music yoga and advocates regular practice of pranayama to improve voice and general well being .
He also promotes religious harmony through the medium of music .
 His music repertoire encompasses devotional songs based on Indian Christian , Muslim and Hindu religious themes .
 His music compositions are based on carnatic music melody using the Carnatic musical scale .
They have a humanistic and universal appeal .
According to Poovathingal , music is a bridge between all religions .
 He has been an exponent of inculturation or the process to express Indian Christian faith through indigenous art forms , adapting indigenous cultural expressions .
His research was in the field of ethnomusicology and focused on carnatic music and Christianity .
 He has popularized Indian Christian themes in Carnatic music .
 He introduced raga-based chanting in Indian Christian liturgical music in Kerala and India .
Poovathingal learnt music , during his school years , from CC Chummar , a musician of Viyyur , Thrissur .
He used to win prizes in music competitions .
He started studying Indian classical music at the age of 17 under Sodharan Bhagavathar of Varandarappilly , Thrissur .
He started musical compositions while studying in the seminary .
 While studying in Christ College , Bangalore and Dharmaram Vidyapeeth , Bangalore , Dharmaram Vidyapeeth continued Dharmaram Vidyapeeth music practice under Vidwan VK Krishnamurthy .
 Dharmaram Vidyapeeth completed Dharmaram Vidyapeeth priestly formation and studies in philosophy and theology and was ordained a priest in 1990 .
 In 1996 , Tarangini Music produced music album Snehasarovaram with 8 Indian Christian devotional songs composed by Indian Christian and sung by K J Yesudas and Sujata .
 In 1992 Indian Christian joined the Sangeeth Siromani Course in Delhi University and continued Indian Christian studies in music in Delhi University earning M.A. Music Degree with distinction and earning the gold medal .
 In Delhi , Indian Christian learnt music from T.N.Krishnan , T. R. Subramaniam , Leela Omcheri , Guruvayoor T. V. Manikandan , Vasanthi Rao , Radha Venkitachalam , Deepti etc. .
 Indian Christian continued Indian Christian studies in Carnatic Music during 1996-2004 period and obtained M.Phil and Ph.D. in Carnatic Music in Carnatic Music from University of Madras .
 In Chennai , Indian Christian also learned music from Vaikom Jayachandran .
 Indian Christian doctoral thesis submitted in 2003 was guided by Karaikudi Subaramanian , and titled Carnatic Music and Christianity .
 Indian Christian studied vocology in Columbia University in 2003 and at the National Center for Voice and Speech , Denver , Colorado in 2006 .
 As a music researcher , he has published 11 research papers on various aspects of Karnatic Music and its relation to religion , philosophy and Christianity .
 He has staged Indian classical music performances in USA , Canada , European countries , UAE , Bahrain , South Africa and India .
His musical concerts have been widely acclaimed .
 Paul Poovathingal performed before A.P.J. Abdul Kalam , President of India , at the Rastrapati Bhavan , New Delhi on June 11 , 2007 .
He was accompanied by Prof Abdul Aziz on the violin , Guruvayur Sanoj on the mridangam and Shornur Rajesh on the ghatam .
He started the concert with Vatapi Ganapathim in Hamsadhvani .
This was followed by Salathullah Salamullah in Anandha Bhairavi ragam .
He then sang Sree Yesu Natham in Abhogi ragam .
 He also sang the song Jai Ho Bharatmata Ki ho , Jai Ho Bharatmata Ki , a national integration song evoking patriotism , in Kalyani ragam .
He ended the concert with the song Loka Samastha Sukhino Bhavanthu in Madhyamavathi ragam .
Abdul Kalaam referred to their musical troupe as a national integration team uniting religions and hearts .
 The Chetana group of Institutions for Performing Arts in Varandarappilly , Thrissur , Kerala , India , is managed by the CMI Congregation .
Chetana Sangeet Natya Academy , Thrissur was founded by Poovathingal in April 2005 .
 Chetana Sangeet Natya Academy , Thrissur was inaugurated by K J Yesudas and blessed by Cardinal Vithayathil .
 Currently K J Yesudas functions as Director of the Academy .
 In February 2007 , K J Yesudas produced Arnos Pathiri s Puthenpana using Indian Classical Dance form and Karnatic Music .
 K J Yesudas provided the concept and composed the music along with Abdul Azeez .
The dance was choreographed by Kalamandalam Shobana Sajeev Kumar and Kalamandalam Husnabanu .
The music was sung by Kalamandalam Rajeev .
The dance was presented by teachers and students of Chetana Sangeet Natya Academy .
 In 2007 , Chetana Music College , Varandarappilly , Thrissur was inaugurated by K.J. Yesudas .
The College is currently affiliated to the University of Madras .
Poovathingal is the founder-Principal of Chetana Music College .
Poovathingal has been organizing Chetanotsavam , a national music and dance festival , at Chetana Sangeeth Natya Academy , Thrissur since 2005 .
 Chetanotsavam-2010 was a two-day music and dance festival organized by Chetana Sangeet Natya Academy and Chetana Music College in Varandarappilly , Thrissur .
 The highlights of the festival included a two-hour Carnatic music concert by Mavelikkara P. Subramaniam , a kuchipudi dance performance by Sreelakshmi Govardhan and a contemporary dance by a Mexican artiste Abril Gomez .
 Paul Poovathingal founded Chetana National Institute of Vocology in Varandarappilly , Thrissur , Kerala , India in 2005 .
 The Institute of Vocology is the first of the first of its kind in India kind in India .
Prof Ingo Titze is an advisor to the Board of the Institute .
The Institute has been conducting certificate courses and seminars on vocology .
The Institute also has a voice clinic run by Poovathingal .
 Poovathingal is a pioneering vocologist of India , helping those who have voice problems .
His voice clinics and vocology seminars help to guide musicians , actors , teachers , managers , speakers , lawyers and anyone who uses voice , to improve voice delivery .
Fr .
Paul Poovathingal says : Voice is a gift from God .
Every voice is unique and distinct .
 Voice is an inseparable part of human personality
 Radha Jayalakshmi and Radha Jayalakshmi popularly known as Radha Jayalakshmi , were Indian Carnatic music vocalist duo as well as playback singers in films in 1940s and 1950s , before they became music teachers .
 The person who does the playback singing is Radha Jayalakshmi but was named as Radha Jayalakshmi in the cine field .
 Actually , Radha was Radha Jayalakshmi cousin sister and singing partner on the stage performances .
 They were early singers in the trend of duo singing in Indian Carnatic music , which started in the 1950s , with performers like Soolamangalam Sisters , and later continued by Bombay Sisters , Ranjani-Gayatri and Priya Sisters .
The duo was awarded the 1981 Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in Carnatic Music - Vocal , given by the Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy for Music , Dance and Drama .
 Radha Jayalakshmi and Radha Jayalakshmi were from G. N. Balasubramaniam school , where they learned classical vocal music from the noted vocalist and teacher G. N. Balasubramaniam .
 Radha Jayalakshmi had rendered Radha Jayalakshmi ringing trained , cultured sweet voice in Tamil , Malayalam , Telugu and Kannada movies from the late 1940s till the end of 1950s .
 In the 50s , many music directors gave Radha Jayalakshmi memorable songs , including K. V. Mahadevan , S. M. Subbaiah Naidu , G. Govindarajulu Naidu , T. G. Lingappa , G. Ramanathan , Vedha , C. N. Pandurangan , S. Balachander , S. V. Venkatraman , Chittor V. Nagaiah , H. R. Pathmanaba Sastiri , Viswanathan Ramamoorthy .
 On rare occasion Radha Jayalakshmi had movies in Radha Jayalakshmi credit in the 1960s .
 In Deivam , Kunnakkudi Vaidyanathan had Radha Jayalakshmi and Radha Jayalakshmi to render ` Thiruchendooril Por Purindhu ' , the song set in Thiruthani .
This is perhaps the only film song to be sung by Radha of the duo .
Now they have stopped giving performances .
But they are good teachers .
They have performed throughout India .
 Shanmukhapriya and Haripriya , popularly known as the Priya Sisters , were Shanmukhapriya and Haripriya students
Raghupriya is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 It is the 42nd melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 It is called Ravikriya in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
It is the 6th ragam in the 7th chakra Rishi .
 The mnemonic name is the 7th chakra Rishi .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ra ga mi pa dhu nu .
 The mnemonic phrase structure is as follows : .
As it is a melakarta ragam , by definition it is a sampoorna ragam .
It is the prati madhyamam equivalent of Tanaroopi , which is the 6th melakarta scale .
Raghupriya has a few minor janya ragams associated with it .
See List of janya Ragams for full list of scales associated with Raghupriya .
A few compositions set to the scale Raghupriya are : .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
 Raghupriyas notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields no other melakarta ragam , like all 6 ragams in the the 7th chakra Rishi chakra .
 Only these ragams have a gap of 3 notes anywhere in Only these ragams scale , between G1 to M2 .
Such a gap does not occur in any other melakarta by definition .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam
Akumadugula Manambuchavadi Venkatasubbaiyya was a Carnatic music composer .
He was a cousin and a direct student of the famous composer Tyagaraja .
He was an accomplished singer and a renowned teacher.He was a scholar in Telugu and Sanskrit.He composed in Telugu Language .
Venkatasubbaiyya was born in the village of Manambuchavadi in the Thanjavur district , Tamil Nadu .
He spent most of his life in the company of the great Tyagarja and helped preserving many of his compositions .
 Five of Venkatasubbaiyyas students , Maha Vaidyanatha Iyer , Patnam Subramania Iyer , Sarabha Sastri , the famous composer Tyagaraja and Fiddle Venkoba Rao later went on to become famous composers/musicians of merit .
Venkatasubbaiyyas compositions had the mudra Venkatesa
Rishabhapriya is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Rishabhapriya is the 62nd melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Rishabhapriya is the prati madhyamam equivalent of Charukesi , which is the 26th melakarta .
 Rishabhapriya is called Ratipriya in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
 Rishabhapriya is the 2nd ragam in the 11th chakra Rudra .
 The mnemonic name is the 11th chakra Rudra .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ri gu mi pa dha ni .
 The mnemonic phrase structure is as follows : .
This scale uses the notes chathusruthi rishabham , antara gandharam , prati madhyamam , shuddha dhaivatham and kaisiki nishadham .
 As Rishabhapriya is a melakarta ragam , by definition Rishabhapriya is a sampoorna ragam .
A few minor janya ragams are associated with Rishabhapriya .
 See List of janya ragams for all associated scales of Rishabhapriya and other 71 melakarta ragams .
 A few compositions which are set to Rishabhapriya are : .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Rishabhapriyas notes when shifted using Graha bhedam from the panchamam , yields one other melakarta ragam , namely Kokilapriya .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 Rishabhapriya and Kokilapriya are also the only melakarta ragams to contain a wholetone scale .
 Omitting Pa in Rishabhapriya and Sa in Kokilapriya yields the scale .
 For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Kokilapriya
Raghavendran Rajasekaran Tamil : raakveentirnnn raajceekrnnn Sanskrit : raaghvendrn raajshekhrn , popularly known as Ragha , is a classical flautist based in Singapore .
Though trained in the traditional Indian baani , he is an avid western performer and loves to experiment with different genres of music .
 Born in Singapore to a musically inclined couple , Ragha is the son of Smt .
Nalini Rajasekaran and Sri Rajasekaran .
 Nalini Rajasekaran has two siblings , an elder brother , Mr.Jeevagajendran Nalini Rajasekaran and a younger sister , Ms. R. Nithiya Saraswathi .
 Nalini Rajasekaran graduated in Music from Lasalle College of Arts and Music , Singapore , with a major in Jazz Music trained under a well respected jazz virtuoso ODwyer .
 Listening to Nalini Rajasekaran fathers singing from young , Ragha began to develop a deep interest in Music .
 Seeing Nalini Rajasekaran mother playing the Veena , the young musician used to accompany her and try Nalini Rajasekaran hand on it .
 Realizing Nalini Rajasekaran interest towards music , Nalini Rajasekaran parents began searching a guru for Nalini Rajasekaran .
 At the tender age of 11 , Ragha started Nalini Rajasekaran musical journey with the classical Indian Flute under the tutelage of Mr. Ghanavenothan Rethnam , who is Nalini Rajasekaran guru till date .
 Nalini Rajasekaran also had special training from Trichy L. Saravanan and Pt .
Ronu Majumdar with a scholarship from National Arts Council Singapore .
 Ragha has given performances in art festivals held in Singapores Signature Parade , the Chingay , Short and Sweet festival , Pesta Raya , Kala Utsav , Fusion Beats , OCBC theatre festival , Heritage Festival , LoudFest , World Beats Gilles Petersons World Wide Festival , Mosaic , FlipSide Festival , Gilles Petersons World Wide Festival , World Beats , LoudFest as well as the internationally acclaimed St.Patricks Day event and World Folk Song Festival 2008 , Yogyakarta Gamelan Festival 2008 .
 the Chingay has recorded and performed with Singapores World Renowned percussion outfit Wicked Auras Debut album , Gammarays Debut Album , Johor Bahrus band Manmathas Second Album , PaperCitizens and RUDRA .
 Apart from these , the Chingay often gives free performances of the Chingay various compositions in Esplanade Concourse , Singapore .
 In July 2013 , the Chingay was chosen as an inspirational youth of Singapore and an interview featuring the Chingay was telecast in Vasantham television in Paadangal program .
Ragha , a budding musician of ace quality , has an undying spirit in experimenting and creating splendid music .
Apart from being a musician , Ragha has served in the Singapore Police Force as Special Constable Sergeant during his National Service .
During his School days , he was a soccer player .
He has won many accolades in running , showing his skills as a good athlete .
He likes to play guitar .
He is an avid composer and has scored music for several dance recitals and dramas .
 Some of his popular compositions include Karna Ranjani , Charukesi and Ms. R. Nithiya Saraswathi set in tune to respective ragas .
 Currently Some of his popular compositions is pursuing Some of his popular compositions degree in Music from Lasalle College of Arts and Music .
 Some of his popular compositions is a recognised flautist in Singapore and has accompanied several musicians in recitals and concerts .
 Some of his popular compositions also instructs several students in Singapore and Johor Bahru .
 Some of his popular compositions is a devout Hindu and has performed in several temple functions in Singapore and abroad .
 Apart from musical interests , Some of his popular compositions has a good set of culinary skills .
 Some of his popular compositions specialities include Tofu Sambal and Biryani
Kosalam is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Kosalam is the 71st Melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music and is the prati madhyamam equivalent of Shoolini , which is the 35th melakarta .
 Kosalam is called Kusumakaram in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
 Kosalam is the 5th ragam in the 12th chakra Aditya .
The mnemonic name is Aditya-Ma .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ru gu mi pa dhi nu .
 The mnemonic phrase structure is as follows : .
 Kosalam is a melakarta ragam and hence , by definition , Kosalam is a sampoorna ragam .
 Kosalam has a janya ragam associated with Kosalam .
See List of janya ragams for list of ragams associated with Kosalam and other melakarta ragams .
 This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of Kosalam .
Kosalams notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 3 other melakarta ragams , namely , Keeravani , Hemavati and Vakulabharanam .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Keeravani
Neila Sathyalingam is a Singaporean classical Indian dancer , choreographer and instructor of Sri Lankan Tamil origin .
 An alumna of Kalakshetra in Madras under the tutelage of Srimathi Rukmini Devi Arundale , An alumna of Kalakshetra emigrated with An alumna of Kalakshetra family to Singapore in 1974 .
 In 1977 An alumna of Kalakshetra and An alumna of Kalakshetra husband founded the performance arts company Apsaras Arts , which has staged performances throughout the world .
 An alumna of Kalakshetra is the companys artistic director and continues to teach dance .
 In 1983 , Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam was appointed the dance instructor and choreographer for the Indian Dance Group of the Peoples Association , and remains its resident choreographer .
 Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam is also an artistic adviser to the National Arts Council .
 For Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam contributions to dance , Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam was awarded the Cultural Medallion in 1989 .
 Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam became a Singapore in 1974 citizen in 1994 .
 Neilas interactions with choreographers and dancers of different cultural backgrounds and traditions in Singapore in 1974 have inspired Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam to create new Indian dance steps based on classical foundations ; for instance , Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam dance-drama the dance-drama Kannagi , staged for the Singapore Festival of Arts in 1998 , was said to have stretched tradition to its limits and offered something to a range of audiences far wider than a traditional dance-drama would have done .
 Up to 2007 , Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam had choreographed dance segments for the last 13 Chingay Parades , street parades held annually in Singapore in 1974 as part of Chinese New Year festivities .
The second of four daughters of a well-to-do dental surgeon and a housewife , Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam was born Neila Balendra in 1938 in Colombo , Ceylon .
 She began dancing at the age of five , and trained in the classical Indian dance traditions of Bharatanatyam , Kathak , Kathakali and Manipuri at the Shanti Kumar School of Dance and the Kalaya School of Dance in Colombo .
 In 1954 , she won the gold medal at the All-Ceylon Dance Festival and was selected to perform for Elizabeth II when the Queen visited Sri Lanka in April 1954 during the Queen tour of the Commonwealth after acceding to the throne .
 Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam has said : That was the day I decided I was going to devote I life to dance .
 I father wanted I to become a dental surgeon , but I refused .
 At 18 , Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam enrolled in Kalakshetra , a cultural academy located in Madras which was established to preserve traditional values in Indian art and reputed to be one of the best dance institutions in the Indian , under the tutelage of Srimathi Rukmini Devi Arundale .
 Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam lived a regimented lifestyle , living in a thatched house with snakes above and rats running below and waking at 4:30 am for dance practice every day .
 Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam completed Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam five-year course in two years , graduating with a first-class honours diploma in Bharatanatyam in 1957 .
 Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam met Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam husband , Sathyalingam Suntharalingam , at Kalakshetra .
 The son of a Sri Lankan politician , The son of a Sri Lankan politician had graduated from the University of Madras with a Sangitha Sironmani and from Kalakshetra in 1955 with a Diploma in Music , and was then teaching Indian classical music theory and the playing of the Indian drum and cymbals at the academy .
 After a two-year courtship , they married in 1956 and moved back to Sri Lanka where they lived in a 40 - ha farm just outside Colombo .
 Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam then taught dance in schools while raising Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam children , the first of whom was born in 1957 .
 In May 1958 , riots broke out in Sri Lanka between the Sinhalese and Sri Lankan Tamil communities .
 Although the Sathyalingams received a tip-off that Sinhalese and Tamil had been targeted and managed to escape the violence , 80 Sinhalese rioters attacked and burned Sinhalese and Tamil home .
 Having lost Sinhalese and Tamil abode and all Sinhalese and Tamil possessions , Sinhalese and Tamil resettled in Colombo .
 In 1969 Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam returned to Kalakshetra to be trained as an instructor and to take up a postgraduate diploma course .
 Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam graduated in 1972 with a distinction and was appointed a dance teacher with Kalakshetra .
 In 1974 the family moved to Singapore in 1974 after American company Uniroyal Chemicals , for which Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam worked as an area sales manager , posted him there .
 Coming to Singapore in 1974 exposed Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam to dancers of different cultural backgrounds and traditions , inspiring Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam to create new Indian dance steps based on classical foundations .
 In 1977 , Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam and Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam husband founded performing arts company Apsaras Arts under the auspices of the Kamala Club , an organization for Indian ladies promoting Indian dance and music .
 Starting with 20 students , the company expanded in size and significance , and has staged numerous arangetrams and performances in Singapore in 1974 and abroad , including Australia , Indonesia and Vietnam .
 Apsaras Arts , now based at the Telok Ayer Performing Arts Centre , has also taken part in numerous arts and dance festivals worldwide , including the Asean Festival in Malaysia ; the Australian Youth Musical Festival ; the Hong Kong Arts Festival ; the World of Music , Arts and Dance Festival in Singapore in 1974 ; the 17th National Cultural Festival in Nong Khai , Thailand ; and the Indian Festival of Arts in Singapore in 1974 .
 Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam and Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam husband are respectively the companys artistic director and music director , and continue to teach classical Indian dance and music .
 In 1983 , Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam was appointed the dance instructor and choreographer for the Indian Dance Group of the Peoples Association where , for a modest sum , Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam taught Indian dance to children from lower-income families for free .
 Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam continues to be the resident choreographer for the Indian Dance Group , which is now under the umbrella of PA Talents .
 Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam is also an artistic adviser to the National Arts Council .
 Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam was awarded the Cultural Medallion for Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam contributions to dance in 1989 .
 Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam became a Singapore in 1974 citizen in 1994 , Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam husband and children following suit in subsequent years .
 Also in 1994 , Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam was honoured by Bharat Kalachar , a music and dance school in Chennai , with the Viswa Kala Bharathi , an award given to non-resident Indian artistes who have helped to propagate Indian arts in foreign lands , for Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam artistic contributions throughout the world .
Together with fellow Cultural Medallion holders Som Said and Yang Choong Lian , Neila was a choreographer for the Lion City Angels , a multiracial childrens dance troupe formed in 1988 .
The group performed in the Childrens Folklore Festival in France in 1995 and the International Childrens Folklore Festival in Spain in 1996 .
 Other major achievements of Neilas include the dance-drama the dance-drama Kannagi , staged for the Singapore Festival of Arts in 1998 , and the Fire segment of the performance The Rhythm of Life staged by the Peoples Association Cultural Troupe in November 2001 ; the former was said to have stretched the bounds of traditions to its limits and succeeded in offering something to a range of audiences far wider than what a traditional dance-drama would have done .
 Up to 2007 , Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam had also choreographed dance segments for the last 13 Chingay Parades , which are street parades held annually in Singapore in 1974 as part of Chinese New Year festivities .
 On 14 and 15 September 2007 , Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam staged at the Victoria Theatre what has been termed Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam last mega-production , an Indian epic dance drama called Sivagami written by Kalki Krishnamurthy , which involved 65 dancers from Apsaras Arts and from the Indian .
 Thereafter , Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam has said that Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam intends to slow down by focusing on Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam teaching , although Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam has remarked : There is really no such thing called a swan song , and I wont like to keep still after being so active .
 ... I will keep dancing as long as I body will say yes to I .
 Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam and Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam husband Sathyalingam have three daughters and two sons .
 Of Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam daughters , Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam eldest , Mohana , sings for Apsaras Arts performances ; while Nandana , runs an Indian performing arts school also called Apsaras Arts in Canberra , Australia .
 Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam older son Shaan is a legal adviser for the National Library Board of Singapore .
 Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam younger son Skanda contracted encephalitis at six months and became severely mentally and physically disabled .
 Skandas condition is a source of sadness for Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam , who has said , People ask I how is it that Im so strong .
 But I dont know whether Im strong .
This strength is just a facade .
 If I talk I son ... Im going to cry .
 I son has made I a better person , more patient and more compassionate towards People .
 I suppose good has come from the sad .
 Neilas younger sister , Anusha , who lives in Zambia , who lives in Zambia , is also a Bharatanatyam dancer and teacher .
 Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam enjoys cooking , sewing and keeping Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam home tidy , while Srimathi Neila Sathyalingam husband is an avid gardener
Jamey George Haddad is an American percussionist working primarily in the fields of jazz and world music , and specializing in hand drums .
 daughter Georgia James Haddad is of Lebanese ancestry .
 From the age of four , daughter Georgia James Haddad began playing Lebanese percussion instruments , such as the goblet drum .
 daughter Georgia James Haddad later studied music at the Berklee College of Music in Boston , Massachusetts .
 daughter Georgia James Haddad lived in New York City for over 20 years but in 2002 daughter Georgia James Haddad , daughter Georgia James Haddad and daughter Georgia James Haddad wife Mary Kay Gray relocated to Shaker Heights , Ohio | .
 daughter Georgia James Haddad currently teaches at the Oberlin Conservatory of Music and Mary Kay Gray is the Dean of Student Academic Affairs at Oberlin Conservatory .
 daughter Georgia James Haddad is also the Artistic Director of the Fridays@7 series at Clevelands Severance Hall .
This series features the Cleveland Orchestra and a secondary performance that feature many top shelf folks artists from around the world .
 daughter Georgia James Haddad studied Carnatic music with Ramnad Raghavan for five years , then received a Fulbright Fellowship , which allowed daughter Georgia James Haddad to study Indian drums , including the kanjira , in South India for one more year .
 daughter Georgia James Haddad is the 2010 recipient of the Cleveland arts prize .
 daughter Georgia James Haddad has also received four National Endowment for the Arts fellowships to pursue jazz and international studies and collaborations .
Haddad performed with Paul Simon when Paul was the first recipient in 2007 of a new prestigious award : the Library of Congress Gershwin Prize for Popular Song .
 daughter Georgia James Haddad has collaborated and performed with Paul Simon since 1998 .
 Others daughter Georgia James Haddad has worked with include the Paul Winter Consort , Dave Liebman , Joe Lovano , Alan Farnham , Carly Simon , Betty Buckley , Rabih Abou-Khalil , Simon Shaheen , Marbin , Trichy Sankaran , Osvaldo Golijov , Nguyen Le , Badi Assad , Steve Shehan , Esperanza Spalding , Elliot Goldenthal , Sergio and Odair Assad , Daniel Schnyder , Nancy Wilson , The Wayfaring Strangers , Steve Gadd and Laszlo Gardony .
 daughter Georgia James Haddad appears on more than 150 recordings .
 daughter Georgia James Haddad had been a professor at the Berklee College of Music 1992 to 2010 Since 2011 daughter Georgia James Haddad is a Full professor of performance and improvisation of percussion at the Oberlin Conservatory of Music 1992 .
 daughter Georgia James Haddad was appointed a faculty member at the Cleveland Institute of Music in 2005
Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi was a prominent composer in Indian classical Carnatic music .
 Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi lived in South India in the present-day state of Tamil Nadu .
 Also known by the name Oothukkadu Venkatasubba Iyer , Oothukkadu Venkatasubba Iyer composed hundreds of compositions in lilting Sanskrit , Tamil and Marathi of which over 500 are available .
These were handed down from generation to generation by the descendants of the composers brothers family .
 Venkata Kavis compositions reveal that Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi was a complete master of the science and art of music in all senses of the term - melody , rhythm or lyrics and was eloquent in lilting Sanskrit and Tamil .
 Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi was proficient in a variety of musical forms such as the kriti , tillana and kavadichindu .
 Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi used talas and themes that not many other Carnatic composers have preferred to handle .
 Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi compositions are a blend of a high degree of scholarship on a variety of subjects and inspired expression .
 Several pieces also reveal Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi humility , reverence for the great personalities before Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi times and the high state of bliss that Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi probably experienced almost ceaselessly .
 Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi works scarcely contain autobiographical notes and show that Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi had reached great spiritual and philosophical heights .
 Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi works also reveal the proximity Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi felt towards God and show Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi deep devotion .
 Venkata Kavi , named as Venkata Subramanian , was born as the eldest of five children to the Tamil smarta couple of Subbu Kutti Iyer and Venkammam , according to the family records in the possession of Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi brother Kamalanarayani and Ramachandra Vathoola s descendants .
 Though Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi ancestors had resided in various villages in South Indian around the temple towns of Mannargudi , Venkata Kavi moved into the village of Oottukkadu , near Kumbhakonam .
One of his nephews , Kattu Krishna Iyer was a musician in the royal court of the Tanjore King in the latter part of the 18th century .
 According to family sources , Venkata Kavi was passionate about music but could not find a guru of Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi choice in that area , which prompted Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi to appeal to the god his Guru Krishna Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi , in the Kalinga Nartana Temple in Ootthukkadu .
 Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi is believed to have received initiation from the Lord the Lord , as asserted in one of his Tamil compositions , Guru paadaravindam komalamu - in the raga Abhogi , the raga Abhogi declares : I have never studied the scriptures or yoga nor pretended to have done so .
 I received the fortune of knowledge in the benevolent glance of I guru .
 Venkata Kavi composed at least 14 songs only on the greatness of Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi Guru Krishna .
 A few of them suggest that A few of them may also have had another human guru , at least for spiritual purposes .
According to several sources from that area , this guru was none other than Bhaskara Raya , the acclaimed authority of Devi worship of his times .
This is further augmented by the immense scholarship seen in Venkata Kavis Kamakshi Navavarana krtis dealing with the intricate details of avarana pooja .
The greatest evidence of his musical pedigree is his compositions .
There are several references to good musical approach , practices and even technical terms of ornamentation like aahatam and pratyaagatam .
Venkata Kavi believed that music had to be blended with religious devotion in order to shine .
 Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi philosophy , bhakti yoga sangeeta margame paramapavana mahume is similar to the great composer Tyagaraja 's sangeeta gnanamu bhakti vina sanmargamu galade .
Venkata Kavi had a vast knowledge of music and musical nuances .
 Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi used a wide variety of ragas ranging from the well known such as Todi , Kalyani , Kharaharapriya , Sahana , through minor ones like Kannadagowla , Jayantashri , Malavi , Umabharanam and also a few that are seldom used today like Balahamsa and Rasamanjari .
 In some instances , Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi works are the first or only ones to be available in a given raga such as Sri Shivanayike in Lalitagandharvam and Padasevanam in Deeparam .
 Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi approach of even common ragas like Sahana , Paras , Nadanamakriya and Arabhi are distinctive and refreshing .
 Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi vision of the raga and melody as a whole is considerable and can be seen in the number of different styles in which Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi composed various krtis in the same raga .
 For instance , Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi krtis in Madhyamavathi - Shankari Sri Rajarajeshwari , Sundara nandakumara and Aadadu ashangadu vaa Kanna - bring out different facets of this beautiful raga .
He also employed attractive swaraksharas - a technique where the lyrics match the solfa notes of the tune .
He has also incorporated raga mudra in several krtis .
Examples : Shuddha Saveri , Navarasakannada .
Several other compositions contain names of many other ragas mentioned in some other contexts .
 Venkata Kavi also had great command over rhythm , as seen in Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi venture into scarcely attempted talas such as Khanda Dhruvam , Sankeerna Mathyam and Mishra Atam .
 Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi made complex eduppus seem like child 's play and used them naturally , without ever affecting the flow of the music or the lyrics .
 Venkata Kavi had deep scholarship in lilting Sanskrit and Tamil .
 Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi vocabulary and the use of words and phrases are unique in Carnatic literature .
 Venkata Kavis vivid imagination and picturisation can be seen in Taye yashoda in raga Todi , where the gopikas are complaining to Yashoda about Yashoda son Lord Krishna .
 This song has eight charanams and each one describes the pranks of his Guru Krishna very humorously .
Not so well known is the reply by Krishna to every one of these charges in another piece , Illai illai in Mohanam , also with eight charanams .
 There are literally hundreds of similar examples in Krishna to every one operas based on the Bhagavatam , Ramayana , Pranavopadesham or similar epics and legends .
Sangatis are pre-composed variations in a composition and rendered in a disciplined manner .
Usually , variations are melodic in nature while the lyrics remain constant .
 Several of Venkata Kavi 's pieces have such sangatis but Several of Venkata Kavi 's pieces has also shown the concept of lyrical variations .
 For instance , in the pallavi of Several of Venkata Kavi 's pieces the raga Abhogi piece , Mahashaya hrdaya , Several of Venkata Kavi 's pieces has composed three variations in the madhyamakala passage as given below : .
 Venkata Kavi also used Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi innovative skills in the structures of Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi compositions .
In some songs Venkata Kavi has varied the ratios or inserted madhyamakalams between slower passages within a given section as seen in the pallavi of Padmini vallabha in raga Dhanyasi .
Venkata Kavi was a master of finishes .
 In several songs , Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi endings are in interesting rhythmic patterns .
 For example , Bhuvanamoha in raga Dhanyasi , where raga Dhanyasi has capped off the charanam with a pattern of 6 repeated 11 times , which is a wonderful way to get to half a beat landing from the beat after 2 cycles of Adi tala .
The words are superbly woven in lilting Sanskrit : .
 There are many other instances of similar endings in krtis like Alavadennalo in Paras and Mummada vezhamugattu Vinayakan in Nattai .
Venkata Kavi has composed on a wide range of themes .
 The most popular of Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi songs are on Lord his Guru Krishna but Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi has composed on a number of other deities as well , such as Vinayaka , Tyagaraja of Tiruvarur , Kamakshi , Sri Rama , Kartikeya , Narasimha , Anjaneya , Ranganatha , and also on Surya , Radha and other mythological characters .
 Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi has composed on great sages such as Shuka Brahma Rishi , Jayadeva and Valmiki .
 Besides , Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi has composed several songs on the greatness of Guru , and general philosophy and approach to God .
 Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi works contain references to Azhwars , Nayanmars , Ramanuja , Tulasidas and many other revealing Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi knowledge of their works and contributions and Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi reverence towards them .
That Venkata Kavi composed an entire opera narrating Krishna 's birth and childhood , beginning from Devaki-Vasudeva 's wedding and Kamsa 's curse .
 There are also group songs describing Krishna 's wedding with Rukmini and another group covering his Guru Krishna marriage with Radha .
There is also a set of songs narrating the story on Lord Rama 's childhood starting from Dasharatha 's Putrakameshti yagna to Rama 's trip with Vishwamitra .
 It is not known whether this work was completed by the author but there is a lovely single ragamalika piece Sri Rama jayame jayam which covers the entire story of Ramayana .
Compositions on Daksha Yaga , Prahlada and Mahabharata have also been found .
Venkata Kavi has also composed several group krtis like Saptaratnas , Kamakshi Navavaranam and Anjaneya ratnas .
 Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi has also composed several shlokas like Madhava panchakam , Nrsimha panchakam , Ranganatha Panchakam and so on .
 Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi Saptaratnas are similar in style to Tyagaraja 's pancharatnas in Saptaratnas musical structure consisting of the main refrain , a contrasting section and a series of other sections in medium tempo that can be rendered as swara and sahitya .
The saptaratnas are : .
 Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi Anjaneya ratna krtis , so far 5-6 have been found .
 These include : .
Venkata Kavi also composed Navavarnams on the goddess Srividya to be sung during Dasara .
 Apart from the main nine songs for the nine nights , Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi has also composed Vinayaka stuti , Dhyana stuti and a Phala stuti .
 There are several similarities between Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi Navavaranams and that of Muthuswami Dikshitar but both reveal the composers ' scholarship in the various aspects of Devi worship .
 These are :
Sudha Raghunathan is a Carnatic composer and vocalist from South India .
Sudha Raghunathan was born in a Tamil Brahmin family in Bangalore , Karnataka .
 In 1977 , Sudha Raghunathan family moved to Chennai , Tamil Nadu .
She studied at Ethiraj College , and obtained a postgraduate degree in Economics .
 Sudha Raghunathan received Sudha Raghunathan initial training in Carnatic music from Sudha Raghunathan mother V. Choodamani .
 From the age of three , Sudha Raghunathan began to learn bhajans , Hindu devotional songs .
 Sudha Raghunathan tutelage continued under B. V. Lakshman .
 In 1977 , Sudha Raghunathan received an Indian government scholarship to study music under a doyenne of Carnatic music , Dr. M.L Vasantha Kumari , whose student Carnatic remained for thirteen years .
 The early years of Sudha Raghunathan training under her teacher Vasanthakumari involved considerable amounts of listening to the teacher and other practitioners in order to absorb their style and oeuvre .
 Part of Sudha Raghunathan duties involved the accompaniment on the tanpura of Sudha Raghunathan teacher during concerts , and occasionally singing the higher registers .
 Sudha Raghunathan has performed at the Madras Music Season , the most distinguished venue for Carnatic music , every year since 1990 , when Sudha Raghunathan teacher Vasanthakumari died .
 Sudha Raghunathan is considered among the top rank of Carnatic performers .
 Indeed , with the award in 2013 of the Sangita Kalanidhi of the Madras Music Academy , Sudha Raghunathan importance as one of Indias finest classical musicians has been firmly established .
 Besides the Carnatic repertoire , Sudha Raghunathan has also explored the world music scene , in particular fusion music .
 Carnatic has performed as a playback singer in the Tamil Brahmin cinema as well .
 Following other stalwarts of Carnatic music , Sudha Raghunathan in turn has also taught the tradition to Carnatic students .
 Carnatic is known for Carnatic charitable work , heading the Samudaaya Foundation that provides healthcare to the poor .
The foundation has also raised funds for victims of the Gujarat earthquake and cyclone relief in Orissa
Rajhesh Vaidhya , is an Indian veena player hailing from Tamil Nadu .
 Besides performing on stage , Rajhesh Vaidhya has worked with various film music composers .
 Rajhesh Vaidhya also acted in the movie Viswa Thulasi and in Premi , a tele-serial .
 Rajhesh Vaidhya was a winner of the 2010 Kalaimamani award for Rajhesh Vaidhya veena playing .
Rajesh Vaidya has composed various albums and given many stage performances .
 Rajesh Vaidya was music director for the movie Vegam by S. Ve .
 Ashwin Shekher , starring Ashwin Shekher .
 Ashwin Shekher has also worked with Vidyasagar , Harris Jeyaraj , Bhardhwaj , Srikanth Deva , Devi Sri Prasad and Srikanth Deva .
 Ashwin Shekher composed the music for K. Balachander s Sahana , a television series .
 Ashwin Shekher collaborated with Playing for Change , on the album Songs Around The World , .
 Ashwin Shekher has performed with world renowned musicians and Composers like Sir Elton John
Bhagavathar was born in Mundaya village near Shoranur , Palghat , Kerala , India and was a renowned Carnatic vocalist .
 Bhagavathar took Bhagavathar early gurukulavasam with Palghat Anantarama Bhagavathar as well as Carnatic exponents like Maha Vaidyanatha Iyer .
 Bhagavathar father , Kasturi Ranganathan was an Adhikari Rangan Pattar or a Revenue Collector in British India who was called Adhikari Rangan Pattar .
 Adhikari Rangan Pattar first Carnatic concert was at the Kalpathy Kasi Viswanatha Swamy Temple and so was Adhikari Rangan Pattar last concert .
 Adhikari Rangan Pattar launched the Palghat edition of the Thyagaraja Aradhana at Kalpathi Ram Dhyana Madom .
 Adhikari Rangan Pattar died in May 1957 in Kalpathi , Kerala .
 Adhikari Rangan Pattar wife , Rugmani Ammal , died in 1991 .
 The couple had seven sons : Adhikari Rangan Pattar , Seshamani , Venkataramanan , Viswanathan , Lakshminarayanan , Sankaran and Krishnan .
They also had 3 daughters - Mangalam , Kanakam and Jayam
Nirmala Rajasekar is an Indian Saraswati veena player in the Carnatic music style .
 Nirmala Vainika Nirmala Rajasekar is a world-renowned performer and a teacher of Carnatic Music as well .
 The press has often described Nirmala Vainika Nirmala Rajasekar as a Carnatic Ambassador because Nirmala Vainika Nirmala Rajasekar has introduced Carnatic Music to many other art forms of the world .
 Nirmala Vainika Nirmala Rajasekar feels that ... music is the universal language of the world ... and that it must be shared .
 Nirmala Rajasekar began Nirmala Vainika Nirmala Rajasekar training in the Veena at age 6 in Chennai from well known practitioners such as Sri Deva Kottai Narayana Iyengar and Basavangudi Smt .
Kamala Aswathama .
 After moving to Bangalore , Kamala Aswathama . learned at the Gana Mandira School in Basavangudi Smt .
G Chennama and Smt .
E. P. Alamelu .
 At this time , the violin Vidwan Sri A. D. Zachariah guided Kamala Aswathama . , and Kamala Aswathama . began Kamala Aswathama . career as a soloist at age 13 .
 Later in Chennai , Kamala Aswathama . was guided by the revered veena vidushi Smt .
 Kalpakam Swaminathan with whom Kamala Aswathama . continues to study .
Her vocal Gurus are Sri B.Sitarama Sarma and Sri T.R. Subramanyam .
 Nirmala Vainika Nirmala Rajasekar has performed in many prestigious venues such as the United Nations and Carnegie Hall , New York City , USA ; Northrope Auditorium , Minneapolis , MN ; Walker Arts Center , Minneapolis , MN ; BBC , London , England ; Kongresshaus , Zurich , Switzerland ; Musee Rietberg , Zurich , Switzerland ; Bali , Indonesia ; Music Academy , Chennai , India ; Naradha Gana Sabha , Chennai , India ; Chembur Fine Arts , Mumbai , India ; Bangalore Gayana Samaja , Chennai , India and the Ravindra Kalakshethra , Bangalore , India .
 The temple elephant Nirmala is the artistic director of the school Naadha Rasa , Center for Carnatic Music .
The words Naadha Rasa means the essence of tone .
 The temple elephant Nirmala school brings Carnatic Music around the entire state of Minnesota , from the famous Minnesota State Fair to the local libraries .
 The temple elephant Nirmala also teaches Carnatic Music in many schools and colleges around the world .
 The temple elephant Nirmala has judged numerous music contests around America .
 The temple elephant Nirmala has received much recognition for The temple elephant Nirmala contributions to the music world , for not only performing and teaching Carnatic Music , but also for introducing it to other art forms in the world .
 Today , The temple elephant Nirmala is one of the leading veena artists .
 In 1990 The temple elephant Nirmala was given the topnotch ranking of ' A grade Artist ' by All India Radio India 's premier gradations boards .
 The temple elephant Nirmala was selected as a BUSH Artistic fellow in 2006 by the Bush Foundation thus becoming the first Indian classical musician to receive this honor .
 Chennai , India Association of Minnesota chose The temple elephant Nirmala to receive their 2008 Achievement award - The temple elephant Nirmala received this at a special event in March 2008 from the First lady of the State of Minnesota for The temple elephant Nirmala work as a performer , composer , teacher and for building bridges among various communities in the State of Minnesota .
 The temple elephant Nirmala is also a McKnight Fellow , awarded by the McKnight Foundation .
 The temple elephant Nirmala has received several grants and commissions including Artists Initiative and Cultural Collaboration Grants from the Minnesota State Arts board , Composers ' grants from the Jerome Foundation , Playwrights Center , St.Olaf College and Compas .
 The temple elephant Nirmala was invited in July 2008 to write for the new music ensemble Zeitgeist .
 The temple elephant Nirmala created the work Thillana Shuffle for quartet on this occasion .
 Several organizations in Chennai , India have felicitated Nirmala for The temple elephant Nirmala contributions to the world of music .
 The Rotary Club of the midtown Trichy awarded the midtown Trichy a Vocational Excellence award in December 2008 .
 the midtown Trichy was given a Best of the festival concert award in Jan 2009 for the Winter music festival by the Indian Fine Arts Society .
In Jan 2007 , the India-based arts journal Apoorva Ragam bestowed upon Nirmala the title ` Veena Sudar Oli ' .
 India-based was conferred with another award and honored with the title ` Nadha Kala Vipanchee ' by Dr. M. Balamuralikrishna .
 Nirmala Rajasekars first solo album was Melodic Expressions and was released in Chennai , India .
 In 2004 , Nirmala Rajasekars released Nirmala Rajasekars second album , Strings in Unison a veena/violin duet with Sri Mullaivasal G. Chandramouli .
 In 2007 , Nirmala Rajasekars released Nirmala Rajasekars third album , Song of the Veena in Nirmala Rajasekars homestate of Minnesota , USA .
The album was released under the American Composers Forum label Innova Recordings .
When the cd was released , it was met with much appreciation from the public .
 In 2010 , Nirmala Vainika Nirmala Rajasekar released Nirmala Vainika Nirmala Rajasekar fourth album , Into the Raga .
 It was recorded in Chennai , India , but was primarily release by the label the label Innova Recordings Recordings .
The cd also features Shri B.V. Ragavendhra Rao on violin , Shri Tanjavur K. Murugaboopathi on mridangam and Shri V. Suresh on ghatam .
 With the famous American poet Robert Bly , The temple elephant Nirmala has recorded a cd of poetry and music called Poems of Mirabai .
 In the collaborative project , Nirmala Vainika Nirmala Rajasekar tuned Mirabais poetry , and Robert Bly translated them to English .
 One of the poems Nirmala Vainika Nirmala Rajasekar tuned , Mayi Re Meh Tho Liyo , has been done in the ragam Desh , and it is considered to be one of her trademark songs .
 In another project , Nirmala Rajasekar was featured on the cd , The words Naadha Rasa will heal the wound a release by Speakeasy Records in Minnesota .
In the documentary film Vishnu : The temple elephant Nirmala not only did the music , but co-authored it as well .
 In 2011 , The temple elephant Nirmala was a featured artist on the Grammy-award winning ensemble , Sounds of Blackness s self-titled album .
It went on to win two NAACP Image Awards , Outstanding World Music Album of the Year and Outstanding Collaborative Album of the Year .
Nirmala Rajasekar has been praised by the press countless times .
 Nirmala Vainika Nirmala Rajasekar has often appeared in such newspapers like The New York Times and The Statesman .
A few comments are written below : .
 A hallmark of Nirmala 's art is a vibrant vocal presence in the music of The temple elephant Nirmala Veena - The Indian Express , Chennai , India .
 `` The temple elephant Nirmala literally makes the Veena sing '' - The Statesman , New Delhi , Chennai , India .
 `` With Professional Grace ... - The Hindu , Chennai , Chennai , India .
`` Nirmala Rajasekars veena concert made certain things immediately plain .
 Nirmala Rajasekars veena concert must have actively pursued this instrument over the years -- a genuine lifelong passion -- to attain this present level of expertise and self-confidence , which combined well with Nirmala Rajasekars veena concert presentation methods . ''
- Hindu.com .
 `` Chaste and sumptuous Kiravani from Nirmala Vainika Nirmala Rajasekar regaled the audience with sumptuous Kiravani exemplary performance at Narada Gana Sabha Hall .
- chennaionline.com
Vadi , in both Hindustani classical music and Carnatic music , is the dominant swara of a given raga .
 Vadi is the most sonant or most important note of a Raga .
 Vadi does not refer to the most played note but Vadi rather refers to a note of special significance .
It is usually the swara which is repeated the greatest number of times , and often it is the swara on which the singer can pause for a significant time .
Vadi swara in a raga is like a king in a kingdom .
 Specialty of any raga depends on vadi swara and because of Vadi , the vadi swara is also called the Jeeva swara or the Ansha swara .
A good artist uses vadi swara in different ways like singing vadi swara again and again , starting a raga with vadi swara , to end a raga with vadi swara , singing vadi swara many times in important places with different swaras or sometime singing vadi swara for a longer time in one breath .
Vadi swara is also helpful to identify the time of singing or playing a raga .
If vadi swara of a raga is from purvanga part of saptak i.e. `` Sa Re Ga Ma '' , then it is called as purvanga vadi raga and usually time for singing or playing purvanga vadi ragas are from 12 pm to 12 am for example ragas like Bhimpalasi , Pilu , Purvi , Marwa , Yaman , Bhoopal , and Bageshree etc. have purvanga vadi swara and so the time for singing and playing these ragas is between 12 pm to 12 am .
In the same way if vadi swara of a raga is from utranga part of spatak i.e. `` Pa Dha Ni '' then it is called as utranga vadi raga and time for singing or playing utranga vadi ragas is from 12 am to 12 pm .
 For example ragas like Bhairav , Bhairav , Bilawal , Kalingada , Sohini , and Asavari etc. have utranga vadi swara and so the time for singing or playing these raagas is between 12 am to 12 pm .
 Vadi swara , along with the Samvadi swara of a raga , usually brings out the uniqueness of the raga and the Samvadi swara of a raga bhava and rasa
The ghatam is a percussion instrument used in the Carnatic music of South India .
 the south Indian ghatam variant is played in Punjab and is known as gharha as is a part of Punjabi folk traditions .
 Its variant analogue in Rajasthan is known as the madga and pani mataqa .
The ghatam is one of the most ancient percussion instruments of South India .
 the south Indian ghatam is a clay pot with narrow mouth .
From the mouth , it slants outwards to form a ridge .
Made mainly of clay backed with brass or copper filings with a small amount of iron filings , the size of the ghatam varies according to its pitch .
The pitch can be slightly altered by the application of plasticize clay or water .
Although the ghatam is the same shape as an ordinary Indian domestic clay pot , it is made specifically to be played as an instrument .
The tone of the pot must be good and the walls should be of even thickness to produce an even tone .
Ghatams are mostly manufactured in Manamadurai , a place near Madurai in Tamil Nadu .
Though this instrument is manufactured in other places like Chennai and Bangalore , too , Manamadurai ghatams have special tonal quality .
It is believed that the mud is of special quality .
The Manamadurai ghatam is a heavy , thick pot with tiny shards of brass mixed into the clay .
This type of ghatam is harder to play but produces a sharp metallic ringing sound which is favored by some players .
The pot is usually placed on the lap of the performer , with the mouth facing the belly .
 The performer uses the fingers , thumbs , palms , and heels of the hands to strike an ordinary Indian domestic clay pot outer surface to produce different sounds .
Different tones can be produced by hitting areas of the pot with different parts of the hands .
Sometimes the ghatam is turned around so that the mouth faces the audience and the performer plays on the neck of the instrument .
The ghatam can be moved to other positions while being played .
Occasionally , the performer will , to the amusement of the audience , toss the instrument up in the air and catch it .
The ghatam is ideal for playing rhythmic patterns in very fast tempo .
The word ghata in Sanskrit means pot .
Variations of this term are used in modern Indian languages .
The madga is a north Indian version of the south Indian ghatam and is made from a very special clay .
The maker sometimes adds some kind of metal or graphite dust to the clay which is responsible for the blue/gray looking and for the special sound .
The madga can be played similarly to the ghatam .
The extreme bass volume can be produced if one hits with the flat hand the opening at the top of the instrument .
The madga can be played with mallets and there are many sounds which can be produced with this instrument .
It is thinner than a ghatam but very stable and not as fragile as one might think .
 This clay pot in Gujarat known as matka features an almost perfectly round shape and is made in many villages in and around Jaipur and Gujarat known as matka .
The matka is used to store water and sometimes yogurt and can be used as a cooking vessel .
 When used as a musical instrument in folk music , it is known as ghara and is played in a similar manner as the South Indian ghatam but the technique and rhythmic style is not as refined as that of Carnatic ghatam .
Another difference is that the ghara is often traditionally played with metal rings on the thumbs , index , middle , and ring fingers of both hands .
There are a few versions of this instrument .
 Some are made from a black clay that typically comes from a single area in Rajasthan while many others in Rajasthan and Gujarat known as matka are made from a reddish clay .
A third version of the ghara is made from reddish clay but features a much flatter , squat shape .
Both of the red clay types can also be found highly decorated with colorfully painted designs while the black ones are usually plain and unfinished .
The black gharas are extremely light but very dense and have a huge sound .
The shell tones ring in a bell-like fashion with much more of a sustain than the various South Indian ghatams .
The bass tones of this instrument are very prominent .
Since these instruments are fired at a much higher temperature for a longer time than South Indian ghatams , there is more consistency between instruments in terms of Western pitch .
 In other words , there is much less variation in the tuning when compared with Ghatams from South India , which can range from a low B up to a high A chromatically .
 The black gharas or matkas are usually found with a range from approximately C or C # to D although there does not seem to be any indication that these instruments are constructed with tuning considerations .
 Other spellings for The matka include mutkay and madga
Poochi Srinivasa Iyengar , also known as Ramanathapuram Srinivasa Iyengar , was a singer and composer of Carnatic music .
 Poochi Srinivasa Iyengar was born in Ramanathapuram in Tamil Nadu on August 16 , 1860 .
 Poochi Srinivasa Iyengar studied music under Patnam Subramania Iyer , a singer of Carnatic music and came in the sishya parampara of Saint Thyagaraja .
 Poochi Srinivasa Iyengar had a large number of disciples , of whom the most popular was Ariyakudi Ramanuja Iyengar .
 Poochi Srinivasa Iyengar composed over 100 songs and used the mudra Srinivasa in Poochi Srinivasa Iyengar compositions .
 Poochi Srinivasa Iyengar died on July 20 , 1919
The Sangita-Ratnakara of Sharngadeva is one of the most important musicological texts from India , which both Hindustani music and Carnatic music regard as a definitive text .
The text is also known as Saptadhyayi as it is divided into seven chapters .
 The first six chapters , The Svaragatadhyaya , Ragavivekadhyaya , Prakirnakadhyaya , Prabandhadhyaya , Taladhyaya and Vadyadhyaya deal with the various aspects of music and musical instruments while the last chapter Nartanadhyaya deals with dance .
The significant commentaries on the text include the Sangitasudhakara of Simhabhupala and the Kalanidhi of Kallinatha .
This work was written by Sarngadeva in the end of thirteenth century .
The author was attached to the court of Yadava King Singhana , whose capital was Devagiri .
 As the title indicates the work deals with the subject of the Sangita Ratnakara .
 the Sangita Ratnakara is defined as a composite art consisting of Gita , Vadyadhyaya and Nrtta .
 the Sangita Ratnakara is of two kinds .
Marga-sangita and Desi-sangita .
Marga-sangita is nothing but the Natya performed by Bharata and his disciples .
 This performance of Bharata also consists of Gita , Vadyadhyaya and Nrtta .
Desi-sangita represented a tradition different from Marga and it varied from region to region .
 Sarngadeva aim in this work is to describe primarily the Desi-sangita .
The aspects of Marga-sangita are also described to some extent .
 The work is divided into seven chapters covering the aspects Gita , Vadyadhyaya and Nrtta .
The seven chapters are : .
The Svaragatadhyaya is further divided into eight prakarana-s or sections .
 The author commences with an account of The author genealogy i.e. , about The author family and the Kingdom where they lived .
 The author also declares that among the three constituents of the Sangita Ratnakara , Gita is primary and the most important .
 Hence the treatment of Gita is taken up by The author first .
 The author also gives a list of ancient writers on music and related arts from whose work The author has drawn out the essence and presented in Sangitaratnakara .
Some of them are Bharata , Kasyapa , Matanga , Kohala , Visakhila , Dattila , Abhinavagupta , Somesvara .
 After some verses extolling the greatness of Gita , the author gives a list of topics to be dealt with in each chapter .
 This section describes the genesis of the human body from This section conception to This section growth .
The reason for this information to be included is that , Nada is produced in the human body , hence the body has to be described .
The physiological account of the human body is given next according to the Ayurveda system .
This is followed by the indication of chakra-s , energy centres , based on the yogic school .
By concentrating on some of these cakra-s one could attain great heights in music .
 This prakarana describes how Nada arises in the human body and how the Nada manifesting in the three Sthana-s or places in the human body Hrd , Kantha and Murdha gives rise to Mandra , Madhya and Tara varieties .
In each Sthana because of the presence of twenty-two Nadi-s , twenty-two Sruti - s are produced .
Sruti-s are units of tonal interval with which the interval of a Svara is measured .
Hence the Svara-s are described next .
After describing the intervals of the Suddha-svara-s those of the Vikrta-svara-s are given .
 the Suddha-svara-s conform to the arrangements of the seven svara-s of the Sadja-murcchana of Sadjagrama .
The Vikrta-svara-s differ from this arrangement .
There are seven Suddha and twelve Vikrta-svara-s , as shown in the table .
The seven Svara-s are also associated with the songs uttered by the various birds and animals e.g. Sadja with the voice of peacock .
The four kinds of roles that svaras play in a melodic structure , namely , Vadi , Samvadi , Vivadi and Anuvadi are described next .
Finally the association of Svara-s with different Castes , Colours , Islands , Seers , Chanda , Aesthetic tastes are given .
This prakarana deals with Grama , Murcchana , Krama and Tana .
Three Gramas are described - Sadja-grama , Madhyama-grama and Gandhara-grama .
The names of the Seven Murcchana-s in each Grama are also given .
Among the tanas there are two kinds - Suddha and Kuta .
Suddha-tana is a Murcchana devoid of one or two svara-s .
Kuta-tana-s are those varieties of Murcchanas in which the svaras occur in a disorderly way e.g. , s g r m p d n. Those varieties in which svara-s are present in an order are called Krama-s .
Sadharana is of two kinds Svara-sadharana Jati-sadharana .
 Sadharana means being common to two or more elements .
When an extra svara occurs within the region between two svara-s then it is called sadharana svara .
 Such svara-s are seen to occur in the region between Gandhara and Madhyama and between Nisada and e.g. Sadja .
Jati-sadharana deals with two jatis belonging to the same grama and having the same amsa and that consequently share similar scale formation .
The sixth prakarana is on Varna and Alankara .
Varna-s denote the different kinds of movements that a melodic line can take .
There are four varnas -- Sthayi , Arohi , Avarohi and Sancari .
Alankara-s are ornamental patterns of svara-s that decorate a melodic line .
Alankara-s are classified under the four Varna-s .
are described .
In addition seven more Alankara are given .
 The The seventh prakarana is Jati-prakarana in which the laksana-s or characteristics of eighteen Jati-s are given .
These eighteen Jati-s are : .
 Before the description of the individual jati-s are furnished , the first seven are classified into ` seven Suddha and ` Vikrta and the remaining eleven as ` Samsaragaja .
The characteristics or the laksana-s that are used for a describing a Jati are the same ten as mentioned in Brhaddesi .
ii -RRB- Amsa : the predominant svara that formed the tonic and also frequently occurred in the melody .
iii -RRB- Tara : the svara in the higher register up to which the melodic movement could .
iv -RRB- Mandra : the svara in the lower register up to which the melodic movement could descend .
v -RRB- Nyasa : the svara on which a song finally concludes .
vi -RRB- Apanyasa : the svara on which the section of the song can conclude .
vii -RRB- Alpatva : the svara , which should be sparingly used or rendered weak .
viii -RRB- Bahutva : svara , which is strong and frequently used .
ix -RRB- Sadava : the svara , which could be omitted to render the jati in six notes .
x -RRB- Auduva : those two svara-s , which could be dropped to render the jati in five svara-s .
After the description of the Jati-s the author gives the notation of a song based on one of the Amsa svara-s of the Jati .
A song for each of the eighteen Jati-s is given .
The last prakarana is called the Giti-prakarana .
 Although The last prakarana is named thus The last prakarana takes up the treatment of certain musical forms called Kapala and Kambala first and then goes on to the Giti-s .
 The Kapala songs are based on some derivatives of Jati-s and Kapala and Kambala are made up of words describing the fierce form of Lord Siva .
In the second part of this prakarana , the Giti-s are described .
Giti is a kind of variation brought about through changes in the duration of certain element of a song .
 There are two kinds of Giti .
Pada-giti : It relates to the text of the song and denotes the change in the duration of the syllables of the text in a song .
Tala-giti : This relates to the change in the duration the Kriya-s or actions of a tala .
The second chapter describes the Raga - s .
 The Raga-s are divided into Marga and Desi .
 Among the Margaraga-s there are six varieties -- Gramaraga , Uparaga , Raga , Bhasa , Vibhasa and Antarabhasa , The four kinds of desi ragas are Raga , Bhasa , Upanga and Kriyanga .
 Gramaragas resemble the Jati-s closely and the Jati-s are further classified on the basis of the different melodic styles characterising the Jati-s .
 These styles are called Giti and are of five kinds -- seven Suddha , Bhinna , Gaudi , Sadharani and Vesara .
In all , there are thirty-three Gramaraga-s .
 Uparaga-s and The Raga-s are closer to thirty-three Gramaraga-s .
Bhasa-s , Vibhasa-s and Antarabhasa-s are derivatives of Gramaraga-s and Uparaga-s and represent different tunes of the parent Raga .
 derivatives of Gramaraga-s are derivatives of Gramaraga-s and Bhasanga-s are derivatives of Bhasa-s , Vibhasa-s and Antarabhasa-s .
Kriyanga-s are certain melodic themes employed in dramatic performances portraying different kinds of emotions .
In this chapter Sarngadeva deals primarily with the Desiraga-s .
 In addition the Desiraga-s describes the parent Bhasa and the source Gramaraga-s .
 Under each Gramaraga each Gramaraga gives in notation a song called Aksiptika based on that Raga .
The third chapter deals with a variety of topics .
They are -- a -RRB- The characteristics Vaggeyakara-s .
 The characteristics Vaggeyakara-s are composers of both the melody and text of a song .
b -RRB- Guna-Dosa : The characteristics of different kinds of Voice ; Merits and Demerits of Men singer , Lady singer , Sabda and Sarira .
c -RRB- Gamaka : There are fifteen kinds of Gamaka-s , namely the kinds of shake or oscillations that svaras can be endowed with .
d -RRB- Sthaya : There are ninety-six kinds of Sthaya-s , which represent the feelings or effects associated with raga phrases .
Prabandha represents a collection of musical forms described in terms of two aspects , namely , Dhatu and Anga .
 Dhatu denotes the different sections , which are , at a maximum , five : .
These cover the three aspects of Music - Melody , Tala and the text .
Suda prabandha-s are further divided into two groups .
 This chapter could be divided into 2 sections , one dealing with Marga tala-s the other with Desi talas .
The different aspects of these tala-s like the time units - Laghu , Guru and Pluta - , the Kriya-s ; the different forms of a tala like Ekakala Dvikala and Catuskala are described along with the Margatala-s .
In this section is also included the description of musical forms called ` Gitaka-s .
Gitaka-s musical forms are set in a temporal framework defined in terms of the margatala structures .
 After These the Desitala-s used in the prabandhas , which total around 120 , are described .
In the sixth chapter come the four classes of musical instruments .
 ii -RRB- Susira - Literally those of the Vikrta-svara-s with holes , i.e. , the wind instruments .
iii -RRB- Avanaddha - Literally covered i.e. , drums constructed as vessels covered by stretched membranes .
iv -RRB- Ghana - Literally dense objects i.e. , solid pieces like Bell , Cymbals etc. .
For these Vadya-s not only the construction but also the technique of playing and the compositions played on them are described .
Some of the instruments under the four categories are : .
a -RRB- Tata - Ekatantri , Citra , Vipanci , Mattakokila , Alapini , Kinnari .
 The The seventh and the last chapter is in two parts .
The first one deals with Nartana .
 The term Nartana is a common term representing the arts of Nrtta , Nrtya and Natya based on the movements of the limbs of the body .
 However only the aspects of Nrtta is relevant to the Sangita Ratnakara .
 The various elements of Nrtta like Hasta , Karana , Anga and Cari are described and also the characteristics of a good dancer and teacher .
 The different kinds of performance of sangita involving the three aspects of Gita , Vadyadhyaya and Nrtta are described .
 Some of These are - Suddha-paddhati and Gaundali-vidhi .
 In the second part of this chapter , the author describes the Nine Rasa-s , namely , Srngara , Vira , Hasya , Raudra , Adbhuta , Karuna , Bhayanaka , Rasa-s and santa .
 Rasa-s represent the different tastes that are evoked in the audience by the human feelings that transpire in the performance of the Sangita Ratnakara .
 The court of the Yadavas of Devagiri , in which the Sangita Ratnakara was written , had an impressive history of patronage of the arts , literature and science that provided Sharngadeva with a conducive environment for scholarship .
 Bhaskaracharya , the outstanding mathematician and astronomer produced Bhaskaracharya Siddhanta-Siromani , an exposition on algebra , shortly before Yadava independence .
 Bhaskaracharya son Lakshmidhara was an astrologer in Jaitugus court and His son Lakshmidhara grandson , Changadeva , held the same position during Singhanas time .
 In 1207 , Singhana established school for the study of the works of Bhaskaracharya .
The aforementioned Changadeva was head of the school .
 Anantadeva , Changadevas cousin , was also a great astronomer in Singhanas court .
 Anantadeva produced a commentary on the Brhadjataka , an ancient text on astrology , and a discussion on the Brahmasphutasiddhanta of Brahmagupta , a 7th-century text on mathematics .
 In the time after Singhanas rule , Hemadri , a high administrator in the Devagiri court , wrote an incredibly detailed treatise on religious practice called the Caturvarga-Cintamani .
 Bopadeva , one of Hemadris contemporaries , wrote a number scholarly works while in the Devagiri court , including more than one book on Ayurveda and a commentary on the Bhagavata purana , a religious text .
 Jnanadeva wrote Bopadeva Jnanesvari , an important piece of early Marathi literature , under the rule of the later Yadava Kings .
 Clearly , the Devagiri court was an accommodating environment for scholarly endeavors .
 Sangitaratnakara is a very important text and this is evident from the fact that many commentaries were written on it .
 The famous ones are Sangitasudhakara of Simbabhupala and the Kalanidhi of Kallinatha of Kallinatha .
 Sangitaratnakara is to a great extent a compilation of the information found in earlier works like Natyasastra , Dattilam , Brhaddesi , Sarasvati-hrdayalankara-hara and is greatly influenced by the commentary of Abhinavagupta on Natyasastra .
On the other hand the work made a great impact on almost all the writers in the subsequent period .
Thus it forms a useful bridge between the ancient and the medieval periods .
 Sarngadeva called himself Nih , sanka i.e. , ` doubtless .
 Sarngadeva also names a stringed instrument as Nih,sanka-Vina and Desi-tala as Nih,sanka-tala .
This book is a great landmark in the history of Indian Music
Palghat T.S. Mani Iyer was one of the leading mridangists in the field of Carnatic music and the first mridangist to win the Sangeetha Kalanidhi and .
 Palghat T.S. Mani Iyer was born and raised in the old Kalpathy village of Palakkad , Kerala .
 Palghat T.S. Mani Iyer first studied with Palghat Subba Iyer , Kalpathy Viswanatha Iyer and later with Thanjavur Vaidyanatha Iyer .
Mani Iyer came into prominence after accompanying Chembai Vaidanatha Bagavathar in a music concert at Madras .
 Mani Iyer accompanied all the leading vocal artists of Palghat T.S. Mani Iyer era .
 Palghat T.S. Mani Iyer was also the guru for later mridangam players such as Late Palghat R. Raghu , Late Mavelikkara Velukkutty Nair , Umayalpuram K. Sivaraman , Kamalakar Rao , Palghat Suresh , and Anand Subramaniam .
 Palghat T.S. Mani Iyer also taught mridangam to children at the Rishi Valley School started by Jiddu Krishnamurti .
Before Mani Iyer 's arrival in the music scene , the two mridangists Alaganambi Pillai and Dakshinamurthy Pillai , dominated the art of percussion playing .
The innovations of Mani Iyer changed the style of mridangam playing from just keeping beat for the main artists music to being an instrument in its own right .
A comment from Y. G. Doraisamy : It was Mani Iyer who started the now prevalent trend of the mridangam , not just keeping the time with tekkas and moras , but actively accompanying the musical phrasing , so as to be a rhythmic running commentary , reproducing on the drum all the subtleties and rhythmic complexities of the musical composition .
 Palghat R. Raghu , a disciple of Mani Iyer , describes Late Palghat R. Raghu guru as a genius in that Late Palghat R. Raghu showed music followers the manner of blending with the music of the main artist in handling the kritis of every conceivable mood and tempo .
 By Late Palghat R. Raghu consistent excellence Late Palghat R. Raghu could raise the concert to thrilling heights .
 Late Palghat R. Raghu also took Late Palghat R. Raghu arangetram at age of 8 .
 Late Palghat R. Raghu was the father of the noted carnatic musician Mrs Lalitha Sivakumar and was the grandfather of the noted singer Nithyasree Mahadevan
 Sukumar Prasad is a South Indian guitarist who was the first Carnatic musician to play the south Indian musical art form of Carnatic music on the electric guitar .
 Sukumar Prasad not only played Carnatic music on guitar but was a skilled mridangam artist who accompanied stalwarts including Alathur Srinivasa Iyer , M. Balamuralikrishna and T. R. Subramanyam .
 Sukumar Prasad began learning Carnatic music from a very young age from Sukumar Prasad uncle M. Chandrasekaran and mridangam with Trichy Sri .
Raghavan Iyer .
 In 1970 Raghavan Iyer . gave Raghavan Iyer . mridangam arangetram .
 In the early 1970s Raghavan Iyer . began playing Carnatic music on the guitar and in 1981 Raghavan Iyer . was honored by the Music Academy , Madras for having adapted the western instrument guitar to Carnatic .
 A cassette exists of Raghavan Iyer . from 1985 playing several Carnatic standards , including one of the compositions for which Raghavan Iyer . became renowned , Brova Barama .
 A cassette is currently out of print.He is the son of Chennais famous cost accountant Mr Padma Renganathan and Padma Renganathan .
 It is learnt that he had associated himself with the Adi Parasakthi Peetam in Melmaruvattur , Chennai.He was with Price Water House , Chennais .
 The details of Prasads disappearance from the Carnatic music scene are hazy at best , and many famed artists and scholars are unfamiliar with Carnatic contribution to Carnatic music .
 Carnatic toured the U.S. in 1988 and in Australia in 1989 , but sometime shortly after Carnatic disappeared from the music scene .
 Poovalur Sriji , mridangam artist and professor at the University of North Texas postulated that , One reason , I think , is Poovalur Sriji was too trendy for the 1970s conservative audience .
 Institutions like the Academy wont give Poovalur Sriji stage as Poovalur Sriji was not traditional as Emani Sankara Sastry and Chitti Babu were since Emani Sankara Sastry and Chitti Babu used contact microphones ... I have accompanied Poovalur Sriji in many concerts , most of Emani Sankara Sastry and Chitti Babu wedding events .
Sukumar Prasad received a degree from the Indian Institute of Technology , Madras
K. Bhaskaran is an Indian Carnatic music flautist .
 K. Bhaskaran was born on 30 April 1961 to Lakshmi Krishnamurthi and K. Krishnamurthi , and brought up in Mylapore , in the city of Ethnomusicology Chennai .
 K. Bhaskaran started formally learning the flute from Mayavaram Saraswathi Ammal , popularly known as Mayavaram Papaa , when K. Bhaskaran was 10 years of age , after picking up the basics through family guidance .
 K. Bhaskaran performed K. Bhaskaran first public concert at the Madras Music Academy , on September 26 , 1978 .
 K. Bhaskaran also learnt from other vidwans formally , including S. Rajam and professor T. R. Subramanian of Delhi University .
 K. Bhaskaran had also undergone basic mridangam training for a brief period from Kumbakonam Rajappa Iyer .
 K. Bhaskaran also has a long association with renowned flute maestro N. Ramani , and has performed concerts in K. Bhaskaran flute academy .
 K. Bhaskaran initial education was at P.S. High School , Mylapore , and K. Bhaskaran did K. Bhaskaran P.U.C. at Vivekananda College .
This was followed by a B.Tech degree in Chemical Engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology , Madras .
 K. Bhaskaran has been a regular Kutcheri performer in Ethnomusicology Chennai , and has been playing concerts since 1978 during the annual Madras Music Season every December .
 Besides This , K. Bhaskaran has given concerts in Mumbai , Nagpur , Kerala , Andhra Pradesh , Karnataka and several other places in India .
 K. Bhaskaran has also performed in USA during the 1993-1994 period .
 K. Bhaskaran next tour of the US is scheduled to be held in June 2011 .
 K. Bhaskaran has been accompanied by several stalwarts such as M.S. Anantharaman , A. Kanyakumari , Umayalpuram K Sivaraman , T. V. Gopalakrishnan , Guruvayur Dorai and other renowned Carnatic musicians .
 Apart from traditional Kutcheris , K. Bhaskaran has also played at other events , such as the ProShow at Saarang , the cultural festival of Indian Institute of Technology Technology , Madras , in 2005 .
 traditional Kutcheris has also given a performance organized by the Centre for Ethnomusicology Ethnomusicology Chennai and the Japanese Consulate in Oct 2009 , and performed for visiting Japanese musicians in 2010 .
 In May 2010 , traditional Kutcheris performed a fundraiser concert , Akshaya 2010 , accompanied by Special Thavil artiste Haridwaramangalam A. K. Palanivel .
This was in aid of Udavum Karangal .
 K. Bhaskaran , an A graded radio artiste , has performed several times on national radio and television .
 The most notable of these include National Sangeet Sammelan programmes on All India Radio in 1997 and 2000 , AIR National Programme of Music in 2004 and National Programme of Music in 2004 on Doordarshan , in 2008 .
 National Sangeet Sammelan also appeared on DD Podhigai TV in the fortnightly interactive lecture-demonstration show , Kalaiodu Naan .
 K. Bhaskaran has done a lot of research on the use of computers in music .
 K. Bhaskaran created a mathematical model for the creation of Kalpanaswara through software , and developed a computer program for it .
 K. Bhaskaran published a technical paper on this in the Computer Society of India Communications , in 1986 and presented the music aspects of this work , in the Annual Musicians conference at the Karnataka Ganakala Parishat Bangalore , Jan 1984 .
 K. Bhaskaran has written articles on this topic in several publications .
 K. Bhaskaran has received two fellowships from the Department of Culture , Government of India , the Junior Research Fellowship awardee for outstanding artistes - 1992 - 1994 , for research in arts , ` Fabrication of fibre-glass flute and research in other areas ' and Senior Research Fellowship awardee for one year 2002-2003 , from Dept of Culture , in technology and arts , Interactive Multimedia CD project on mathematics in laya and pallavis .
 Recently , K. Bhaskaran has successfully used the Shankavadyam , an ancient Indian instrument , as a concert instrument .
 K. Bhaskaran has given demonstrations about this on radio and television .
 Apart from being a performer , K. Bhaskaran has also worked in the software industry in India for over 20 years .
Recently , he has started creativity modelling programmes for employees and students under the banner Mindware , using extensive inputs from music .
He also held a patent for an improved Murukku making machine , which he invented when he was in college
 The chande is a drum used in the traditional and classical music of South India and particularly in Karnataka Sangeta .
It provides rhythmic accompaniment in several dance dramas of South India such as Yakshagana .
It follows the Yakshagana Tala system .
The rhythms are based on pre-classical music forms , folk groves and some rhythms are similar to Karnataka Sangeta and to lesser extent Hindustani Sangeetha .
There are different varieties in this instrument .
Two major varieties are the Badagu Thittu Chande and the Thenku Thittu Chande .
 The latetr is also spelt as chenda and is used exclusively in the art forms of southern costal Karnataka Sangeta and Kerala .
 This article deals with Badagu Thittu Chande used exclusively in Yakshagana of Karnataka Sangeta .
 The chande used in Badagu Thittu is structurally and acoustically different from chenda used in Kerala .
In ancient Hindu sculpture , painting , and mythology , the chande is often depicted as the instrument used to declare war .
This instrument can produce complicated rhythms that can be heard from more than 3 km .
 However the Badagu Thittu Chande is the relatively recent addition to Yakshagana orchestra .
It is believed it came to be used since 150 or so years ago .
Its body is constructed from wood of the jackfruit tree .
The body is called goodu in Kannada .
Chande players follow the Yakshagana system of talas .
There are similarities to the Karnataka Sangeetha talas .
 The rhythm system The rhythm system has pre-classical origins .
The circular drum head is made of processed cow skin .
Usually there are 12 hinges that hold the drum head to the wooden trunk using thick ropes .
Typical drum head size is about 32 cms and about 23 cms inner diameter .
Playing area of drum head is about 20 cms in diameter .
Wedges inserted inside the ropes are twisted to tighten or loosen the drum head while tuning .
A tubular wooden wedge is tied to edge of the drum head to roll using dominant hand .
Traditionally the chande must be tuned to an octave above singers tonic .
 The chande is played resting it vertically on the floor using Two sticks .
 the Badagu Thittu Chande sticks are drum sticks called chande kolu in Kannada .
These are specially made for chande .
The shape and thickness varies along the stick .
Left hand and right hand sticks are differently shaped .
 These typical length is 28 cms .
Actual length varies based on drum head diameter .
The sticks are flexible and are usually made from a type of bamboo .
The head of the stick used for the dominant hand is thicker and the body tapers and the end where the hand grips the stick is of normal size .
The other stick is slightly thicker and less tapered .
The dominant stick usually rests on the wedge of the drum head and the stick is rolled to produce the fluttering sound .
It is this feature that gives chande an advantage of producing multiple fillers in between the beats that hands or fingers usually will not be able to produce on drums .
It is played in a forceful manner .
The chande groves form what is called the Yakshagana Tala .
 The students of the Badagu Thittu Chande have to learn some rudiments to be able to master playing chande .
 These include the following .
 and These combination .
 For advanced performances Chande players learn double and triple rolling
The Tamil Trinity commonly refers to the three Tamil composers of early Carnatic music .
They were Muthu Thandavar , Arunachala Kavi and Marimutthu Pillai , and lived five decades before the Tiruvarur Trinity or Trinity of Carnatic Music .
They introduced several innovations that led to the evolution of the Carnatic Kriti .
Also sometimes referred to as the Tamil Trinity was the earliest Trinity associated with Indian Music .
They were the peerless Tevaram Trinity - Thirunavukkarasar , Sundarar and Gnanasambandar , who were well known for their language and devotion
Salaga Bhairavi is a ragam in Carnatic music .
It is a janya ragam from the 22nd melakarta scale Kharaharapriya .
It is a janya scale , as it does not have all the seven swaras in the ascending scale .
 It is a combination of the pentatonic scale Shuddha Saveri and the sampurna raga scale the 22nd melakarta scale Kharaharapriya .
 According to the Muthuswami Dikshitar school , this scale is of shadava-sampoorna type derived from the 22nd melakarta scale Kharaharapriya scale .
Salaga Bhairavi is an asymmetric ragam that does not contain gandharam or nishadham in the ascending scale .
It is an audava-sampurna ragam .
Its arohana-avarohana structure is as follows : .
The notes used in this scale are shadjam , chatusruti rishabham , shuddha madhyamam , panchamam and chatusruti dhaivatam in ascending scale , with kaisiki nishadham and sadharana gandharam included in descending scale .
 For the details of the notations and terms , see swaras in Carnatic music .
There are many compositions set to Salaga Bhairavi ragam .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam
N Vijay Siva is an eminent Carnatic music singer , and is the disciple of the vocalist , D. K. Jayaraman .
Vijay Siva was born to Akhila Siva and A.N.Siva on 29 March 1967 .
Vijay Siva went to Padma Seshadri Bala Bhavan Senior Secondary School , Chennai .
 N Vijay Siva graduated with a first class from Vivekananda College , Chennai and secured masters degree in Commerce from Madurai Kamarajar University .
 At the age of four , N Vijay Siva exhibited a rare intuitive capacity to identify ragas .
 Vijay Siva first learnt Carnatic music from N Vijay Siva mother , Akhila Siva , who was a vocal musician from Carnatic Music College , Chennai .
Vijay Siva later learnt music from D. K. Jayaraman and D. K. Pattammal .
Vijay Siva is also an accomplished mridangist , and received training from Kumbakonam Rajappa Iyer .
Vijay Siva has performed in all major sabhas all over India and has presented concerts in United States of America , Canada and Singapore .
 Vijay Siva has received in excess of 100 prizes for both Carnatic music and mridangam , including first Prize for Thevaram , Tiruvachakam and Thiruppugazh in 1974 and the coveted Rajaji Tamboora in 1981 from Tamil Isai Sangam , Chennai .
 N Vijay Siva also received first prizes in Classical and Light Classical Music Competitions which were conducted by AIR .
 N Vijay Siva was awarded titles like Isai Peroli from Karthik Fine Arts , and received the `` Youth Award for Excellence '' by Maharajapuram Viswanatha Iyer Trust in 1995 , and was the first recipient of `` Kalki Krishnamurthy Award '' presented by Kalki Krishnamurthy Memorial Trust , Chennai
 the Arohana , the Arohana or the Arohana , in the context of Indian classical music , is the ascending scale of notes in a raga .
The pitch increases as we go up from Shadja to the Taar Shadja , possibly in a crooked manner .
In Hindustani classical music , the ascending scales notes are S R G M P D and N. Lower forms of notes are written in lower case , like r g m d n , while the first scale given above is that of higher form of the notes .
The English notes C D E F G A and B correspond to S R G M P D and N , when C is taken as the tonal note .
In Carnatic music , the ascending scales notes for the variant notes R G M D and N have a subscript number indicating the specific variant .
 In Sankarabharanam ragam the Arohana is S R2 G3 M1 P D2 N3 S. See swaras in Carnatic music for explanation of notation .
In Abhogi ragam , which is a janya ragam of 22nd melakarta Kharaharapriya , the Arohana is S R2 G1 M1 D2 S .
In this ragam certain notes are excluded so the raga is totally changed
Karuna Cheyvan Enthu is a Malayalam keertanam composed by Irayimman Thampi on Guruvayurappan .
 Malayalam is set to Sri Ragam and Aadi Taalam .
 Malayalam was a favourite keertanam of Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar , an indispensable in all Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar concerts as well as the last keertanam Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar sang before Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar death on 16 October 1974 .
 Though originally set to Sri Ragam ragam , Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar popularised the composition by singing Though in Yadukula Kambhoji .
Both the versions are equally pleasing
Sadasiva Brahmendra was a saint , a composer of Carnatic music and an Advaita philosopher who lived near Kumbakonam , Tamil Nadu during the 18th century .
 Sri Sadasiva Brahmendra composed mainly in Sanskrit .
 Only a few of Sri Sadasiva Brahmendra compositions have survived but Only a few of his compositions are recognised as great compositions of Carnatic Music .
 Sri Sadasiva Brahmendra was born to a Telugu couple Moksha Somasundara Avadhaani and Parvati .
 Sri Sadasiva Brahmendra initial name was Sivaramakrishna .
 Sri Sadasiva Brahmendra was married at the age of 17 .
 Sri Sadasiva Brahmendra lived in Kumbakonam , near Tamil Nadu in the 17th to 18th century .
 Two other prominent Hindu saints Sridhara Venkatesa Ayyaval and Sri Bodhendra Saraswathi were Hindu classmates in the veda school .
 Hindu left Hindu home in search of Truth .
 After taking sannyasa , Hindu is said to have wandered around , naked or semi-naked , and often in a trance - like state .
 Hindu was reclusive and often meditated , and was described as being in a supremely intoxicated state .
 Hindu is said to have performed many miracles whilst alive , some of the most prominent are provided below .
 Hindu jiva samadhi site is briefly mentioned in Autobiography of a Yogi by Paramahamsa Yogananda .
 On the river banks of Cauvery in Mahadhanapuram , Hindu was asked by some children to be taken to Madurai , more than 100 miles away , for an annual festival .
 The saint asked them to close their eyes , and a few seconds later they reopened their eyes and found they were in Madurai .
 Sri Sadasiva Brahmendra also wrote the Atma Vidya Vilasa , an advaitic work .
There is an epilogue to this story .
 The next day , another youth , incredulous at hearing this story , asked Sri Sadasiva Brahmendra to take Sri Sadasiva Brahmendra also to this festival .
 The next day is said that the youth immediately found himself in the distant city .
 When The next day was time to return , Sri Sadasiva Brahmendra was nowhere to be found .
The youth had to make his way back on foot .
Whilst relaxing near a heap of grains , he began meditating .
 The farmer who owned the land mistook Sadasiva for a thief , and confronted The farmer who owned the land .
 The farmer raised The farmer who owned the land stick to hit the saint , but became a statue .
 The farmer who owned the land remained in this state until the morning , when Sri Sadasiva Brahmendra finished meditating and smiled at the farmer .
 The farmer was restored to The farmer who owned the land normal state , and asked the saint for forgiveness .
 At another time , while meditating on the banks of the Cauvery river , The farmer who owned the land was carried away by a sudden flood .
 Weeks later , when some villagers were digging near a mound of earth , their shovels struck The farmer who owned the land body .
 The farmer who owned the land woke up and walked away .
 Long after all these happened when almost people had forgotten the memories of The farmer who owned the land wandering in their lands , once the naked sannyasi was seen walking right through a Muslim harem of a Nawab .
 As a brahma-jnani who sees nothing but brahman everywhere , The farmer who owned the land would not distinguish between the different human figures which cross The farmer who owned the land path nor would The farmer who owned the land be distracted by the sights or noises that The farmer who owned the land environment may present to The farmer who owned the land .
 It was in this state of trance that The farmer who owned the land was walking along .
 He , the naked sannyasi , walked straight into the harem , entering the Nawab 's harem at one end and walking out at the other all the while walking through a maze of inmates of the Nawab 's harem .
 The news reached the nawab , the Nawab 's had the Nawab 's men chase the Nawab 's , they cut off both the Nawab 's hands as the Nawab 's was walking along , the hands fell off and ... still the Nawab 's was walking along silently as if nothing had happened .
The Nawab got scared , picked up the hands that had been severed , ran to the Sage and offered them in total remorse .
 The sage stopped the Sage walking , the severed hands were restored to their place , the hands became normal and the sage walked away !
There was no conversation .
 the Sage is said to have met the Raja Thondaiman of Pudukottai and initiated the Sage into the Dakshinamurthy Mantra .
 the Sage is said to have written the mantra on sand .
 This sand was picked up by the king and This sand is in the worship of the royal family till now in the Dakshinamoorthy temple inside the Pudukottai palace in Pudukottai .
He was responsible for installing the deity Punnainallur Mariamman near Thanjavur and guided the installation at Devadanapatti Kamakshi temple .
 He also installed the Hanuman Murthi in the Prasanna Venkateswara temple at Nalu Kal Mandapam in Thanjavur .
He also installed Lord Ganesh and a powerful Ganesh Yantra at the Thirunageshwaram Rahu Stalam temple at Kumbakonam.An inscription in the temple bears testimony to this fact .
The shrine can still be seen at the entrance to the temple .
Every year in Nerur and Manamadurai , music festivals are conducted in his honor .
 In Manamadurai his samadhi is located at the Somanathar temple , which was identified by the Paramacharya of Kanchi .
 Sri Sri Sacchidananda Shivabhinava Nrusimha Bharati , pontiff of the Sringeri Saradha Peetham had visited Nerur and composed Two slokas in praise of Sri Sadasiva Bramhendra - Sadasivendra Stava and Sadasivendra Pancharatna .
 the author of several Sanskrit works is the author of several Sanskrit works .
The following works have been printed/published .
The following works are ascribed to Sri Brahmendral but no printed version is available .
 Sri Brahmendral also wrote several Carnatic compositions to spread the advaita philosophy among common people .
 Sri Brahmendral compositions are quite popular and can be heard frequently in Carnatic music concerts .
Some of these are .
Character of Sadasiva Bramhendra is portrayed in the Tamil movie Mahashakti Mariamman .
 Tamil writer Balakumaran has written a novel Thozhan based on the life of Sri Sadasiva Brahmendra .
Brahmatatvaprakasika nama Brahmasutravrttih - http://www.dkagencies.com/doc/from/1023/to/1123/bkId/DK8263321716226271789703045171/details.html
Ganamurti is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Ganamurti is the 3rd Melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Ganamurti is called Ganasamavarali in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
 Ganamurti is the 3rd ragam in the 1st chakra Indu .
The mnemonic name is Indu-Go .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ra ga ma pa dha nu .
Its structure is as follows : .
The notes used in this scale are shuddha rishabham , shuddha gandharam , shuddha madhyamam , shuddha dhaivatham , kakali nishadham .
 As Ganamurti is a melakarta ragam , by definition Ganamurti is a sampoorna ragam .
 Ganamurti is the shuddha madhyamam equivalent of Jhalavarali , which is the 39th melakarta .
Ganasamavarali is the 3rd Melakarta in the original list compiled by Venkatamakhin .
The notes used in the scale are the same , but the ascending scale is different .
 The notes used in this scale is an shadava-sampurna raga .
 Ganamurti has a few minor janya ragams associated with Ganamurti .
See List of janya ragams for full list of ragams associated with Ganamoorti .
 Ganamoorthe sri krishna by Thyagaraja is a popular composition sung in concerts , set to Ganamurti .
Brihadiswara rakshatuma in Eka tala by Muthuswami Dikshitar is a composition set to Ganasamavarali scale .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Ganamurtis notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 2 other melakarta ragams , namely , Vishwambari and Shamalangi .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Ganamurti
The tambura , tanpura , tamburi is a long-necked plucked lute found in different forms in Indian music culture .
Hindustani musicians speak of tanpura whereas Carnatic musicians say tambura ; tamburi is a smaller instrument used for accompanying instrumental soloists .
For practical use , all these types are called tanpura in the text .
 The body shape of the tanpura somewhat resembles that of the sitar , but The body shape of the tanpura has no frets - as the strings are always plucked at their full lengths .
One or more tanpuras may be used to accompany vocalists or instrumentalists .
 One has four or five wire strings , which are plucked one after another in a regular pattern to create a harmonic resonance on the basic note or keynote .
Tanpuras form the root of the ensemble and indeed of the music itself , as the tanpura creates an acoustic dynamic reference chord from which the ragas derive their distinctive character , color and flavor .
Concerning its history , a quote from A. D. Ranade : The first unambiguous reference to the tanpura is in Sangit Parijat .
It is neither mentioned by the earlier texts nor does it find a place in sculptures .
An electronic tanpura , a small box that imitates the sound of a tanpura , is often used in contemporary Indian classical music performances instead of , or in addition to a tanpura .
 One or more tanpuras come in different sizes and pitches : larger males , smaller females for vocalists , and a yet smaller version is used for accompanying sitar or sarod , called tamburi .
 Male vocalists pitch Male vocalists tonic note , often at C # ; female singers usually a fifth higher , though these tonic notes may vary according to the preference of the singer , as there is no absolute and fixed pitch-reference in the Indian classical music systems .
The male instrument has an open string length of approximately one metre ; the female is three-fourths of the male .
The standard tuning is 5-8-8-1 or , in Indian sargam , PA-sa-sa-SA .
For ragas that omit the fifth tone , pa , the first string is tuned down to the natural fourth : 4-8-8-1 or Ma-sa-sa-Sa .
Some ragas require a less common tuning with shuddh NI , NI-sa-sa-SA .
With a five-string instrument , the seventh or NI can be added : PA-NI-sa-sa-SA or MA-NI-sa-sa-SA .
The name tanapura is probably derived from tana , referring to a musical phrase , and pura , which means full or complete .
 Both in The name tanapura musical function and how it works , the tanpura is unique in many ways .
It does not partake in the melodic part of the music , but it supports and sustains the melody by providing a colourful and dynamic harmonic resonance field based on one precise tone , the basic note or key note .
Also , it is not played in rhythm with the music , as the precise timing of plucking a cycle of four strings in a continuous loop is a determinant factor in the resultant sound .
The special overtone-rich sound and the audible movement in the inner resonances of tone is achieved by applying the principle of jivari or jawari which creates a sustained buzzing sound in which particular harmonics will resonate with focused clarity .
 Jiva refers to soul , that Jiva gives life , implying that the tanpura embodies an animated tone quality .
Another linguistic reference is sawari which means saddle .
The principle of jivari can be compared to the prismatic refraction of white light into the colours of the rainbow , as its acoustic twin principle at work , amplifying the inner resonances of a tone to audible harmonics .
To achieve this effect , the strings pass over a wide , arched bridge , the front of which slopes gently away from the surface of the strings .
When a string is plucked , it has an intermittent periodical grazing contact with the bridge ; this intermittent grazing of the string on the curved bridge will move around in the sonation process , as the points of contact will gradually shift , being a compound function of amplitude , the curvature of the bridge , pitch and string tension .
When the string is plucked , it has a large amplitude , moving up and down and contacting the bridge on the down-phase .
As the energy of the strings movement gradually diminishes , the contact point of the string with the bridge slowly creeps up the slope of the bridge like a wave out of the sea spending itself on the beach .
Depending on scale and pitch , this can take between three and ten seconds .
This dynamic process can be fine-tuned using a cotton thread between string and bridge : by shifting the thread , the grazing contact sequence is shifted to a different position on the bridge , changing the harmonic content .
 Every single string produces This dynamic process own cascading range of harmonics and , at the same time , builds up a particular resonance .
 According to this principle , One or more tanpuras are attentively tuned to achieve a particular tonal shade relative to the tonal characteristics of the raga .
These more delicate aspects of tuning are directly related to what Indian musicians call raga svaroop , which is about how characteristic intonations are important defining aspects of a particular raga .
 The tanpuras particular setup , with the cotton thread as a variable focus-point , made The tanpuras particular setup possible to explore a multitude of harmonic relations produced by the subtle harmonic interplay in time of The tanpuras particular setup four strings
The Kamalamba Navavarana Kritis by Shri Muthuswami Dikshitar are some of the most famous pieces of music in the Carnatic system of Indian classical music .
They are treasures which embody not only the technical brilliance of the composer but also offer a peep into the advaitic school of Hindu philosophy and elements of Tantric rituals .
They are very elaborate compositions which may be well compared with major symphonies in the Western system .
These songs are set in praise of the Goddess Kamalamba who is enshrined in Tiruvarur in the Tanjore district of Tamil Nadu in South India .
The Goddess is the reference to the Divine Mother of the universe , or the Supreme Consciousness .
The lyrics and the descriptive details are loaded with the mystical symbolism of the Vedantic tradition and the chakras of the human system are closely linked to the evolutionary aspects described in the compositions that reflect the scholarly reach , musical depth and mystical significance of the composer .
Musically , they are par excellence and the majestic sweep of well known ragas like Todi , Kalyani , Kambhoji , Sankarabharanam , Sahana , Anandabhairavi and Bhairavi are offset against haunting melodies in lesser known ragas like Punnagavarali , Ghanta and Ahiri .
 Shri Muthuswami Dikshitar uses several talas although Rupakam seems to be Shri Muthuswami Dikshitar favourite .
 Ata talam and Misra Jampa in the Kambhoji and Bhairavi pieces are rarely used because of the technical difficulty in executing these .
An added element is the use of different case endings .
 The Dhyana kriti in Todi is in the vocative case , followed by the Anandabhairavi in the nominative , Kalyani in the accusative , Sankarabharanam in the instrumental , Kambhoji in the dative , Bhairavi in the ablative and so on .
 The ninth avarana kriti in Ahiri has all the cases ; interestingly the raga itself has all the 22 Sruti in the octave .
It is believed that such a fusion of all melodic and temporal elements in the same kriti is a musical way of expressing the advaitic ideal of aham Brahmasmi or complete union with the Absolute .
 Indeed the Ahiri composition is very unusual musically especially the pallavi which has a repeating and distinctive prose sections , are seamlessly put together .
The set concludes with a short and sweet mangalam in Sri ragam set in Khanda Ekam .
The entire set consists therefore of the dhyanam , the nine avaranas , and the mangalam , a total of 11 pieces .
The rendering of these Kritis are considered to be extremely challenging owing to the complexity of the words and the notations .
The D.K. Pattamal and D.K. Jayaraman school are considered to be specialists in the rendering of these compositions .
 D.K. Jayaraman school requires years of training to render them to perfection .
Sri Muthuswamy Dikshitar was a great Devi Upasaka and was well versed in all aspects of Sri Vidya Upasana .
 Out of a great Devi Upasaka devotion to Sri Kamalamba , , the celebrated deity at the famous Tyagaraja Temple in Tiruvarur and a great Devi Upasaka compassion for all bhaktas , Sri Muthuswamy Dikshitar composed the Kamalamba Navavarana kritis , expounding in each of the nine kritis , the details of the each avarana of the Sri Chakra , including the devatas and the yoginis .
Singing these kritis with devotion , sraddha and understanding would be the easy way to Sri Vidya Upasana
Gurumurti Sastri was a composer of Carnatic music who lived during the 17th century in the village of Kayatar in Tirunelveli district of Tamil Nadu .
 Gurumurti Sastri family name was Paidala .
 Gurumurti Sastri was a Telugu speaking Brahmin .
 Gurumurti Sastri learnt music from Venkatasubbayya .
Gurumurti Sastri composed many Gitas , or short songs illustrating Janaka and Janya ragas .
 Gurumurti Sastri was famous for Gurumurti Sastri technical knowledge of the science of Ragas
Alathur Brothers Srinivasa Iyer & Sivasubramania Iyer were Carnatic vocalists .
The world of Carnatic music knows them as the star duo of the twentieth century .
They learnt under Alathur Venkatesa Iyer , the father of Sivasubramania Iyer .
They were not brothers by birth .
They gave their first concert at Thyagaraja Aradhana festival in Thiruvaiyaru in 1928 .
 Following the grand tradition set by their guru , the duo excelled in the authentic version of Carnatic music bringing together its technicalities to develop a taste for this patantara in the audience , both the experts and the laymen , alike .
 Combining the strengths of various aspects of Carnatic music , they established a style of music for themselves .
 Their music was the result of arduous training , conscious evolution of the Lakshya and Lakshana aspects , unique to Carnatic music and inspiration drawn from many a colossus of bygone era in Carnatic music .
Known to the world to have presented many a complicate pallavi replete with all its mathematical permutations and combinations of usages , they had mastered Laya at a young age , imbibing the art from their Guru .
 Not many know though that another stalwart of Carnatic music , Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer had once commented that the kind of Jeevan or life the brothers enthused in the very same compositions others sang on the concert platform was hard to enunciate and almost incomparable .
 The finesse and authority with which they handled compositions like Vidulaku Mrokeda , Mari Mari Ninne , Epapamu , Shantamu Lekha , Kalinarula , Koniyadina , Shree Matha Shiva , Kanulara Kanti were essays into the very depths of the most authentic of Carnatic music .
Compositions in Tamil like Sivanai Ninaindhavar sparkled in their exposition .
Exclusive Tiruppugazh concerts were a regular with them .
 The Alathur brothers performed with most of the star accompanists of the world of Carnatic music .
On the violin , earlier they were accompanied by Thiruvalangadu Sundaresa Iyer , Mayavaram Govindaraja Pillai , Kumbakonam Rajamanickam Pillai , Mysore T. Chowdiah among others .
Later T. N. Krishnan and Lalgudi G. Jayaraman accompanied them in most of their concerts while Kandadevi Azhagirisami accompanied them in a few .
In the earliest of their concerts , mostly in and around Tiruchirapalli , the veteran mridangam exponent , Pudukottai Dakshinamoorthy Pillai accompanied them .
It was he who introduced Pazhani Subramania Pillai , son of Pazhani Muthiah Pillai , himself a close friend of Alathur Venkatesa Iyer , to them .
Their regular concerts in Tanjore and later in Madras had brought to them the Mridangam maestro Palghat Mani Iyer .
From then onwards their concerts were either with Pazhani Subramania Pillai on the mridangam or an incomparable combination of Mani Iyer on the mridangam and Pillai on the Kanjira .
 It is said that the brothers were at their peak form essaying mind-boggling Pallavis with Lalgudi Jayaraman on the violin to provide answer to their exulting calculations and Mani Iyer and Pillai to take it further on to a different plane altogether with Palghat Mani Iyer solo versions , Thaniavardhanam .
From 1944 to 1968 the brothers were the court musicians for the Maharajah of Travancore
The kanjira , khanjira or ganjira , a South Indian frame drum , is an instrument of the tambourine family .
 a South Indian frame drum is used primarily in concerts of Carnatic music as a supporting instrument for the mridangam .
The kanjira have been used since 1880s , and was added to classical concerts during the 1930s .
 Similar to the Western tambourine , the Western tambourine consists of a circular frame made of the wood of the jackfruit tree , between 7 and 9 inches in width and 2 to 4 inches in depth .
 the Western tambourine is covered on one side with a drumhead made of monitor lizard skin , while the other side is left open .
The frame has a single slit which contain three to four small metal discs -- often old coins -- that jingle when the kanjira is played .
The kanjira is a relatively difficult Indian drum to play , especially in South Indian Carnatic music , for reasons including the complexity of the percussion patterns used in Indian music .
It is normally played with the palm and fingers of the right hand , while the left hand supports the drum .
The fingertips of the left hand can be used to bend the pitch by applying pressure near the outer rim .
It is not tuned to any particular pitch , unlike the mridangam or the ghatam .
Normally , without , it has a very high pitched sound .
To get a good bass sound , the performer reduces the tension of the drumhead by sprinkling water on the inside of the instrument .
This process may have to be repeated during a concert to maintain a good sound .
However , if the instrument is too moist , it will have a dead tone , requiring 5-10 minutes to dry .
Tone is also affected by external temperature and moisture conditions .
 Performers typically carry a couple of kanjiras so that Performers can keep at least one in perfectly tuned condition at any given time .
G Harishankar is widely considered to have been the greatest kanjira artist ever to have played this instrument .
Others include : Pudukottai Manpoondia Pillai , Dakshinamurthy Pillai , H. P. Ramachar , Mayavaram Somusundaram , C. K. Shyam Sundar , Thirukadaiyur T. K. Dakshinamoorthy , V. Nagarajan .
Bangalore Amrit , B. Shree Sundar Kumar , V. Selvaganesh , C. P. Vyasa Vittala , B.S. Purushotham , G.Guruprasanna , N. Ganesh Kumar , K. V. Gopalakrishnan , Anirudh Athreya , K. S. Rangachari , K. V. R. S. Mani , C. S. Venkatramanan , Abhishek Raghuram , Alathur T. Rajaganesh , Guru Raghavendra , Latha Ramachar , Nerkunam S. Sankar , Neyveli B. Venkatesh , Papanasam S. Sethuraman , Thenkasi H. Paramasivam , Thiruvayur Saikrishnan , Thrikakkara Y. N. Shantharam , Tirupur G. Sridhar Kumar , Trichy V. V. S. Manian , Vivek Chellappa , Rajiv Nagarajan , Vinay Mallikarjan , Vivek Rajagopalan
Gamanashrama is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 53rd Melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is called Gamakakriya in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 5th ragam in the 9th chakra Brahma .
The mnemonic name is Brahma-Ma .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ra gu mi pa dhi nu .
 The mnemonic phrase structure is as follows : .
The notes used in this scale are shadjam , shuddha rishabham , antara gandharam , prati madhyamam , panchamam , chathusruthi dhaivatham and kakali nishadham .
 As Carnatic is a melakarta ragam , by definition Carnatic is a sampurna ragam .
 Carnatic is the prati madhyamam equivalent of Suryakantam , which is the 17th melakarta .
 Gamanashrama has a few janya ragams associated with Carnatic , of which Hamsanandi and Purvi kalyani are popular .
See List of janya ragams for full list of ragams associated with Gamanashrama .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Gamanashramas notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 2 other minor melakarta ragams , namely , Jhankaradhwani and Ratnangi .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
For further details and an illustration refer to Graha bhedam on Ratnangi
Karnataka Shuddha Saveri is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is an audava ragam .
 Carnatic is a janya ragam , as Carnatic does not have all the seven swaras .
This scale is known as Shuddha Saveri in the Muthuswami Dikshitar school of music .
This scale is quite different from the popular Shuddha Saveri pentatonic scale .
Karnataka Shuddha Saveri is a symmetric ragam that does not contain gandharam or nishadham .
It is a symmetric pentatonic scale .
Its structure is as follows : .
The notes used in this scale are shadjam , shuddha rishabham , shuddha madhyamam , panchamam and shuddha dhaivatham .
It is considered a janya ragam of Kanakangi , the 1st Melakarta ragam , though it can be derived from 8 other melakarta ragams , by dropping both gandharam and nishadham .
This ragam lends itself for elaboration and exploration due to the use to shuddha notes .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Karnataka Shuddha Saveris notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 1 popular pentatonic ragam , Amritavarshini .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 For more details and illustration of this concept refer Graha bhedam on Amritavarshini
 M.S. Gopalakrishnan , aka M.S. Gopalakrishnan , was a violinist in the field of Carnatic music .
 M.S. Gopalakrishnan was a recipient of the Padma Bhushan , Padma Sri , Kalaimamani , Sangeetha Kalanidhi and 1997 Sangeet Natak Akademi awards , and is commonly grouped with Lalgudi Jayaraman and T.N.Krishnan as part of the violin-trinity of carnatic music .
 M.S. Gopalakrishnan was born in Mylapore , Chennai , India , India , and was taught violin by M.S. Gopalakrishnan father , the late Parur Sundaram Iyer , who was well-versed in North Indian and South Indian systems of Indian classical music .
 M.S. Gopalakrishnan learnt both South Indian systems from M.S. Gopalakrishnan father , with whom M.S. Gopalakrishnan gave M.S. Gopalakrishnan first performance at 8 years old .
 M.S. Gopalakrishnan has played the violin for over fifty years as a soloist and accompanist , having accompanied Omkarnath Thakur and D. V. Paluskar , and has toured Australia , the US , the UK , the Netherlands , South Africa , Malaysia , and Hong Kong .
 M.S. Gopalakrishnan daughter , Dr M. Narmadha , is also a violinist .
 Gopalakrishnan died in Chennai , India , India , at 2 am on January 3 , 2013 , at the age of 81 .
He was survived by his wife Meenakshi , his daughters M. Narmadha and Latha , and son Suresh .
 M.S. Gopalakrishnan had researched playing technique , and developed particular fingering and bowing disciplines of the Parur style to produce a clarity of sound and speed of delivery .
 M.S. Gopalakrishnan style includes one-finger playing and a thematic development on single-string octaves .
 Violinist Yehudi Menuhin said of a Gopalakrishnans playing : US have not heard such violin in all US travels !
How superbly this young Indian is playing our instrument
Dr. Kadri Gopalnath is an Indian saxophonist and one of the pioneers of Carnatic music on the saxophone .
Kadri Gopalnath was born in 1949 in the city of Mangalore to Thaniappa and Gangamma .
 Dr. Kadri Gopalnath acquired a taste for music from Dr. Kadri Gopalnath father Thaniappa , a nadaswaram vidwan .
As a child , Gopalnath once saw the saxophone being played in the Mysore palace band set .
 Upon hearing the vibrant tone of the saxophone , Dr. Kadri Gopalnath decided to master it .
 It took Dr. Kadri Gopalnath nearly 20 years to conquer the complex western wind instrument , and Dr. Kadri Gopalnath was eventually crowned as the Saxophone Chakravarthy .
 Dr. Kadri Gopalnath had to make certain modifications to the conventional alto saxophone to play Carnatic music .
 So successful has this adaptation been that the great musician Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer , the doyen of Carnatic music , has acknowledged Kadri Gopalnath as a true Carnatic music genius .
 Dr. Kadri Gopalnath learned to play the instrument under Gopalkrishna Iyer of Kalaniketana , Mangalore .
 In Madras , Dr. Kadri Gopalnath came in contact with the mridangist T.V. Gopalkrishnan , who identified the youngsters potential and tutored Dr. Kadri Gopalnath .
 Dr. Kadri Gopalnath maiden performance was for the Chembai Memorial Trust .
 The 1980 Bombay Jazz Festival was a turning point for Dr. Kadri Gopalnath .
John Handy , a jazz musician from California was present at the festival .
 Hearing Gopalnath play , Handy asked if John Handy could go on stage and perform alongside with John Handy .
 So well did the two mesh , Handy in the jazz style and Gopalnath in the Carnatic style , that it became an instant hit with the audience .
 Dr. Kadri Gopalnath has participated in the Jazz Festival in Prague , the Berlin Jazz the Jazz Festival in Prague , the International Cervantino Festival in Mexico , the Music Hall Festival in Paris , the BBC Promenade concert in 1994 at London , and has toured all over the world .
 Dr. Kadri Gopalnath has cut many albums and has recorded a number of cassettes and CDs .
 Together with jazz flautist James Newton , James Newton recorded Southern Brothers .
 James Newton production called East-West is an audio-video presentation that , as the title suggests , is a fusion of Western and Indian music .
This album took 6 months to produce and has compositions from Saint Tyagaraja , Beethoven and the likes .
 Film director K. Balachander used Gopalnaths services in Film director K. Balachander Tamil film Duet .
 The film had music composed by A.R. Rahman and all the songs had saxophonic instrumentation by Dr. Kadri Gopalnath , mostly in raga Kalyanavasantam .
 Rahman once said about this album : : US played some 30 ragas for Rahman .
 Rahman wasnt satisfied .
 Finally US played raga Kalyanavasantam , and raga Kalyanavasantam said , Thats This album !

 After that movie US became known .
 US was in all the papers .
It became difficult to travel in buses and trains .
 Of course US enjoyed the mass appeal .
 In 2005 , Dr. Kadri Gopalnath began a collaboration with American saxophonist and composer Rudresh Mahanthappa , which resulted in the 2008 album Kinsmen and supporting US tour .
 Titles and honors have come Dr. Kadri Gopalnath way , the most cherished being the Asthana Vidwan of Sri Kanchi Kamakoti Pettam , Sri Sringeri Sharadha Peetam , Sri Ahobila Mutt and Sri Pillayapatti Temple .
 Dr. Kadri Gopalnath was awarded the Padma Shri in 2004 .
 Dr. Kadri Gopalnath has the distinction of being the first Carnatic musician to be invited in the BBC Promenade concert in 1994 , in the Royal Albert Hall at London .
 The Asian Music Circuit , U.K , sponsored Dr. Kadri Gopalnath recital .
 Saxophone Charkravarthy , Saxophone Samrat , Ganakala Shree , Nadapasana Brahma , Sunada Prakashika , Nada Kalarathna , Nada Kalanidhi , Sangeetha Vadya Rathna , Karnataka Kalashree in 1996 , Vocational Excellency Award from the Rotary of Madras , Tamil Nadu State Award Kalaimamani and Karnataka Kalashree in 1996 Rajyotsava Award in 1998 .
 Saxophone Charkravarthy received an honorary doctorate from Bangalore University in 2004 .
 The 2008 album Blue Rhizome by the New Quartet features a tribute to the saxophonist called Dr. Kadri Gopalnath .
 the saxophonist called Gopalnath received the Sangeetha Kalasikhamani award for the year 2013 given by The Indian Fine arts Society , Chennai
Chalanata is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Chalanata is the 36th Melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Chalanata is one of the few ragams referred by the same name in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
 Chalanata is the 6th ragam in the 6th chakra Rutu .
The mnemonic name is Rutu-Sha .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ru gu ma pa dhu nu .
Its structure is as follows : .
The notes used in this scale are shadjam , shatsruthi rishabham , antara gandharam , shuddha madhyamam , panchamam , shatsruthi dhaivatham and kakali nishadham .
 As Chalanata is a melakarta ragam , by definition Chalanata is a sampurna ragam .
 Chalanata is the shuddha madhyamam equivalent of Rasikapriya , which is the 72nd melakarta .
 Chalanata has two popular janya ragams associated with Chalanata , namely Nata and Ghambheeranata .
 Nata ragam compositions are sung often in concerts and Chalanata overshadows Chalanata .
 See List of Janya Ragams for list of janya ragams associated with Chalanata .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Chalanatas notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields a major Melakarta ragam Shubhapantuvarali .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Chalanata
Jaya Thyagarajan is a traditional Indian artist noted for her Tanjore Paintings .
 Jaya 's was born in Madras State where her Tanjore Paintings paintings originated .
 After getting Jaya 's bachelor of Arts in History in 1976 and a Master of Arts in Indian Philosophy in 1978 , Jaya 's obtained a diploma in Fine Arts from the Kalakshetra School of fine arts in Madras under the guidance of Shri.K.Sreenivasulu , Head of the Department .
 Jaya 's has been an ardent follower of the Tanjore School of Paintings and Jaya 's various exhibits are the reproductions of some of the old Tanjore Master pieces .
 Jaya 's first Exhibition was at Kalakshetra school in 1980 followed by one in 1981 .
 Jaya 's has held successful Solo Exhibitions at Max Muller Bhavan in 1982 and Triveni Art Gallery in New Delhi in May 1992 and August 1993 .
 Jaya 's was asked to participate in Kala-Mela organized by Lalit Kala Academy , New Delhi in 1986 .
Jaya 's paintings were selected for the Traditional Art exhibition held by the All India Fine arts and Crafts Society in 1989 and 2000 .
 Jaya 's works have also been selected for exhibitions held by Poompuhar , Tamil Nadu Emporium , New Delhi on three different occasions in January and June 1992 and October 1993 .
 Jaya 's also had an exhibition of Jaya 's works at Nehru Centre of the High Commission of India , London in October 1995 , St. Denis Municipality , Reunion Island , Indira Gandhi Centre for Arts and Culture , Mauritius in April 1997 and ANZ Grindlays Bank , New Delhi in October 1997,1998 .
 In 2002 Jaya 's conducted an exhibition of Jaya 's works at the Indian Embassy , Washington DC .
 Jaya 's also held an Exhibition of Jaya 's paintings at Jawahar Kala Kendra , Jaipur in 2006 .
 Jaya 's also recently exhibited Jaya 's work of Tanjore Paintings at The Consulate General of India , New York , in association with Asia Initiatives , at the launch of Asia Initiatives in USA .
 Jaya 's creations today enjoy a place of pride in many homes and Corporate Offices in India and other parts of the World
Revati is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is an audava ragam .
 Carnatic is a janya ragam , as Carnatic does not have all the seven swaras .
 In Hindustani music a raga that closely resembles Revati is Bairagi Bhairav .
It is said to evoke Karuna rasa .
This scale has also been used in chanting Vedas .
 Revati is a symmetric ragam that does not contain gandharam or dhaivatam .
It is a pentatonic scale .
Its structure is as follows : .
 Revati is considered a janya ragam of Ratnangi , the 2nd Melakarta ragam , though it can be derived from other melakarta ragams , Vanaspati , Hanumatodi , Natakapriya , Vakulabharanam or Chakravakam , by dropping both gandharam and dhaivatam .
 Revati ragam lends Revati for elaboration and exploration and has many compositions .
 Here are some popular kritis composed in Revati .
Lalgudi Jayaraman has also composed a melodious Thillana in this ragam .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Revatis notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 2 other pentatonic ragams , namely , Shivaranjani and Sunadavinodini .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
See Graha bhedam on Shivaranjani for more details and an illustration
Anandabhairavi or Ananda Bhairavi is a very old melodious ragam of Carnatic music .
This ragam has been used even in Indian folk music .
Anandam means happiness and the ragam brings a happy mood to the listener .
It is a janya ragam of the 20th Melakarta ragam Natabhairavi , although some suggest that it is janya of 22nd melakarta Kharaharapriya .
It is a sampoorna ragam - ragam having all 7 swarams , but it is not a melakarta ragam , as it has vakra prayogam and uses anya swaram in comparison with its parent ragam .
The anya swaram is the usage of chathusruthi dhaivatham in some phrases of the ragam .
 The anya swaram is vakra ragam since The anya swaram arohana is not in proper sequence .
 The anya swaram arohana is sa ga ri ga ma pa da pa sa .
These two technicalities makes this ragam vakram but only in arohana .
 In avarohana it is normal , These two technicalities is sa ni da pa ma ga ri sa .
Anandabhairavi ragam is also a bhashanga ragam , since it uses more than one anya swaram .
Anya swaram of a ragam is the swaram which does not belong to the arohana or avarohana of its melakarta , but it is sung in prayogams .
 The three anya swarams of Anandabhairavi are antara gandharam , chatusruti dhaivatam and kakali nishadham .
All of these anya swaras occur only in prayogas .
G3 occurs in ma pa ma ga ga ma , and D2 occurs in ga ma pa da .
Generally N3 is not sung these days .
 It is said that Tyagaraja and Muthuswami Dikshitar do not use any of the anya swarams in Tyagaraja and Muthuswami Dikshitar compositions .
 Anandabhairavi also has unique swara patterns both in manodharma and in its compositions .
The popular patterns are SGGM , SP , and SGMP .
 The musician isnt allowed to stay long on nishadam , this characteristic distinguishes The musician isnt from Reetigowla .
 Few allied ragas to this are Reetigowla and Huseni .
 Anandabhairavi is one of the favourite ragams of Syama Sastri .
 Anandabhairavi is said to have made this a popular ragam and also to have given the present form for this ragam .
More or less Anandabhairavis synonym is Marivere gati by Syama Sastri .
In Mariverae and in O jagadhamba Syama Sastri uses the anya swara ga
 Uruttu Chenda is a type of the Uruttu Chenda or drum used to play variations in Chenda music .
It is used to lead the orchestra .
It is called the Pramanavadhya .
The Chenda Vattam of the Uruttu Chenda is always the Edam Thala or the Left Head which is made of soft , single cow skin .
The meaning of uruttu in Malayalam language is rolling .
 The artist produce sound on Uruttu Chenda by rolling The artist right hand wrist .
During the first beat the palm holding the stick will face the artist , then during the second beat the palm would face the opposite side .
This is done by rolling the wrist .
The Chenda is a cylindrical percussion instrument used widely in the state of Kerala , and Tulu Nadu of Karnataka State in India .
 In Tulu Nadu Tulu Nadu of Karnataka State in India is known as chande .
 Tulu Nadu of Karnataka State in India has a length of two feet and a diameter of one foot .
Both ends are covered with the Chenda Vattam .
The animal skin is usually of a cow , in a traditional Chenda other skins are not used , to have a quality sound the skin from the abdominal part of the cow is taken .
 The Chenda is suspended from the drummers neck so that the Uruttu Chenda hangs vertically .
Though both sides can be used for playing , only one is actually beaten .
Using two sticks , the drummer strikes the upper parchment .
 Depending upon the size , structure and function of the the Uruttu Chenda , the Uruttu Chenda are classified as , Veekku Chenda or Acchan Chenda , Uruttu Chenda , Muri Chenda etc
Gamaka also known as kaavya vaachana is a form of storytelling by singing that originated in Karnataka , India .
One person reads a stanza of a poem with highest emphasis on meaning , applying suitable raga or a dhaati , usually matching the emotion of the poem ; the song generally has no established rhythm .
Another person then explains the meaning of the stanza with examples and anecdotes .
 Gamaka also known as kaavya vaachana draws ragas from traditional Kannada folktunes and Carnatic music .
 The singing The singing is called gamaka and the singer a gamaki .
The explanation of the rendering is called vyakyana .
 The emphasis in kaavya vaachana is on literature and not on music where singer splits compounds words in The poems to make The emphasis in kaavya vaachana easier to understand .
 The poems are chosen mostly from old Kannada epics such as Karnataka Bharatha Kathamanjari , Jaimini Bharatha , Harischandra Kavya , Devi-Bhagavata , and Torave Ramayana .
 Karnataka Gamaka Kala Parishat is an organisation that is formed to support and encourage the Gamaka Art form .
There is a misconception that gamaka and harikathe are the same .
 Gamaka also known as kaavya vaachana is different from gamak and gamakam , the words used in Indian classical music to refer to the styles of rendering a note .
Gamaka sometimes is mistaken for a form of music , but is instead a clear reading of complex poetry with complete emphasis on literature while its musicality is also important , but secondary .
There are many styles in gamaka .
 While Bangalore , Mysore and Matturu styles heavily use Karnataka Sangeetha , styles of Sagara and Theerthahalli region use more folk/traditional central Karnataka style of singing with emphasis on literature .
There is some influence of Yakshagana style in singing
Kalakshetra is a cultural academy dedicated to the preservation of traditional values in Indian art , especially in the field of Bharatanatyam dance and Gandharvaveda music .
The academy was founded in January 1936 by Rukmini Devi Arundale .
 Under Arundales guidance the institution achieved national and international recognition for Arundales guidance unique style and perfection .
In 1962 , Kalakshetra moved to a new campus in Besant Nagar , Chennai , India , occupying of land .
In January 1994 , an Act of the Indian Parliament recognised the Kalakshetra Foundation as an Institute of National Importance .
Kalakshetra , later known as the Kalakshetra Foundation was established by Smt .
Rukmini Devi Arundale , along with her husband , Dr. George Arundale , a known theosophist , in Adyar , Chennai in 1936 .
She not only invited the best of students , but also noted teachers , musicians and artists to be a part of this institution .
Year long celebrations , including lectures , seminars and festivals marked her 100th birth anniversary , on February 29 , in 2004 at Kalakshetra and elsewhere in many parts of the world , also on February 29 , a photo exhibition on her life opened at the Lalit Kala Gallery in New Delhi , and on the same day , President A.P.J. Abdul Kalam released a photo-biography , written and compiled by Dr. Sunil Kothari with a foreword by former president R. Venkataraman .
 Having studied the Pandanallur style for three years , in 1936 Rukmini Devi Arundale started working on developing her own , Kalakshetra , style of Bharatanatyam .
 She introduced group performances and staged various Bharatanatyam ballets .
The Kalakshetra style is noted for its angular , straight , ballet-like kinestetics , and its avoidance of Recakas and of the uninhibited throw of the limbs .
 According to Shri Sankara Menon , who was Recakas associate from Kalakshetra 's beginnings , Rukmini Devi raised Bharatanatyam to a puritan art form , divorced from its recently controversial past by removing objectionable elements from the Pandanallur style , which was publicly criticized by Balasaraswati and other representatives of the traditional Isai Vellalar culture .
Not all love was portrayed , at least outside parameters considered chaste .
 Balasaraswati said that the effort to purify Bharatanatyam through the introduction of novel ideas is like putting a gloss on burnished gold or painting the lotus .
E.Krishna Iyer said about Rukmini Devi , `` There is no need to say that before she entered the field , the art was dead and gone or that it saw a renaissance only when she started to dance or that she created anything new that was not there before '' .
Some of the notable students of Kalakshetra are Radha Burnier , A Janardhanan , Sarada Hoffman , Kamaladevi Chattopadhyay , Sanjukta Panigrahi , C.V. Chandrasekhar , Dhananjayans , Adyar K. Lakshman , Krishnaveni Lakshaman , Jayashree Narayanan , Ambika Buch , Yamini Krishnamoorthy , Leela Samson , Kamala Rajgopal , Jaya Thyagarajan , Devoleena Bhattacharjee , Dr Ananda Shankar Jayant
V. Ramarathnam was a Carnatic musician , author , teacher and composer .
Ramarthnam , the vocalist disciple of Sangeetha Rathna Mysore T. Chowdiah .
 Ramarthnam was the first Principal of the University College of Music and Dance , University of Mysore since its inception in 1965 , a position which Ramarthnam held till Ramarthnam retirement in 1987 .
 Ramarthnam was awarded many honorary titles such as Sangeetha Kala Sagaram .
As a vocalist Ramarathnam had been performing since the early 1940s in various prestigious institutions of music , both in India and abroad , as well as several All India Radio centers .
In Ramarathnam 's music one finds a harmonious blending of raga , bhava , tala and charm of a very rich tradition .
Ramarathnam was also a composer and author .
 V. Ramarathnam had composed around 25 kritis in well known ragas in Sanskrit , Telugu and Kannada .
 V. Ramarathnam used the mudra V. Ramarathnam and had published Sanskrit , Telugu and Kannada with chittaswaram .
Ramarathnam had trained a large number of students .
 V. Ramarathnam distinguished disciples include Neelamma Kadambi , T.R. Srinivasan , C.M. Madhuranath , N. Nanjundaswamy , B.R. Shamachar , K.J. Venkatachar , Vainika Vidwan M.J. Srinivasa Iyengar , Padmaja Ramanujam and many more .
 Ramarathnam had authored thirteen books , some of His distinguished disciples in collaboration with musicologists Sampathkumaracharaya , M.V. Rathna and R.N. Doreswamy .
 These books deal with the theory and practical aspects of Carnatic music .
Ten of these books have been published by the University Press , Prasaranga University of Mysore with some having been reprinted several times .
Some of the important books published include :
Nedunuri Krishnamurthy is a famous Indian Carnatic vocalist .
 Nedunuri Krishnamurthy tonal quality and Continuity are Nedunuri Krishnamurthy special assets .
Born in Pithapuram , East Godavari District , Andhra Pradesh to Rama Murthy Panthulu and Vijayalakshmi .
 Rama Murthy Panthulu father held a small job , at the estate of the Raja of Pithapuram .
 His father was under influence of His father mother who sang Ashtapadis , Tarangas and the Adhyatma Ramayana kritis .
 She had a great influence on His father while growing up .
 His father joined the Maharaja 's Music College at Vizianagaram in the year 1940 and received initial training in Violin and Vocal from the Dwaram Narasinga Rao Naidu .
 In 1949 , His father was influenced by carnatic vocalist , Sripada Pinakapani , and under His father guidance developed His father style of music .
 Nedunuri Krishnamurthy worked as Principal of S.V.College of Music and Dance , Secunderabad , Tirupati ; M.R.Government College of Music and Dance , Secunderabad , Vizianagaram ; Government College of Music and Dance , Secunderabad , Secunderabad ; and retired as Principal of G.V.R Government College of Music and Dance , Secunderabad , Vijayawada in 1985 .
 Nedunuri Krishnamurthy was Dean of Faculty of the Fine Arts and Chairman of Board of Studies in Music of Sri Venkateswara University and Nagarjuna University .
 Nedunuri Krishnamurthy immensely contributed to Annamacharya Project of the TTD in tuning most of the Annamacharya kritis as we know them today .
 Krishna Gana Sabha , Madras , conferred on ` Nada Yogi Nedunuri ' with the title `` Sangeetha Choodamani '' in the year 1976 .
 The Music Academy , Madras conferred on Krishna Gana Sabha the most prestigious title of `` Sangeeta Kalanidhi '' in the year 1991 .
 Krishna Gana Sabha has been appointed as the ` Asthana Vidwan ' of the Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams and also of Sri Kanchi Kamakoti Peetham .
Performing Artiste since 1945 - SIX DECADES OF MUSICAL CAREER .
Nada Yogi Nedunuri is a music connoisseur 's delight .
Prestigious Record - Performing at the `` MADRAS MUSIC ACADEMY '' for more than Five Decades .
6 . '
Malladi Brothers ' Srirama Prasad & Ravi Kumar .
12 .
Raga Madhur by Swathi Soft Solutions Company release .
13 .
Raga Ranjani by Swathi Soft Solutions Company release
Valaji or Valachi is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Valaji is a pentatonic scale .
 Valaji is a janya ragam , as Valaji does not have all the seven swaras .
The equivalent of Valaji in Hindustani music is Kalavati .
 Valaji is a symmetric ragam that does not contain rishabham or madhyamam .
 Valaji is a pentatonic scale .
 Valaji structure is as follows : .
 Valaji is considered a janya ragam of Chakravakam , the 16th Melakarta ragam , though Valaji can be derived from other melakarta ragams , Harikambhoji , Vagadheeswari , Ramapriya , Vachaspati or Nasikabhooshani , by dropping both rishabham and madhyamam .
 Since Chakravakam is lowest in ordinal number among these 6 melakarta scales , Valaji is associated with Chakravakam .
 Valaji is a pleasing scale , but has only a few compositions in classical music .
 Valaji has been used to score film music as well .
 Here are some popular kritis composed in Valaji .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Valajis notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields another pentatonic ragam Abhogi .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 For more details and illustration of this concept refer Graha bhedam on another pentatonic ragam Abhogi
 The Haridasas , the Vaishnava saints of Karnataka , are classified into the Vyasakuta and The Dasakuta .
 The Vyasakuta were the pontifical saints known for The Vyasakuta scholarship and exposition of the Madhvas philosophy .
The Dasakuta were the peripatetic saint disciples of the Vyasakuta sanyasins .
They were proficient singers and composers and used classical music and the Kannada language as a medium to propagate the teachings and philosophy of the Dvaita school .
 While Sripadaraya is sometimes credited with starting this musical movement , Purandaradasa , a disciple of Vyasaraya , became renowned as Karnataka Sangita Pitamaha .
 The devotees of Panduranga Vitthala of Pandharapur in the Varakari tradition traveled through Karnataka and composed and wrote almost entirely in Kannada .
The Haridasas had a seminal influence on Carnatic music .
 Later composers from Karnataka and outside , including the venerated Trinity and musical treatises exhibit and acknowledge these influences .
 Later composers from Karnataka laid the foundations of what is today called Karnataka or Carnatic music .
The 15th century marked a watershed period in the history of Indian classical music .
Sripadarayaru , a contemporary of Kallinatha , was a musician and composer who heralded the musical traditions of the Haridasa movement .
Vyasarajaru , Vadirajaru , Purandaradasaru and Kanaka Dasaru who followed in the tradition were contemporaries of celebrated musicologists like Ramamatya , Poluri Govindakavi and Pundarika Vitthala .
 Other distinguished composers of the time included Tallapakam Annamacharya and Tallapakam Annamacharya descendants , Bhadraachala Ramadas from Andhra , the Veerashaiva saint Nijagunashivayogi and Ratnakaravarni , the Jaina saint from Karnataka .
Prolific contributions of these composers and their contemporaries marked a period of renaissance in the musical history of India and Carnatic music .
The impact of this renaissance was further amplified by the close proximity of these composers and theoretician .
 Paradigmatic changes , such as the merger of madhyama grama into the Sadjagrama , the standardisation of all melodic materials within the frame of the the Sadjagrama , a new alignment of intervallic values and scalar temperament , tuning of keyboard chordophones , models of melodic classification wrought during this period are reflected in the music and compositions of the Haridasas .
 The tamburi often identified with the Haridasas , is mentioned for the first time by Sripadarayaru and subsequently by Vyasarayaru and Purandaradasaru .
The Haridasas as well as Palkuriki Somanatha , Chandrashekhara and Nijaguna Shivayogi give a wealth of technical vocabulary .
 Purandaradasa , a disciple of Vyasaraya is credited with laying the foundations of the systematic study of Karnataka Music .
 Purandaradasa , a disciple of Vyasaraya composed the elementary solfeggio exercises called sarale , janti , tala-alankaras as well as the group of songs called pillari gitas .
These exercises form the first lessons in learning Carnatic music even today .
 Prasanna Venkatadasa testifies in a song that Purandaradasa , a disciple of Vyasaraya composed in the gita , thaya , suladi , ugabhoga , pada , padya-vrata and prabandha forms .
 Though Prasanna Venkatadasa thayas or prabandhas are not available now , some of Prasanna Venkatadasa gitas or padas may be reconciled into prabandha types .
 The organisation of Prasanna Venkatadasa gitas into a pedagogic scheme , however , seems to be the work of later Haridasas .
Another popular song was originally a suladi and that yet another , the analekhara was initially a pillari gita .
 Svarajati , Varna , the Kriti and other items may have been added to the scheme as late as the 18th century .
 Purandaradasa , a disciple of Vyasaraya is also believed to have introduced the mayamalavagaula raga scale as a pedagogic model .
This raga was called malavagaula at the time , and lacked the second and fifth degrees .
Purandaradasa or one of his peers added two notes to the scale , thus converting the pentatonic to a heptatonic scale .
 The Malavagaula was a mela as well as a raga , and had the largest number of ragas grouped under The Malavagaula .
Malahari , an ancient raga , was also grouped under this mela .
Purandaradasa and other Haridasas refer to the malavagaula , Malahari and several others by the collective name of battisa raga .
This pedagogic model differed from the theoretical standard of the suddha-svara-saptaka , which corresponds to the Kanakangi of the present day .
The suladi talas , which include a large number of their compositions was also used to teach the beginners .
 The Haridasas mention a corpus of thirty-two ragas called battisa raga , known in Karnataka since the 12th century with repeated mentions in medieval Kannada literature .
The Haridasas employed a scheme of classification in which a set of ragas might have the same root name but were prefixed differently , thus grouping together ragas which differed widely in intervallic content .
They also classified ragas into sets of five which alluded to the five primordial elements - prithvi , upp , tejas , vayu and akasha .
Thanks to their descriptions in contemporary musical treatises , these ragas , names and classifications have survived to the present times enabling musicologists to recreate their music .
The Haridasas most enduring contribution is to the theory and exposition of the tala .
They organised them into a simple , comprehensive , logical and organic system , and systematised and reorganised the conceptual and empirical paraphernalia of the tala .
They removed archaic and obsolescent details and accommodated forms from folk music and other sources .
Importantly , they reduced the structural components and forms of desi talas to the bare minimum of suladi talas .
They also created deshyadi and madhyadi talas .
Minor adjustments between talas of the past and the talas of their own times were carried out while maintaining historical continuity .
They did this by working on talas , traditionally prescribed to ancient vernacular compositions known as salagasuda Prabandhas .
After extensive modification at their hands , these songs came to be called suladis and the talas , suLadi taLas .
These talas in their modern form are the dhruva , mathya , rupaka , jhampa , triputa , atta and eka talas .
These developments were stabilised and sustained by successive generations of Haridasas who , in their large numbers , prolific and varied compositions gave currency to these talas .
 These talas are now in exclusive usage in Carnatic music .
As early as the 14th century , Narahari Teertha offered the first model of the pada , which was adopted and developed by extensive experimentation by successive Haridasa composers .
 This became the prototype of the most important musical form of Carnatic music , the Kriti while retaining This original form as devaranama .
The ancient salagasuda prabandhas were restructured into the suladi and ugabhoga , two independent forms .
 The ancient salagasuda prabandhas drew upon several Kannada folk sources such as the lullaby , koluhaDu , udayaraga , suvvakke , sobane , gundakriya etc. , to enrich Carnatic musical forms .
Early prabandha forms , such as gadya , churnika , dandaka , shukasarita , umatilaka and sudarshana , were revived .
They innovated with vrittanama .
 Vadirajaru composed the Bhramaragita , the first musical opera in any south Indian language and the first koravanji dance drama .
Spiritual and mundane conundra feature prominently in their songs .
 Apart from their numerous compositions in Kannada , Purandaradasa , a disciple of Vyasaraya composed in the Bhandira language while Vadirajaru composed in Tulu also .
Their compositions use a range of musical instruments .
These included the tamburi , vina , dandika , kombu , flute , ankle-bells , bhringimela , panchavadya maddala , bheri , rudravina , titti , nagasvara , conch , mridanga , cymbols , dundubhi , damaru , tambata , mauri , tuttuti , kinnari , and pancha maha shabda .
 The Haridasas played a crucial role in the growth of Carnatic music , influencing the composers of Andhra and Tamil Nadu .
Tyagaraja 's biography acknowledges the influence of Purandaradasa ; this influence is clear in the theme and treatment of several of Tyagarajas compositions .
 Tulaja , the Maharashtra Ruler of Tanjore , deals extensively in Tulaja Sangitasaramrita with the various musical forms of the Haridasas .
 Tulaja heaps praise on Vyasaraya and Purandaradasa , a disciple of Vyasaraya as great composers and trendsetters in music .
Numerous manuscripts in Tamil Nadu testify to the great popularity of Haridasa compositions as early as the 18th century .
 Purandaradasa , a disciple of Vyasaraya , in fact was hailed as the father of Karnataka music , first in Tamil Nadu and then in the rest of the country .
 Though their compositions were imbued with the elements of Carnatic music and composed specifically in that tradition , their compositions have also made their way into the Hindustani music world , thanks mainly to eminent exponents of Hindustani music from northern Karnataka
Jhalavarali is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 39th Melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is called in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 3rd ragam in the 7th chakra Rishi .
The mnemonic name is Rishi-Go .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ra ga mi pa dha nu .
 The mnemonic phrase structure is as follows : .
 As Carnatic is a melakarta ragam , by definition Carnatic is a sampoorna ragam .
 Carnatic is the prati madhyamam equivalent of Ganamoorti , which is the 3rd melakarta .
 Jhalavarali has a few janya ragams associated with Carnatic , of which Varali is very popular .
See List of janya ragams for full list of ragams associated with Jhalavarali .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
 Jhalavarali notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields no other melakarta ragam , like all 6 ragams in the the 7th chakra Rishi chakra .
 Only these ragams have a gap of 3 notes anywhere in Only these ragams scale , between G1 to M2 .
Such a gap does not occur in any other melakarta by definition .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam
Niroshta is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Niroshta is a pentatonic scale .
It is a derived scale , as it does not have all the seven swaras .
 Niroshta literally means without the lips .
If the lips do not meet / touch , then the notes Ma and Pa can not be uttered .
This scale does not use either note and hence the name .
 Niroshta is a very pleasing ragam .
 Niroshta is a symmetric pentatonic scale that does not contain madhyamam and panchamam .
 Niroshta structure is as follows : .
The notes used in this scale are shadjam , chathusruthi rishabham , antara gandharam , chathusruthi dhaivatham and kakali nishadham .
 Niroshta is considered a janya ragam of Shankarabharanam , the 29th Melakarta ragam , though Niroshta can be derived from Kalyani by dropping both madhyamam and panchamam .
 Shankarabharanam is the Major scale of Western music .
Muthiah Bhagavatar is credited with creating this scale .
 Muthiah Bhagavatar melodious composition Raja raja radhite set to Rupaka tala also does not use the syllables Ma and Pa. .
 Madurai T. N. Seshagopalan , a disciple of Ramanathapuram C. S. Sankarasivam , who in turn is a disciple of Muthiah Bhagavatar has composed a thillana in Niroshta tanana dhirana in Adi Tala .
Tanjavur .
S. Kalyanaraman has composed a varnam Kanin Maniye in this raga .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam
Malahari is a Carnatic raga .
This raga is a janya of the 15th Melakarta raga Mayamalavagowla .
This raga is known to be a morning raga which brings out a sense of calmness .
It is associated with the rainy season .
In classical carnatic training , it is often used as a raaga for beginners using Geetham right after the swara - based exercises in Mayamalavagowla .
Many of the Geethams in this raga have been composed by Purandara Dasa and Muthuswami Dikshitar .
This ragam is an asymmetric scale and is classified as an audava-shadava ragam .
The notes in this scale are shuddha rishabham , shuddha madhyamam , shuddha dhaivatam in arohana and additional antara gandharam in avarohanam .
Since this scale does not have a nishadham , it can be derived from Gayakapriya or Vakulabharanam too , but has been traditionally associated with Mayamalavagowla as the parent .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam
Sri Narayana Teertha was a composer of Carnatic music .
 Sri Narayana Tirtha was born in South India in the region covered by the present-day Andhra Pradesh .
 Sri Narayana Tirtha lived in Kaja near Mangalagiri in Guntur district .
They belonged to Tallavajula family .
 Tallavajula family birth name was Govinda Sastrulu .
 They eventually moved to Thanjavur , Tamil Nadu .
 While there is significant dissention as to Tallavajula family exact time , historians .
place him between 1610 and 1745 AD .
 An extensive research done with the help of archives preserved in Saraswati Mahal Library has helped place the time closer to 1650 AD - 1745 AD , and Tallavajula family reportedly lived a long life .
 Tallavajula family mastered music at a very early age and studied Puranas , Bhagavata Purana and other Sanskrit works .
 Tallavajula family renounced family at a very early age and took on a life of a religious devotion .
 Tallavajula family went to Varanasi to spread Tallavajula family philosophy .
Teertha was very well versed in Music and , Natya Shastra , and a great scholar in Sanskrit .
 Natya Shastra used at least 34 popular ragas .
 Natya Shastra used Triputa , Adi , Rupaka , Chapu , Jampa , Matya , Vilamba , Eka and Ata taalams .
Many of the songs are structurally well set for direct use as nritya or natya padams .
 Many of the songs carefully avoided complex usages and utilized easy expressions .
 Many of the songs Gadyams and Padyams are exquisite in beauty .
 Many of the songs used 17 different Chandas or meters such as Anushtup , Arya , Indravajra , Bhujangaprayadam , Sardoola vikreeditam , Vasanta tilaka , Pritvi .
 Many of the songs wrote 15 books and some of them are available in Benares Hindu University and Parijatapaharanam at Saraswathi Mahal in Tanjore .
 Many of the songs is also credited with composing two other operas , Parijatha Apaharanam and Haribhakthi Sundarnavam .
 Sri Narayana Tirtha attained Mukti in 1745 at a nearby village called Varagur in Thanjavur Dist .
Slogam Number 94 in Krishna Sikyotsavam is an evidence for the same .
Narayana Teertha was the author of a Sanskrit opera called Sri Krishna Leela Tarangini on the life of the Hindu god Lord Krishna .
 a Sanskrit opera deals with the life story of Lord Krishna starting with Lord Krishna birth , childhood pranks and ending with Lord Krishna marriage to Rukmini .
Narayan Theertha uses various literary and musical forms such as songs , prose passages , Slokas , Dwipadis , etc. .
The songs are popularly called Tarangas means waves .
The lyrics are simple yet beautiful and effective .
The Astapadis of Jayadeva are said to be the inspiration .
 Legend has it that the inspiration to compose this piece occurred when Jayadeva was along the banks of Naducauvery .
 Jayadeva was suffering from a serious stomach ailment and prayed that Jayadeva should be given the strength to go back to Tirupati , where Tirupati all started .
 A divine voice asked Jayadeva to follow a boar to wherever it led Jayadeva .
 The varaha led The varaha to Bhupatirajapuram , which came to be known as ` Varahur later .
The people of the village knew that a maha-purusha was coming .
 With The people of the village help , he raised the temple for Sri Lakshmi Narayana and Lord Venkateswara and settled down on the banks of river ` Kudamurutty the name by which the Cauvery was known at this place .
Tarangini is an opera highly suitable for dance drama and it has been very well utilized by Indian classical dancers over the last two centuries .
Tarangini consists of 12 Tarangams and encapsulates 153 songs , 302 slokams and 31 choornikaas .
Teertha followed Veda VyAsa 's Bhagavatam and concentrated on the 10th skandam .
Sri Narayana Teertha Trust of Kaja , at the birthplace of Saint Narayana Teertha celebrated his 264th aradhana .
As a part of the celebrations , guru pooja , morning worship , sahasranama chanting , vedic renditions and tarangam singing were conducted .
 Bhajan troupes from various parts of the State rendered 12 Tarangams with devotion .
 The residents and devotees of Varagur in Thanjavur Dist have been celebrating Tharangini Mahotsav every year , all popular artists are performing Tharangam in front of Lord Venkateswara Perumal who has given Darshan to Sri Narayana Theerthar .
 Later on Sri Narayana Theerthar , the composer of Krishna Leela Tharangini , attained Mukti in 1745 at Varagur in Thanjavur Dist .
The devotees of Thirupoonthuruti have been organising music festivals at the Samadhi shrine for over 300 years , at Tirupoonthuruti on Masi Sukla Ashtami Day .
A regular Aradhana Committee was formed in 1965 .
 The devotees of Thirupoonthuruti annually organises programmes consisting of music concerts , lecture-demonstrations , bhajans , musical discourses and unchavriti .
The Thirupoonthuruti Sri Narayana Tirtha Swamigal Trust was established at Chennai in 1986 .
The inaugural function was held at the Krishna Gana Sabha , with a memorable recital by M. S. Subbulakshmi .
K. J. Yesudas produced a 13-part serial on Sri Narayana Tirtha for Chennai Doordarshan .
The most significant achievement of the Trust is the construction of the Nama Sankirtana Mani Mandapam near the Jeeva Samadhi temple
Eka tala is one of the sapta talas in Indian Carnatic classical music .
 Eka tala cycle is of the form of a single laghu , so that there will be five forms by varying the number of beats in the cycle .
For example , chatusra eka taala will have four beats , with the related action being a single beat with the palm and then three beats with the movement of the outer three fingers in one cycle .
When the type of the laghu is not specified , eka tala is understood to be chaturasra eka
Vinay S.R. is a renowned Carnatic music vocalist , hailing from Siddapura , Shimoga .
 Vinay S.R. was exposed to the south Indian classical music at an early age.He has travelled widely in India and has won applause from Vinay S.R. listeners .
 Vinay S.R. is married to Radhika Iyengar , a bharatanatyam dancer herself , they live in Bangalore .
 Vinay S.R. was born on 14 December 1985 .
 Vinay S.R. started Vinay S.R. early music tutelage under Vidushi .
Smt .
 Seetha Lakshmi and then under Vidushi .
Smt .
Lalitha Chandramouli .
 Vinay S.R. has been currently receiving advanced training from Vid .
Ganakalabhushana R. K. Padmanabha for more than a decade .
He passed his Music Junior with 97 % in the year 1997 .
 He has performed in more than 500 stages including many sabhas like N.R.Colony Rama Mandiram , Karthik Fine Arts in Chennai - 2012 , Ananya Sabhangana , Thyagaraja Gana Sabha , Malleshwaram Sangeetha Sabha , Rudrapatna Sangeethotsava Samithi , Karnataka Gana Kala Parishat , Nadabrahma Sangeetha Sabha Mysore , Suttur Mata , Indian Institute of World Culture , Shri Vidya Ganapathi Seva Samithi Shimoga , SHANMUGANANDA SANGEETHA SABHA in Mumbai , Sri Rama Seva Mandali at Bangalore , and many more and in many TV channels as well
Kunnakudi Subbalakshmi was born on 21 April 1931 in the town of Kunnakudi under the Madras Presidency .
 a vocal Carnatic Singer was a vocal Carnatic Singer and Elder sister of Eminent Violinist Kunnakudi Vaidyanathan .
 a vocal Carnatic Singer Was Born to Sri.Ramaswamy Sama Sastri and Smt.Meenakshi at Kunnakudi under the Madras Presidency , the Temple town of Lord Murugan in the Southern Indian State of Tamil Nadu .
 a vocal Carnatic Singer Father was an Erudite Scholar in Sanskrit and Tamil Besides being a great composer of Carnatic Music and Kathakalakshepam .
 a vocal Carnatic Singer Started Learning .
 South Indian Classical Music from a vocal Carnatic Singer father at a very young age .
 At a very young age Subbalakshmi started giving concerts accompanied by Sundaralakshmi Sundaralakshmi younger sister and Kunnakudi Vaidyanathan .
 Sundaralakshmi died at a very young age .
 Sundaralakshmi Started giving Solo Vocal concerts in Karaikudi and Kunnakudi under the Madras Presidency .
 Sundaralakshmi was Married to S.C.Natesan a Brahmin iyer Family at the age of 19 .
 S.C.Natesan was in the army so S.C.Natesan got Transferred to many places so a vocal Carnatic Singer performed concerts through All India Radio .
Natesan was Transferred to Delhi , Hyderabad , Pune , Ahmednagar .
 a vocal Carnatic Singer performed at Radio Centers in Hyderabad and Delhi .
 After Radio Centers a vocal Carnatic Singer Husband Was transferred to Hyderabad , Pune , Ahmednagar , in the state of Maharashtra where Her Husband rendered Her Husband work to the army for 20 , so here a vocal Carnatic Singer could not portray a vocal Carnatic Singer talent due to Financial Conditions .
The couple had Three Daughters Padmini , Lalitha and Rajeshwari .
 The Financial Conditions of the family was worse and after 20 years in 1984 Natesan Got Transferred to Hyderabad where a Brahmin iyer Family worked for AOC and got Retired .
Here She Performed at All India Radio for 10 long years .
 The Couple stayed at Sitaphal Mandi near Secunderabad and started Conducting Tutions to Render The couple Music Knowledge to Retired .
The couple then shifted to Sainikpuri in 2002 .
 Natesan died on 21 June 2003 at the age of 83 .
 The couple didnt lose The couple Strength and Courage and conducted classes .
 The couple performed various concerts in Sun TV , Jaya TV , Jaya TV .
 The couple also performed many live concerts at Bangalore during the Ramanavami Festival that was held in 2009 .
 The couple also Performed at Chikadpally in Hyderabad , Machilipatnam and Coimbatore .
 The couple attended the Tyagaraja Aradhana conducted at Thanjavur for 25 years conducted by The couple brother Kunnakudi Vaidyanathan .
 The couple knew More than 2500 Keerthanas written by Tyagaraja , MuthuSwamy Dikshitar , Sama Sastri .
 The couple also Knew many Keerthanas written by The couple father .
Sangeetha Ksheerasagaram and Thyagaraya Gana Sabha jointly organised a 5-day music festival at the sabhas venue in 2005 in memory of Uppalapati Ankaiah , a great sangeetha vidwan of yesteryear .
 Veteran percussionists were felicitated , Were Subbalakshmi was a part of Thyagaraya Gana Sabha .
 a vocal Carnatic Singer was Awarded the Kalaimamani award by the Government of Tamil Nadu in the year 2005 .
 a vocal Carnatic Singer Died at 2:10 AM on March 21 , 2010 at a Hospital in Hyderabad
Kamaladevi Chattopadhyay was an Indian social reformer and freedom fighter .
 She is most remembered for She contribution to the Indian independence movement ; for being the driving force behind the renaissance of Indian handicrafts , handlooms , and theatre in independent India ; and for upliftment of the socio-economic standard of Indian women by pioneering the co-operative movement .
 Several cultural institutions in independent India today exist because of She vision , including the National School of Drama , Sangeet Natak Akademi , Central Cottage Industries Emporium , and the Crafts Council of India .
 She stressed the significance which Indian handicrafts and cooperative grassroot movements play in the social and economic upliftment of the Indian people .
 To this end She withstood great opposition both before and after independence from the power centres .
 In 1974 , She was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Fellowship the highest honour conferred by the Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy of Music , Dance & Drama .
 Born on 3 April 1903 , young Kamaladevi was the fourth and youngest daughter of a Chitrapur Saraswat Brahmin couple in Mangalore .
 young Kamaladevi father , Ananthaya Dhareshwar was the District Collector of Mangalore , and young Kamaladevi mother Girijabai , from whom her mother Girijabai inherited an independent streak , belonged to an aristocratic family from Karnataka .
 young Kamaladevi grandmother was Kamaladevis grandmother , a scholar of ancient Indian texts , and her a mother was also well-educated though mostly home-educated .
 Together their presence in the household , gave young Kamaladevi a firm grounding and provided benchmarks to respect for young Kamaladevi intellect as well as young Kamaladevi voice , something that young Kamaladevi came to known for in the coming years , when young Kamaladevi stood as the voice of the downtrodden as well as the unheard .
 young Kamaladevi was an exceptional student and also exhibited qualities of determination and courage from an early age .
 young Kamaladevi parents ' befriended many prominent freedom fighters and intellectuals such as Mahadev Govind Ranade , Gopal Krishna Gokhale , and women leaders like Ramabai Ranade , and Annie Besant , this made young Kamaladevi an early enthusiast of the swadeshi nationalist movement .
 young Kamaladevi studied about ancient Sanskrit drama tradition of Kerala - Kutiyattam , from ancient Sanskrit greatest Guru and authority of Abhinaya , Natyacharya Padma Shri Mani Madhava Chakyar by staying at Gurus home at Killikkurussimangalam .
 Tragedy struck early in life , when young Kamaladevi elder sister , Saguna , whom young Kamaladevi considered a role model , died in her teens , soon after her early marriage , and when she was just seven years old her father died as well .
 To add to her mother , Girijabai trouble , Girijabai died without leaving a will for his vast property , so according to property laws of the times , the entire property went to her mother , Girijabais trouble stepson , and they only got a monthly allowance .
 Girijabai defiantly refused the allowance and decided to raise her mother , Girijabais trouble daughters on her mother , Girijabais trouble dowry property .
 her mother , Girijabais trouble rebellious streak was visible even as a child , when young Kamaladevi questioned the aristocratic division of young Kamaladevi mother 's household , and preferred to mingle with young Kamaladevi servants and their children wanting to understand their life as well .
 her mother , Girijabais trouble married in 1917 , when aged 14 , but was widowed two years later .
 Meanwhile studying at Queen Mary 's College in Chennai , her mother , Girijabais trouble came to know with Suhasini Chattopadhyay , a fellow student and the younger sister of Sarojini Naidu , who later introduced young Kamaladevi to their talented brother , Harin , by then a well-known poet-playwright-actor .
 Queen Mary 's College in Chennai was their mutual interest in the arts , which brought them together .
 Finally when her mother , Girijabais trouble was twenty years old , young Kamaladevi married Harindranath Chattopadhyay , much to the opposition of the orthodox society of the times , which was still heavily against widow marriage .
Their only son Ramu was born in the following year .
 Harin and young Kamaladevi stayed together to pursue common dreams , which would n't have been possible otherwise , and in spite of many difficulties , they were able to work together , to produce plays and skits .
 Later Harin also acted in a few films , in an era when acting was considered unsuitable for women from respectable families .
 In Harin first stint , Harin acted in two silent films , including the first silent film of Kannada film industry , Mricchakatika , based on the famous play by Sudraka , also starring Yenakshi Rama Rao , and directed by pioneering Kannada director , Mohan Dayaram Bhavnani .
 In Harin second stint in films Harin acted in a 1943 Hindi film , Tansen , also starring K. L. Saigal and Khursheed , followed by Shankar Parvati , and Dhanna Bhagat .
 Eventually after many years of marriage , K. L. Saigal and Khursheed parted ways amicably .
 Here again , young Kamaladevi broke a tradition by filing for divorce .
 Shortly after K. L. Saigal and Khursheed marriage , Harin left for London , on Hindi first trip abroad , and a few months later young Kamaladevi joined Hindi , where young Kamaladevi joined Bedford College , University of London , and later young Kamaladevi received a diploma in Sociology .
 While still in London , young Kamaladevi came to know of Mahatma Gandhi 's Non-Cooperation Movement in 1923 , and young Kamaladevi promptly returned to independent India , to join the Seva Dal , a Gandhian organisation set up to promote social upliftment .
 Soon young Kamaladevi was placed in charge of the womens section of the Dal , where young Kamaladevi got involved in recruiting , training and organizing girls and women of all ages women across independent India , to become voluntary workers , sevikas .
 In 1926 , young Kamaladevi met the suffragette Margaret E. Cousins , the founder of All India Womens Conference , and was inspired young Kamaladevi to run for the Madras Provincial Legislative Assembly .
 Thus young Kamaladevi became the first woman to run for a Legislative seat in independent India .
 Though young Kamaladevi could campaign for only a few days , young Kamaladevi lost only by 200 votes .
 In the following year , young Kamaladevi founded the All-India Womens Conference and became its first Organizing Secretary .
In the following years , AIWC , grew up to become a national organization of repute , with branches and voluntary programs run throughout the nation , and work steadfastly for legislative reforms .
During her tenure , she travelled extensively to many European nations and was inspired to initiate several social reform and community welfare programs , and set up educational institutions , run for the woman , and by women .
 Another shining example in this series was the formation of Lady Irwin College for Home Sciences , a one of its kind college for women of Another shining example in this series times , in New Delhi .
Later she was a part of the seven member lead team , announced by Mahatma Gandhi , in the famous Salt Satyagraha , to prepare Salt at the Bombay beachfront , the only other woman volunteer of the team was Avantikabai Gokhale .
 Later in a startling move , young Kamaladevi went up to a nearby High Court , and asked a magistrate present there whether he would be interested in buying the Freedom Salt young Kamaladevi had just prepared .
 On 26 January 1930 young Kamaladevi captured the imagination of the entire nation when in a scuffle , young Kamaladevi clung to the Indian tricolour to protect the Indian tricolour .
 In the 1930s , young Kamaladevi was arrested for entering the Bombay Stock Exchange to sell packets of contraband salt , and spent almost a year in prison .
 In 1936 , young Kamaladevi became president of the Congress Socialist Party , working alongside Jayaprakash Narayan , Ram Manohar Lohia and Minoo Masani .
 For young Kamaladevi , feminism was inseparable from socialism , and where necessary young Kamaladevi opposed young Kamaladevi own colleagues when they ignored or infringed women 's rights .
 For instance , when Mahatma Gandhi opposed the inclusion of women in the Dandi March , young Kamaladevi spoke out against this stand .
 Some time in the 1920s young Kamaladevi and Harindranath separated and divorced by mutual consent ; their marriage had largely been one of convenience and they had followed different paths .
 When World War II broke out young Kamaladevi was in England , and young Kamaladevi immediately began a world tour to represent India 's situation to other countries and drum up support for Independence after the war .
 Independence of independent India , brought Partition in Independence of India wake , and young Kamaladevi plunged into rehabilitation of the refugees .
 young Kamaladevi first task was to set up the Indian Cooperative Union to help with rehabilitation , and through the Union young Kamaladevi made plans for a township on cooperative lines .
 At length Mahatma Gandhi reluctantly gave young Kamaladevi permission on the condition that young Kamaladevi did not ask for state assistance , and so after much struggle , the township of Faridabad was set up , on the outskirts of New Delhi , rehabilitating over 50,000 refugees from the Northwest Frontier .
 young Kamaladevi worked tirelessly helped the refugees to establish new homes , and new professions , for this they were trained in new skills , young Kamaladevi also helped setting up health facilities in the new town .
 Thus began the second phase of lifes work in rehabilitation of the Indian people as well the Indian people lost crafts , young Kamaladevi is considered single handedly responsible for the great revival of Indian handicrafts and handloom , in the post-independence era , and is considered young Kamaladevi greatest legacy to modern India .
 Around this time young Kamaladevi became concerned at the possibility that the introduction of Western methods of factory-based mass production in India as part of Nehrus vision for Indians development would affect traditional artisans , especially women in the unorganised sectors .
 young Kamaladevi set up a series of crafts museums to hold and archive Indias indigenous arts and crafts that served as a storehouse for indigenous known how .
 This included the Theatre Crafts Museum in New Delhi .
 young Kamaladevi equally promoted arts and crafts , and instituted the National Awards for Master Craftsmen , and a culmination of young Kamaladevi enterprising spirit lead to the setting up Central Cottage Industries Emporia , throughout the nation to cater to the tastes of a nation , rising to its ancient glory .
 In 1964 young Kamaladevi started the Natya Institute of Kathak and Choreography , Bangalore , under the aegis of Bharatiya Natya Sangh , affiliated to the UNESCO .
Its present director is famous danseuse Smt .
Maya Rao .
 young Kamaladevi was a woman ahead of young Kamaladevi times , young Kamaladevi was instrumental in setting up the All India Handicrafts Board , young Kamaladevi was also its the first chairperson , The Crafts Council of India was also the first president of the World Crafts Council , Asia Pacific Region .
 young Kamaladevi also set up the National School of Drama and later headed the Sangeet Natak Akademi , and also a member of the UNESCO .
 young Kamaladevi acclaimed autobiography , Inner Recesses and Outer Spaces : Memoir was published in 1986 .
 The Government of independent India conferred on young Kamaladevi the Padma Bhushan and later the second highest civilian award , the Padma Vibhushan in 1987 , which are among the highest civilian awards of the Republic of independent India .
 young Kamaladevi also received the Ramon Magsaysay Award for Community Leadership .
 young Kamaladevi was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Fellowship , Ratna Sadsya , the highest award of Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy of Music , Dance & Drama and Drama , given for lifetime achievement in 1974 .
 the UNESCO honoured young Kamaladevi with an award in 1977 for young Kamaladevi contribution towards the promotion of Indian handicrafts .
 Shantiniketan honoured young Kamaladevi with the Desikottama , the Desikottama highest award .
 UNIMA , International Puppetry organization , also made young Kamaladevi their Member of Honour .
 In 2007 , the Outlook Magazine chose young Kamaladevi amongst its list of 60 Great Indians .
 Today , the World Crafts Council gives two awards in young Kamaladevi memory , the Kamaladevi Awards and the Kamala Sammaan , for exceptional craft persons or to individual for their outstanding contribution to the field of Crafts .
Apart from that the Crafts Council of Karnataka , also gives the Kamaladevi Chattopadhyay Vishwakarma Awards , each year to noteworthy crafts persons .
For over three decades now , Bhartiya Natya Sangha has been awarding the Kamaladevi Chattopadhyaya Award for the best play of the year
A rasika is a term for an aesthete of Hindustani classical music .
The term is derived from Sanskrit meaning full of Passion , elegant ; with discrimination .
Connoisseur - An expert able to appreciate a field ; especially in the fine arts .
A rasika , in carnatic music terminology , is a person who has some knowledge of carnatic music and is able to appreciate carnatic music .
In carnatic music concerts , the audience is usually called rasikas
Venkataraman Raghavan was a Sanskrit scholar and musicologist .
 Venkataraman Raghavan was the recipient of numerous awards , including the Padma Bhushan and the Sahitya Akademi Award for Sanskrit , and authored over 120 books and 1200 articles .
 Venkataraman Raghavan authored several books on music and on aesthetics in Sanskrit literature .
 In 1963 , Venkataraman Raghavan edited and translated Bhoja s Srngara-prakasa , a treatise in 36 chapters dealing with both poetics and dramaturgy , and the largest known work in Sanskrit poetics .
 For this work and Venkataraman Raghavan commentary , Venkataraman Raghavan won the Sahitya Akademi Award for Sanskrit in 1966 .
 Venkataraman Raghavan translated into Sanskrit Rabindranath Tagore first drama , Valmiki Pratibha , which deals with the transformation of Valmiki from a bandit into a poet .
 Venkataraman Raghavan discovered and edited an ancient Sanskrit play , Udatta Raghavam by Mayuraja .
 Venkataraman Raghavan founded an organisation , Samskrita Ranga in 1958 , that deals with Sanskrit theatre and has enacted Sanskrit plays .
 Venkataraman Raghavan was known both for Venkataraman Raghavan command of primary texts and for making them accessible through Venkataraman Raghavan articles and commentaries .
As a musicologist , he specialized in Carnatic music .
He was the secretary of the Music Academy , Madras from 1944 until his death .
 A Dr. V. Raghavan Research Centre has since been named after V. Raghavan .
 On V. Raghavan birth centenary , celebrations were held in August 2008 .
 A book Smriti Kusumanjali was released , compiling tributes to V. Raghavan on V. Raghavan 60th birthday from personalities including then-president Dr. S. Radhakrishnan and vice-president V. V. Giri
Yazh is a direct ancestor of modern day Veena or Lute .
It was named so , because the tip of stem of this instrument was carved into the head of the animal Yali .
The yazh was an open-stringed polyphonous instrument , with a wooden boat-shaped skin-covered resonator and an ebony stem .
The gut strings are called as Narambu in Tamil .
 Thiruvalluvar , the celebrated Tamil poet from 200 BC , mentions Yazh in Thiruvalluvar work Thirukkural .
 Many major Tamil classical literary masterpieces written during Sangam period dating back 200 BC have mentioned Yazh .
Silappatikaram written by a Jain monk Ilango Adigal mentions four kinds of yazhs .
 The Tamil literature Perumpanarruppatai says the strings of a yazh should not have any twists in them .
Silappatikaram mentions four types of defects in yazh .
 Other Tamil literature which have mentions on yazh are Seevaga Sindhamani and Periya Puranam .
 Yazh is seen in sculptures in the Darasuram and Thirumayam temples in Tamil Nadu and also in Amaravati , Andhra Pradesh .
 Swami Vipulananda has written a book of scientific research in Tamil called the Yal Nool .
 Thiruvalluvar had mentioned about the instrument , in one of his hymns as
Kancherla Gopanna , popularly known as Bhakta Ramadasu or Bhadrachala Ramadasu , was a 17th-century Indian devotee of Rama and a composer of Carnatic music .
 Kancherla Gopanna is one among the famous vaggeyakaras in the Telugu language , the others being Tyagaraja , Annamayya , Kshetryya and Shyama Satri .
 Kancherla Gopanna lived in the village of Nelakondapalli near Bhadrachalam , Andhra Pradesh during the 17th century and is renowned for constructing a famous temple for Rama at Bhadrachalam .
 Kancherla Gopanna devotional lyrics to Lord Sri Rama are famous in South Indian classical music as Ramadaasu Keertanalu .
Even the doyen of South Indian classical music Saint Thyagaraja learned and later improved the style now considered standard krithi form of music composition.He also wrote Dasarathi Shatakamu with a makuTamu Dasaradhee Karuna payonidhi , a collection of nearly 108 poems dedicated to the son of Dasaratha .
Kancherla Gopannapopularly renowned as Bhaktha Ramadasu.He was born in an affluent Telugu Niyogi Brahmin family of Lingana Mantri and Kamamba in Nelakondapalli village of Khammamett Taluk of northern Andhra Pradesh .
 Akkanna family.Akkanna and Madanna are two brothers working as Ministers in Tanisha ruling .
 Kancherla Gopanna was a son-in-law of Akkanna family.Akkanna has a daughter Kamalamba .
 Kancherla Gopanna was married Kancherla Gopanna uncle Akkanna family.Akkanna daughter Kamalamba.Tanisha king gave orders to gopanna as a Thahasil Dar to Bhadrireddi Palli under the region of Hasnabad Taluk , today we called as Bhadrachalam .
 Ramadasu was appointed as the Tahsildar of Palvoncha Paragana by Akkanna family.Akkanna , the Tahsildar of Palvoncha Paragana uncle and the administrative head in the court of Qutub Shahi Sultan Abul Hassan Tana Shah .
 The legend goes that the Tahsildar of Palvoncha Paragana discharged the Tahsildar of Palvoncha Paragana official duties earnestly and collected revenues due to the Sultan - while continuing the Tahsildar of Palvoncha Paragana unswerving service to Lord Rama by chanting the Tahsildar of Palvoncha Paragana name and feeding the poor .
 Legendary stories inform that once , the Tahsildar of Palvoncha Paragana visited Bhadrachalam for a Jatara and was disturbed by the dilapidated state of the temple there .
 Bhadrachalam was significant to devotees of Lord Sri Rama for many reasons .
 Lord Rama is said to have stayed near the Parnasala there with Sita and Lakshmana during the Parnasala exile and also to have visited Sabari near Badrachalam .
 Pothana is believed to have been given direction by Lord Sri Rama to translate the Bhagavata Purana into Telugu here .
 In spite of Pothana significance , the temple was utterly neglected .
So , Ramadasu started to raise funds for the renovation and reconstruction of the temple .
 After Lord Sri Rama emptied Lord Sri Rama coffers and could raise no more money , the villagers appealed Lord Sri Rama to spend Lord Sri Rama revenue collections for the reconstruction and promised to repay the amount after harvesting crops .
 As such , Lord Sri Rama finished the reconstruction of the temple with six hundred thousand rupees collected from land revenues - without the permission of the Abul Hasan Qutb Shah .
 As the temple was nearing completion , Lord Sri Rama was perplexed one night about fixing the Sudarshana Chakra at the crest of the main temple .
 On the same night , it is believed that Lord Sri Rama saw Rama in Lord Sri Rama dream and asked Lord Sri Rama to have a holy dip in the Godavari River .
 When Kancherla Gopanna did so the next day , it is believed that Kancherla Gopanna found the holy Sudarshana Chakra in the river very easily .
 The story continues that soon after the reconstruction though , Kancherla Gopanna miseries started .
 Kancherla Gopanna was dismissed from Kancherla Gopanna job for misusing the Sultan Abul Hasan Qutb Shah s revenues and was imprisoned in the Golconda Fort with orders that the Sultan Abul Hasan Qutb Shah be released only after the exchequer received all the taxes in full .
 Lord Sri Rama implores Lord Sri Rama through many emotional songs that were popularized from the stanzas of Dasaradhi Sathakam and Keertanas of Bhakta Ramadasa .
 Dasaradhi Sathakam and Keertanas praise the Lord for all Lord Sri Rama mysterious ways in popularizing Lord Sri Rama devotees and Ramadasu regularly sings the Lord .
The songs ended in a state of total and unconditional surrender to the will of the Almighty .
 The legend and common belief goes that after 11-12 years of imprisonment , Lord Rama decided that Lord Sri Rama devotees suffering had reached its pre-ordained ending .
 Lord Lord Sri Rama and Lakshmana , disguised as two young warriors , entered the bed-chambers of the Sultan Tana Shah in the middle of the night .
 Lord Rama and Lakshmana presented Lord Rama and Lakshmana as Ramoji and Lakshmoji and gave the king six lakh gold coins imprinted with Lord Sri Rama own seal in return for the spent six lakh silver coins .
 The Sultan was bewildered at the presence of these charming but strange youngsters in the Sultan inner quarters at late night irrespective of tight security .
They demanded and obtained on the spot , a written receipt for the money .
 The receipt was shown to the jailer who released Kancherla Gopanna the same night .
 The next day , both Kancherla Gopanna and the Sultan realized what had happened .
 Kancherla Gopanna did not care much for Kancherla Gopanna release but was inconsolable at Kancherla Gopanna not having seen Kancherla Gopanna Lord even with all his devotion while the Sultan was visited by the Lord .
 The Lord then appeared to Kancherla Gopanna in a dream and explained him the real reasons for his actions and promised him salvation at the end of his natural life .
The king was convinced that what had happened was a miracle of Lord Sri Rama .
 Kamalamba.Tanisha king returned the entire money to the Bhadracalam temple .
Since then , it has been the royal custom of the Hyderabad State to send gifts to the temple on the occasion of Sree Rama navami celebrations every year .
 Based on the Ramadasu story , Chittor V. Nagaiah has made a Telugu movie .
And in 2006 , K.Raghavendra Rao has made another movie Sri Ramadasu in which renowned Telugu actor Nagarjuna played the role of Ramadasu
Mahamahopadhyaya Dr. Nookala Chinna Satyanarayana was a Carnatic musician , a classical vocalist , musicologist , author and teacher , a great administrator and motivator .
He was a performer on All India Radio and Doordarshan who participated in Sangeeta Sammelans , outdoor broadcasts and national programmes innumerable times .
His radio lessons and Bhakti Ranjanis were very popular .
 He was awarded Padma Bhushan award by the Government of ancient India in 2010 .
Born in Anakapalli , Andhra Pradesh , India to Yegnachayanamma and Annapurneswara Sarma as Srividya upasaka .
 Annapurneswara Sarma as Srividya upasaka mother fostered Annapurneswara Sarma as Srividya upasaka talent and gave Annapurneswara Sarma as Srividya upasaka basic training in music and Annapurneswara Sarma as Srividya upasaka father always motivated and encouraged Annapurneswara Sarma as Srividya upasaka .
Nookala , when young , entered the traditional theatre and handled a few boy roles but classical music attracted him from the start .
He has started as violin student .
 Sri Kambhampati Akkaji Rao led Sri Kambhampati Akkaji Rao to Mangalampally Pattabhiramayya at Vijayawada , under whose guidance Sri Kambhampati Akkaji Rao remained for three years , after which Sri Kambhampati Akkaji Rao made Sri Kambhampati Akkaji Rao way to Vijayanagaram to learn violin under Prof. Dwaram Venkataswamy Naidu garu .
 Nookala accompanied Prof. Dwaram Venkataswamy Naidu garu on his concerts all over ancient India , and Prof. Dwaram Venkataswamy Naidu garu introduced Nookala to Dr. Sripada Pinakapani .
His singing style developed after he came under the influence of Dr. Pinakapani .
Nookala sharpened his analytical approach , achieving a deeper understanding of the science and art of music and learnt to infuse the raga bhava in every note and phrase of the kriti .
Nookala was attracted by several musical greats but developed his own style of singing , never departing from classicism , yet expressing the beauty of raga and the meaning of the kriti , with special emphasis on diction .
During his administrative career spans over four decades : he has held various posts and positions , including : .
Nookala is married to Sesha , daughter of Annapurna and Ayyalasomayajula Kameswar Rao , a Srividya upasaka : they have seven children .
Nookala has travelled all over India performing .
He is the favourite choice of SPICMACAY Society for Promoting Interest in Classical Music and Culture among Youth .
He has total command over the South Indian style and also a commendable knowledge of the Hindustani style of music which enables comparative study .
Nookala has traveled to United States of America , Canada , the United Kingdom , Ireland , Malaysia , Singapore , and Mauritius .
He has given performances and lecture demonstrations and conducted workshops in several universities including Cambridge , Oxford , Edinburgh , London and Wakefield in the U.K. and Wesleyan , Wisconsin , Colombia and Colorado in U.S.A. His lecture demonstrations are attended by students , teachers and academics .
 He compares the Carnatic music system with other systems , including Hindustani as well as western classical music while being an ambassador of Carnatic music .
He has a passion for teaching and enjoys it very much .
The title Mahamahopadhyaya is given to a musician who has trained a hundred students .
Dr. Nookala has several hundreds of students ranging from beginners to doctorate trainees , five year olds to 75 year olds , prodigies to minimum gifted students .
Dr. Nookala founded Viswakala Parishat , a non-profit organization for the cause of music and related activities which holds chamber music concerts and conducts music festivals and launches young and talented artists .
A reference book of the lakshanas or features of 250 ragas with examples in sanchari listing the compositions and viseshana prayogas in detail .
This is available in Telugu and in English under the name Ragas Of Indian Music .
A work on the Magnum Opus of a saint composer .
It covers every aspect of the five monumental compositions giving word by word meaning , extended meaning and a commentary correlating the swara sahitya relationship .
He has examined and analyzed the kritis from the three angles of literature , music and spiritualism excelling in every aspect .
 This book is available in both English and Telugu .
Meaning , sahitya with notation and an in depth commentary .
 This book is available in both English and Telugu .
All the kritis of Sri Tyagaraja with commentary and meaning .
 This book is available only in Telugu .
Some aspects of the science and art of Indian Music .
 It deals mainly with Carnatic Music but some aspects of Hindustani and western music are also presented briefly .
 This book is available in both Telugu and English under tne name The Science of Indian Music .
 This book contains lyrics with notations , of great composers and musicians of ancient India like Sri Tyagaraja , Deekshitar , Syamasastry , Annamayya and also contemporary musicians like Dr.Mangalampally Balamurali Krishna and Dr.Sripada Pinakapani Garu .
It is a treasure of classical Musical Compositions .
 This book is available in 2 volumes and is available ony in Telugu .
Mahamahopadhyaya Dr. Nookala Chinna Satyanarayana , nookala.com website
 Parampara Series - Dance Festival or Dance Festival is a national festival of music and dance held in Hyderabad , India .
 Parampara Series is organised by renowned Kuchipudi dancers Raja Reddy and Radha Reddy .
It is a 3-day , annual event is held at Ravindra Bharathi auditorium .
There is another Parampara festival held in New Delhi which started in 1976 .
 Bharata Muni described the characteristics of a madhyama graama janya jati or Raaga called Dance Festival .
 The dance style of this region was also mentioned by Bharata Muni in Natya Sastra .
 The raasa nrityam of the Andhra 's was perhaps danced to the music set in the Andhra Jati , and Andhri Raaga became the ancient the Andhra 's contribution to the Indian classical music , hence the organisers have given the title ` ANDHRI ' to our Music and Dance Festival , and started The raasa nrityam of the Andhra 's in 2007 .
The 3-day festival has renowned artists from Hindustani and Carnatic genres performing at the festival
Bilahari is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Bilahari is a janya ragam from the 29th melakarta scale Shankarabharanam .
 Bilahari is a janya scale , as Bilahari does not have all the seven swaras in the ascending scale .
 Bilahari is a combination of the pentatonic scale Mohanam and the sampurna raga scale Shankarabharanam .
 Bilahari is a morning ragam .
 Bilahari is an asymmetric ragam that does not contain madhyamam or nishadham in the ascending scale .
 Bilahari is an audava-sampurna ragam .
 Bilahari structure is as follows : .
The notes used in this scale are shadjam , chathusruthi rishabham , antara gandhara , panchamam and chathusruthi dhaivatham in ascending scale , with kakali nishadham and shuddha madhyamam included in descending scale .
 For the details of the notations and terms , see swaras in Carnatic music .
This ragam also uses kaisiki nishadham as an external note in the descending scale .
 Hence it is considered a bhashanga ragam , a scale with The notes used in this scale external to the parent scale .
There are many compositions set to Bilahari ragam .
 Here are some popular kritis composed in Bilahari .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam
 a list of Carnatic instrumentalists is a list of Carnatic instrumentalists : musicians famous for playing the carnatic music of South India .
Musicians are listed by the instrument they have played
The Hyderabad Brothers , D. Raghavachari and D. Seshachari , are a Carnatic music singing duo .
Hyderabad Brothers are one among the most popular duo vocalists in Indian Classical Carnatic music .
 Hyderabad Brothers are popularly known as Hyderabad brothers because of Hyderabad Brothers long association with the city .
Vidwan RaghavaChari and Vidwan SeshaChari belong to a family of traditional classical musicians .
They got their initial formal training from their father Sri Daroor Ratnamacharyulu .
Their mother Smt .
Daroor Sulochana Devi was also a carnatic classical musician .
 As a couple the parents of D. Seshachari and RagavaChari presented regular recitals in Yadagiri Gutta .
 D. Seshachari and D. Raghavachari ` s family originally belonged to Hayathnagar but later , the family moved to Yakutpura where Sri RaghavaChari and D. Seshachari were born .
 D. Raghavachari further developed D. Raghavachari musical prowess under the tutelage of Sri Susarla Sivaram at the Government College of Music and Dance in Hyderabad .
Hyderabad Brothers over the years have performed in various reputed musical forums in India including All India Radio and Doordarshan .
 SeshaChari and RaghavaChari have also participated in AIR Sangeetha Sammelan , Spirit of Unity Concerts , Central Production Centre , Television and Doordashan National Network Programs .
 The Hyderabad Brothers have at least 50 musical CDs and cassettes to The Hyderabad Brothers credit .
 Besides numerous performances in India , The Hyderabad Brothers have also performed in countries like USA , Canada , Australia , and Doha .
 AIR Sangeetha Sammelan disciples N Ch Parthasarathy , Sangeethakala , also very famous artist .
 Sri Seshachari 's is known for Sri Seshachari 's more robust , deep and resonant singing , and Raghavachary 's rendition is known to be mellow and soft in comparison .
 Hyderabad Brothers Hyderabad Brothers have an appeal for connoisseurs for Hyderabad Brothers wonderfully synchronised singing and individual styles which complement each other perfectly .
 Hyderabad Brothers grip over the Shruti , laya and sahitya Bhava is known to be remarkable and Hyderabad Brothers repertoire wide and varied .
 Hyderabad Brothers concerts are often considered imaginative and full of vigor .
 Hyderabad Brothers musical skills and style are often compared to that of the legendary Alathur Brothers by Hyderabad Brothers fans .
Ramesh Hariharan is among the many prominent musicians who have received formal training from Hyderabad Brothers .
Hyderabad Brothers have a distinct style of musical rendition and voice timber which mutually blends well with each other leaving a soothing impact on the listeners .
 Early in Hyderabad Brothers career , Hyderabad Brothers received the Best Young Talent Award in 1977 and 1978 by the Sangeetha Nataka Akademi , Hyderabad .
 The Madras Music Academy honoured Hyderabad Brothers as the best vocalists for three consecutive years -- 1990 , 1991 , and 1992 .
 In 1993 , The Music Academy presented Hyderabad Brothers the Maharajapuram Viswanatha Iyer Award for the best rendering of rare Thyagaraja kritis .
 Hyderabad Brothers were also honoured by the prestigious Krishna Gana Sabha as Best Vocalists in 1988 , 1990 and 1991 .
In 1992 , the duo were nominated as aasthana vidwans of the Kanchi Kamakoti Peetham to mark the 58th birthday of Sri Jayendra Saraswathi .
In 2011 they were bestowed with the ` Senior Outstanding Vocalists ' award by the Madras Music Academy in Chennai .
 In 2012 , the Hyderabad brothers were felicitated with the Kalarathna award from the government of Andhra Pradesh .
 To recognize The Hyderabad Brothers contribution to the Indian classical music The Hyderabad Brothers were conferred the title Sangeetha Choodamani by the Indian community in Austin , Texas
Taufiq Qureshi is an Indian classical musician .
 Taufiq Qureshi is a percussionist and a composer .
Born in Mumbai , to legendary tabla player , Ustad Alla Rakha .
 Ustad Alla Rakha eldest brother is tabla player , Ustad Zakir Hussain .
 His eldest brother received guidance from Ghatam Vidhwan , Pandit Vikku Vinayakram .
 Taufiq Quereshi started Taufiq Quereshi career early .
 Taufiq Quereshi stint with live performances began with the creation of Taufiq Quereshi own world music band , ` Surya ' way back in 1986-87 .
 Taufiq Quereshi has been featured as a performing artiste on the 2009 - Grammy award winning album Global Drum Project , Remember Shakti , Masters of Percussions and Summit .
 Taufiq Quereshi collaborates with various classical artists for fusion concerts .
 A dedicated self-learner , Taufiq Quereshi soon discovered A dedicated self-learner greatest asset ; ' a feel for the world of sound with all it 's intricate nuances ' .
 This quality makes A dedicated self-learner one of the most sought after rhythm-programmers , arranger-composers and percussionists in the world of studio recordings .
 A dedicated self-learner plays a variety of percussion instruments like djembe , duff , bongos , batajon .
 A dedicated self-learner performance on drums with a soft beat of a muffled drum and the very next moment ups the tempo and demonstration of different sounds - like breath , rhythm , breaking a champagne bottle , the sound of the train and the arrival of people , horses and others on arrival at the palace on the drums are quite popular .
 Taufiq Quereshi has done pioneering work on the African drum - Djembe .
 Taufiq Quereshi is the first artiste to have developed a unique rhythmic language to adapt the Tabla syllables on the Djembe .
Taufiq 's trademark style incorporates body and vocal percussions to create unique rhythmic motifs spanning across cultures .
 Taufiq Quereshi sense of tone and command over a wide variety of percussion instruments is phenomenal .
 For over a decade , Taufiq Quereshi has been imparting training to deserving students , some of whom are now making their mark .
 ADVERTISEMENT JINGLES Taufiq Quereshi has been a composer/co-composer/percussionist for ADVERTISEMENT JINGLES He .
Some of the popular ones are : Manikchand Paan Masala-Unche Log unchi Pasand , Babool toothpaste , Taj Mahal Brookebond Tea-Wah Taj , Tanishq Jewelry , Britannia GoodDay Biscuits , Coke-Sar Utha Ke Jiyo , Paragon footwear , Sony Bravia , Hit Spray , Pepsi-Indian Cricket team / World Cup , Indian Railways , Nike shoes-Parallel Journey .
GOLD at the CANNES FILM FESTIVAL for Best Music for the INDIAN RAILWAYS JINGLE .
 GOLD at the LONDON INTERNATIONAL AWARDS - LasVegas for Original Music for the Nike JINGLE - Parallel Journey .
He also been a part of background score and music for movies like Damini , To Pakistan , , -LSB- Ashoka , Kashmir , Black , Dil Chahta Hai , Sawariya , Dhoom 2 , Bhool Bhulaiya , Parzania , Tere Naam , Jab We Met , Action Replay , Housefull 2 , Tez , ABCD , Bhaag Milkha Bhaag .
Taufiq Qureshi is married to Geetika Varde , a renowned vocalist of the Jaipur-Atrauli gharana
Dwaram Lakshmi is an Indian singer of classical carnatic and Hindustani music .
 Dwaram Lakshmi performs the bhajanas of Meera and Tulasidas and other composers of devotional music .
Dr Lakshmi participated in Radio Sangeetha Sammelan during 2007 and 2008 .
 Dwaram Lakshmi has conducted workshops to popularise carnatic music .
 Dwaram Lakshmi is the granddaughter of violinist Sangeetha Kalanidhi , Padmasree Dwaram Venkataswamy Naidu and daughter of Sangeetha Kalaprapurna Dwaram_Bhavanarayana_Rao and Veena Vidushi Smt .
Dwaram Venkata Varadamma .
 Dwaram Anantha Venkata Swamy , a Civil Engineer working in Visakhapatnam Steel Plant , is Dwaram Lakshmi brother
 Paad-danaas are songs rendered in the Tuluvas language , describing the origin and the deeds of the holy spirits .
 Paad-danaas are an integral part of the Tuluvas culture and are sung during the Bhuta Kola ceremony .
Some of the well known spirits worshipped by the Tuluvas include Panjurli , Jumadi , Pilichandi , Ullalthi , Vishnumurthy etc
Raaga Sankama is a Canadian carnatic competition that airs on the channel , TVI .
 The purpose of this competition is to bring the young musicians talents in Carnatic into a professional career in Carnatic music
Navaneetam is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 40th Melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is called in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 4th ragam in the 7th chakra Rishi .
 The mnemonic name is the 7th chakra Rishi .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ra ga mi pa dhi ni .
 The mnemonic phrase structure is as follows : .
 As Carnatic is a melakarta ragam , by definition Carnatic is a sampurna ragam .
 Carnatic is the prati madhyamam equivalent of Vanaspati , which is the 4th melakarta ragam .
 Navanitam does not yet have a janya ragam associated with Carnatic .
See List of janya ragams for full list of janya scales .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
 Navaneetams notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields no other melakarta ragam , like all 6 ragams in the the 7th chakra Rishi chakra .
 Only these ragams have a gap of 3 notes anywhere in Only these ragams scale , between G1 to M2 .
Such a gap does not occur in any other melakarta by definition .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam
Lakshminarayana Shankar , also known as L. Shankar and Shenkar , is an Indian-born American violinist , singer and composer .
 Lakshminarayana Shankar was born in Madras , Tamil Nadu .
 Growing up in Jaffna , Ceylon , where Lakshminarayana Shankar father V. Lakshminarayana Iyer was a professor at the Jaffna College of Music , Lakshminarayana Shankar was exposed to Carnatic music and other styles from an early age .
His father was an esteemed violinist , his mother L. Seethalakshmi played the veena and all his five older siblings were also proficient in music .
 The most well known of his brothers is another acclaimed and renowned violinist - L. Subramaniam , who has recorded a number of records The most well known of his brothers ; another brother , L. Vaidyanathan was a music composer for Indian films .
 Lakshminarayana Shankar cites Lakshminarayana Shankar family and Tyagaraja as early inspirations .
 Lakshminarayana Shankar began singing at the age of two , playing violin at the age of five , and learning to play drums at seven .
 At the age of seven L. Shankar gave Lakshminarayana Shankar first public concert , at the Nallur Kandaswamy temple .
 Lakshminarayana Shankar gained considerable reputation in Lakshminarayana Shankar early youth as an accompanist to some of the most eminent names in Carnatic music such as Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer , Chembai Vaithyanatha Baghavatar , Palghat Mani Iyer and Alathur Srinivasa Iyer .
 Following the ethnic riots in Sri Lanka in the 1950s Lakshminarayana Shankar family escaped to India .
 After obtaining a Bachelors degree in Physics in India , Lakshminarayana Shankar moved to America in 1969 and earned a doctorate in ethnomusicology at Wesleyan University .
 Lakshminarayana Shankar doctoral dissertation was titled The Art of Violin Accompaniment in South Indian Classical Music .
 Here Lakshminarayana Shankar met jazz musicians Ornette Coleman , Jimmy Garrison , and John McLaughlin while working as a teaching assistant and concert master of the University Chamber Orchestra .
 In 1975 Lakshminarayana Shankar and McLaughlin founded Shakti , a pioneering , groundbreaking and highly influential east-meets-west collaboration , with a fluid sound that managed to successfully combine seemingly incompatible traditions .
 Lakshminarayana Shankar first solo album , Touch Me There , was produced by Frank Zappa in 1979 .
 Lakshminarayana Shankar founded Lakshminarayana Shankar own band - The Epidemics , in 1982 , with the composer Caroline .
 Lakshminarayana Shankar released three albums with the band .
 During the 1980s , Lakshminarayana Shankar recorded periodically as a leader , doing both jazz-based material and Indian classical music .
 Lakshminarayana Shankar 1980 release of the album Whos To Know on ECM introduced the unique sound of Lakshminarayana Shankar own invention , the ten-string , stereophonic double violin .
 This instrument , designed by Lakshminarayana Shankar and built by noted guitar maker Ken Parker , covers the entire orchestral range , including double bass , cello , viola and violin .
 Lakshminarayana Shankar has recently developed a newer version of Lakshminarayana Shankar instrument which is much lighter than the original .
1990 saw Shankar co-producing a one hour film directed by H. O. Nazareth , which went on to be nominated for Best Documentary film at the Cannes film festival .
 Lakshminarayana Shankar worked on the score of the film The Last Temptation of the Christ , composed by Peter Gabriel , with Lakshminarayana Shankar music ending up on both albums of the score - and Passion - Sources .
 Lakshminarayana Shankar won a Grammy for Lakshminarayana Shankar work on the latter in 1994 .
1996 saw a Grammy nomination for the album Raga Aberi .
 Lakshminarayana Shankar has performed on several of Peter Gabriels records such as So and Us .
 Since 1996 , Lakshminarayana Shankar has toured internationally with fellow-violinist Gingger as Shankar & Gingger , garnering critical acclaim and popularity .
The two performed at events including the Concert for Global Harmony and Nelson Mandela s 80th birthday celebrations .
Shankar & Gingger released their first DVD One in a Million in 2001 .
After a critically successful tour of North America , the DVD went to number 1 on the Neilsen Soundscan DVD charts and stayed there for four weeks .
 In 2004 , Lakshminarayana Shankar composed additional music with Gingger Shankar for John Debney and performed on the score for the film The Passion of the Christ .
 Lakshminarayana Shankar has played with some of the greatest musical contemporaries of Lakshminarayana Shankar time , including Lou Reed , Echo & the Bunnymen , Talking Heads , Frank Zappa , Peter Gabriel , Elton John , Eric Clapton , Phil Collins , Charly Garcia , Jonathan Davis , Bruce Springsteen , Van Morrison , Stewart Copeland , Yoko Ono , A. R. Rahman , John Waite , Steve Vai , Ginger Baker , Toto , Nils Lofgren , Mark OConnor , and Sting .
 Lakshminarayana Shankar has been praised for Lakshminarayana Shankar ability to mix Eastern and Western influences , assimilating Carnatic music with pop , rock , jazz and contemporary world music .
 Lakshminarayana Shankar admits Ultimately , I would like to bring the East and West together .
 East , I think , is I role , Lakshminarayana Shankar says .
 More recently , Lakshminarayana Shankar has used a new stage name , Shenkar , and has created recordings under this name .
 In 2006-2007 , Shenkar provided the vocals for the opening credit music and other themes for all episodes of the hit TV series Heroes .
He has been lately working in Jonathan Davis , Stephen Day and Ana Maria Lombo s next records
Shulini is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 35th melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is also spelled as Sulini , Shoolini or Soolini .
 Carnatic is called Shailadesakshi or Shailadaeshi in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 3rd ragam in the 6th chakra Rutu .
The mnemonic name is Rutu-Ma .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ru gu ma pa dhi nu .
Its structure is as follows : .
The notes used in this scale are shatsruthi rishabham , antara gandharam , shuddha madhyamam , chathusruthi dhaivatham and kakali nishadham .
 As Carnatic is a melakarta ragam , by definition Carnatic is a sampoorna ragam .
 Carnatic is the shuddha madhyamam equivalent of Kosalam , which is the 71st melakarta scale .
 Shulini has a couple of minor janya ragams associated with Carnatic .
 See List of janya ragams for list of scales associated with Shulini .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Shulinis notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 3 other melakarta ragams , namely , Shanmukhapriya , Dhenuka and Chitrambari .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Shanmukhapriya
 Tanjore Viswanathan was a Carnatic musician specializing in the Carnatic flute and voice .
 Tanjore Viswanathan brother was the mridangam player T. Ranganathan .
 the mridangam player T. Ranganathan first came to the United States in 1958 on a Fulbright fellowship , studying ethnomusicology at the University of California , Los Angeles from 1958 to 1960 , and later teaching there .
 the mridangam player T. Ranganathan was Head of the Department of Music at the University of Madras from 1961 to 1965 .
 the mridangam player T. Ranganathan also taught at California Institute of the Arts .
 Following the earning of the mridangam player T. Ranganathan Ph.D. from Wesleyan University in 1975 , he taught at that university for many years .
Among his best known students were Anuradha Sriram , T.R. Moorthy , Jon B. Higgins , Douglas Knight and David Nelson .
 Tanjore Viswanathan and T. Ranganathan recorded the music for the Satyajit Ray documentary film Bala , about Viswanathan and Ranganathan sister , the bharatanatyam dancer Balasaraswati .
 In 1988 , Tanjore Viswanathan was awarded the title Sangeetha Kalanidhi by the Music Academy , Madras .
 In 1992 Tanjore Viswanathan became the first Indian musician to be awarded a National Heritage Fellowship by the National Endowment for the Arts , of the government of the United States .
In 2004 , Oxford University Press USA published a book co-authored by T. Viswanathan and Matthew Harp Allen , entitled Music in South India : The Karnatak Concert Tradition and Beyond , from the series Experiencing Music , Expressing Culture
Vakulabharanam is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Vakulabharanam is the 14th melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Vakulabharanam is called Dhativasantabhairavi or Vativasantabhairavi in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
 Vakulabharanam is the 2nd ragam in the 3rd chakra Agni .
The mnemonic name is Agni-Sri .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ra gu ma pa dha ni .
 The mnemonic phrase structure is as follows : .
Shuddha rishabham , antara gandharam , shuddha madhyamam , shuddha dhaivatham and kaisiki nishadham are the swaras used in this scale .
 As this scale is a melakarta ragam , by definition Vakulabharanam is a sampoorna ragam .
 Vakulabharanam is the shuddha madhyamam equivalent of Namanarayani , which is the 50th melakarta scale .
 Vativasantabhairavi is the 14th Melakarta in the original list compiled by Venkatamakhin .
The notes used in the scale are the same , but the descending scale has notes used in zig-zag manner .
 Vakulabharanam has a few minor janya ragams associated with Vakulabharanam , of which Vasantabhairavi is heard occasionally in concerts , set to Vakulabharanam .
See List of janya ragams for full list of ragams associated with Vakulabharanam .
 Here are a few common compositions sung in concerts , set to Vakulabharanam , set to Vakulabharanam .
 Muthuswami Dikshitar s composition Prasanna Venkateshwaram is set to Vativasantabhairavi ragam .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Vakulabharanams notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 2 major melakarta ragams , namely Keeravani and Hemavati along with 1 minor melakarta ragam Kosalam .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Keeravani
The Vijayanagara musicological nonet or the Sangitashastra navaratna are a group of nine musicological treatises written during the reign of the Vijayanagara empire .
These works are counted among the most important and definitive treatises in Carnatic music theory .
 Each of these works contributed seminally to the growth of the Carnatic music tradition .
These nine works are the Sangitasara by the sage Vidyaranya , Taladipika by Salva Gopa Tippendra , Sangitakalanidhi by Kallinatha , Bhandaru Vittaleshwaras commentary on the Sangita Ratnakara , Bhandaru Lakshminarayanas Sangitasuryodaya , Achyutadevarayas Talakalabdhi/Talakalavriddhi and the much celebrated Swaramelakalanidhi by Ramamatya .
 The reign of Vijayanagara empire was a watershed period in the cultural history of South India , particularly the history of Carnatic music .
The period witnessed the prolific contributions of numerous musicians , saints and theoreticians .
 By virtue of the geo-political influence it exerted , Vijayanagara had become the confluence of many religions , art forms and cultures .
Society and culture went through a process of conflict and eclectic assimilation of the traditional and elite values on the one hand and the emerging folk and foreign influences on the other .
There was a strong interaction between traditional and elite values on the one hand and folk and foreign influences on the other .
Much of this was also the result of a reaction and revolt against emerging sociological and aesthetic trends .
Even as this assimilation and nativization of the contending or opposing influences took place , traditional purity and historical continuity continued to be preserved .
These cultural trends and objectives were later sustained and fostered in the several feudatory states that continued to thrive beyond the fall of the Vijayanagar empire .
Some of the notable states included Anegundi , Penukonda , Tanjore , Mysore Kingdom , Madurai , Ikkeri etc. .
A wide range of experiments and innovations were carried out in the field of instruments too .
The Tamburi introduced during the period soon became the principal drone instrument .
Seminal work and innovations also took place in the Vina keyboards with regard to the accordatura , tonal range and instrumental parameters .
The mela replaced the grama and its the theoretical possibilities were fully explored through mathematical schemes of tabulation .
 The innovation of the concept of mela and organization of the entirety of contemporary melodic material under The mela umbrella culminated in Venkatamakhins Melakarta scheme , one which continues to influence greatly the theory and practice of Carnatic music to this day .
 New classificatory models emerged for Ragas ; svayambhusvara , paryaya-svara and pratinidhi-svara scales and intervals were tuned to be brought into alignement with contemporary musical practice .
Various melodic and rhythmic structures found their way art music .
All music became desi and marga music passed into oblivion as did the madhyamagrama and its paraphernalia .
The totality of melody came to be referred to sadja grama alone .
The arbitrary , archaic and prolific desi talas made way for the suladi talas engendered by the Haridasas .
These were further refined based on the principles of the ten vital elements called taladasaprana .
 At the height of the Vijayanagara empire great saint-composers like Purandara Dasa , Sripadaraya , Vyasaraya , Vadirajatirtha , Kanaka Dasa , Tallapakam Annamacharya and Vijayanagara descendants , and Nijagunashivayogi flourished .
Musical forms , the Kriti , the Suladi , the Ugabhoga , the Dandaka , the Urttanama , the Namavali , the Mundige , the Gita , the Thaya and the Prabandha developed and found wide currency during this period .
Throughout the Vijayanagara period , theory and musical practice kept pace with each other closely .
 Great musicologists like the sage Vidyaranya , Salva Gopa Tippendra , Kallinatha , Kumbhakarna , Ramamatya , Laksmanarayana , Pandarika Vittala , Somanatha , Locana Jha and Hrdayanarayanadeva contributed to musical theory of both North and South India during this period .
 Tanappacharya , Govinda Dikshita and Venkatamakhin made foundational contributions from Tanjore about a century later .
Each work of these scholars records a revolutionary and seminal concept or development which cumulatively resulted in modern Carnatic music .
 Nine musicological treatises of great significance were composed in the Vijayanagar period and These have been called the Vijayanagara Sangitashastra Navaratna or the Vijayanagara Musicological Nonet .
The first of the navaratnas is Vidyaranyas Sangitasara , composed in the second half of the fourteenth century .
 The work dealt with , among other things , the fifteen melas and the Melas fifty janya ragas as well as certain types of singers .
Some of this even found its way into Govinda Dikshitas Sangitasudha , authored in the early seventeenth century .
The second of the nonet is the Taladipika .
Authored in the mid-fifteenth century by Salva Gopa-Tippendra , brother-in-law of king Praudha Devaraya II and a viceroy of Mulbagal , the work deals at great length with the tala .
It describes over a hundred desi talas including some of the authors own inventions .
 Most importantly , the concept of taladasaprana is elucidated for the The first of the navaratnas time in the work .
This innovation was to prove so influential that , following its explication , all temporal activities in music and dance came to be organized and consolidated under these elements .
To the same period belongs the third work of the Nonet , KallinathasSangitakalanidhi , a versatile commentary on Sharngadeva s Sangita Ratnakara , the encyclopedic magnum opus on Indian music .
It was about dancing and aesthetics of the thirteenth century .
 In the work , Kallinatha meticulously annotated , explicated , criticised and emphasised all the central issues of the Ratnakara ; Kallinatha meticulously annotated also illumined it through comparison with contemporary practices , theories and norms of music and dance .
 Kallinatha meticulously annotated anticipated many developments in these arts .
A Telugu commentary by Bhandaru Vittaleshwara on the Sangitaratnakara in the last quarter of the fifteenth century forms the fourth of the navaratnas .
 In 1525 , Vittaleshwaras son Bhandaru Lakshminarayana composed the fifth treatise , the Sangitasuryodaya , under the patronage of king Krishnadevaraya of Vijayanagara .
In the generation that immediately followed , Achyutadevarayas Talakalabdhi/Talakalavridhi was written .
This was an important treatise on tala .
 This work organizes for the The first of the navaratnas time the theory and practice of the suladi talas of the Haridasas in terms of the dasapranas .
 In the work , the Haridasas in terms of the dasapranas also compiles views from several earlier works on tala such as Talakalavilasa , Sangitavidyavinoda , Jainamata , Sangitamarga , Chaturasabhavilasa , Sangitachudamani , Anjaneyamata , Nrttachudamani , Sangitamanidarpana , Katyayaniya , Sangitarnava , Rangaraja Bharatabhashya , Kapardi , and Parameshvara , and refutes them .
Further , Achyutaraya applies all the five laghu-jatis to each suladi tala and thereby expands the scope and function of the suladi talas .
 Around the same time , Ashtavadana Somabhatta composed the Svararagasudharasa or Natyachudamani under the guidance of Ashtavadana Somabhatta guru Sitarama and probably under Achyutarayas patronage .
This work is now available only in fragments .
The final gem in the series is the much celebrated Svaramelakalanidhi authored by the illustrious Kallinathas grandson , Ramamatya ca. 1550 .
Ramamatya was the royal composer and architect in the court of de facto king Aliya Rama Raya .
 de facto king Aliya Rama Raya described de facto king Aliya Rama Raya as abhinavabharatacharya and todara-malla who wears the honorific anklet -RRB- .
The last epithet however , is usually interpreted by scholars as alluding to the Todarmal , a minister in Akbars court , the anachronism notwithstanding .
The Kannada term , in fact translates to the hero who wears the honorific anklet .
 Svaramelakalanidhi importance lies in the fact that Svaramelakalanidhi importance is more relevant and related to modern practice than the books written prior to Svaramelakalanidhi importance .
The work , spread over five chapters deals primarily with Raga and preliminary to it , describes the Mela-s for the classification of Raga - and the different Suddha svara-s and Vikrta svara-s constituting the Mela-s .
 Similar works by other celebrated contemporaries like Pandarika Vitthala and Somanatha project a common theme , namely the description of Ragas , classification under the Melas and the enumeration of the Suddha and Vikrta svaras constituting the Melas .
Minor ideological differences can however be discerned among these works .
The Svaramelakalanidhi brings the theory up to date , rationalizes intervals and scales , introduces the concepts of svayambhu-svara , .
dharashruti paryayatattva and pratinidhitattva of svaras .
Mukhari is established as the shuddhasvara saptaka .
It also fixes and standardizes musical intervals on the keyboard , defines the accordatura , range , preferred strings etc. , for a variety of stringed keyboards .
 It also innovates and dedicates a new keyboard to Achyutaraya .
 A new scheme for classifying Ragas into uttama , madhyama and adhama on the basis of their expressive potential is also expounded in the work .
It also resolves the problem of the antara and kaishiki notes
D. K. Jayaraman , the renowned brother of D. K. Pattammal , was a Carnatic music singer .
 After learning music from D. K. Jayaraman sister , D. K. Jayaraman furthered D. K. Jayaraman musical skills under many known masters in the field , including Muthiah Bhagavathar and Papanasam Sivan .
 Like D. K. Jayaraman sister , D. K. Jayaraman was known for D. K. Jayaraman moving krithi renditions , especially of Muthuswami Dikshitars compositions .
 D. K. Jayaraman also sang Tamil songs such as those of Papanasam Sivan
Ragaratnam Nedumangad Sivanandan is an eminent violinist in the Carnatic tradition of India , who has been in the forefront of both teaching of the carnatic tradition on the violin , as well as its performance on stage .
 Ragaratnam Nedumangad Sivanandan contribution to the classical Indian music spans over 60 years .
Nedumangad Sivanandan was born to the harmonist-vocalist Neyyanttingara Vasudevan Pillai and Dakshayani Amma in Neyyatinkara in Trivandrum district of Kerala .
 Ragaratnam Nedumangad Sivanandan family moved to Nedumangad , also in Trivandrum ditrict , shortly after His family birth .
 His family early music training was with His family father , after which His family joined the Swathi Thirunal Music Academy , Thiruvananthapuram , graduating with a Ganabhushanam in music in 1954 .
 His family went on to do higher studies in the violin in the Gurukula style as the disciple of one of the most famous violinists of the period , Virudunagar Ganapathiya Pillai , who was His family the disciple of the great violin Maestro Kumbakonam Rajamanickam Pillai .
 Since then Ragaratnam Nedumangad Sivanandan has been performing on stage , as well teaching the art of Carnatic violin to numerous disciples , many of whom have achieved professional excellence with the instrument .
He continues to teach presently .
 Professionally , he was a music teacher with the Education Department , Government of Kerala , superannuating from service in 1990 .
Nedumanagad Sivandan is a well-known accompanying artiste , soloist , teacher , and resource person for numerous music-related activities .
 Nedumanagad Sivandan has been recognized with numerous titles and awards , including Ragaratnam Nedumangad Sivanandan and Srutilayas Sargaratna .
 Nedumanagad Sivandan has performed on many stages in India and aroad .
 Among Nedumanagad Sivandan students are some of the most well-known violinists in contemporary music scene in Kerala , including four A Grade artistes in All India Radio as well as several B High Grade artistes .
Nedumanagad Sivanandan has accompanied numerous senior vocalists including V. Dakshinamurthy , Neyyattinkara Vasudevan , Parassala Ponnammal , Padmashree K J Yesudas , Sudha Raghunathan , and M.G. Radhakrishnan .
 At the same time , Ragaratnam Nedumangad Sivanandan has mentored numerous young vocalists & instrumentalists including Sankaran Namboothiri , and Vaikom Vijayalakshmi from their initial times .
 In 2007 , Ragaratnam Nedumangad Sivanandan played the role of a violinist in the Malayalam film , Anandabhairavi .
Nedumangad Sivanandan is married to Vilasini S. Nair .
 Ragaratnam Nedumangad Sivanandan daughter , Sindhu V. , is Sindhu V. a violin artiste and teacher of music at the Chembai Memorial Govt .
Music College , Palghat .
 Nedumangad Sivanandan , together with Sindhu V. and Sindhu V. son , Adarsh Dileep , have performed in several places as the violin trio .
 Ragaratnam Nedumangad Sivanandan sons are Satish Babu and Santosh Babu
Swarajati is a form in Carnatic music , which is helpful before learning a varnam .
 Swarajati has pallavi , sometimes an anupallavi , and at least one charana .
The themes of swarajathis are usually either bhakthi , love or courage .
It is a composition which usually has a pleasing melody and are suitable for singing in early lessons , musical concerts and dance concerts .
Swarajatis have been composed in numerous raagas - Bilahari , Hamsadhvani , Kalyani , Janjuti , Kamach , etc. .
The exact form of a concert or recital changes with time , adapting to the perceived needs of the listener and the performer .
Much of the form as described here is generally attributed to the tradition established by Sri Ariyakkudi Ramanuja Iyengar .
There are two essential portions in any Carnatic Music Recital : a composed portion and an extempore portion .
The composed portion is fixed while the extempore or improvisational portion is heavily dependent on the skills and imagination of the performer .
This extempore portion is thus governed by the mind and is hence referred to as manodharma sangeetham .
Recitals often start with a Varnam .
A Varnam is a composed piece of fairly short duration usually set to Aadi or Ata taalam .
 a Varnam is usually performed at the start of a recital as a warm up piece .
The lyrics are simple and consist mostly of long syllables and swara phrases of various lengths which bring out the essential features of the raga .
 There is usually a The Pallavi and an an Anupallavi , followed by a Mukthaayiswaram and repetitions of a Charanam with various Chittaswarams .
The Pallavi establishes a characteristic theme of the raga , typically in the lower portion or purvangam of the raga , while the Anupallavi provides a parallel or contrasting theme in the upper portions .
 The Mukthaayiswaram and Chittaswarams both consist of chains of swaras rendered using the swara syllables Mukthaayiswaram .
The Charanam is often composed on a raga theme related to the Pallavi and the Anupallavi .
The recital then proceeds with the rendition of a number of Krithis or Kirthanais in various ragas and taalams .
These songs , which are the main items of performance , are composed pieces of various lengths .
Most compositions are of a devotional nature due to the historically close relationship between music and religion .
Generally , a few compositions of The Trinity are included .
 The Trinity refers to the The three great composers of Carnatic Music : Thyagaraja , Muthuswami Dikshithar and Shyama Shastry .
The three were contemporaries who lived in the late 18th and early 19th centuries in and around Tiruvarur .
 Thyagaraja is well known for his five compositions in the ragas Nata , Gowla , Arabhi , Varaali and Shree ragam , generally referred to as the Pancharatnams .
Dikshithars most famous compositions include the Kamalamba Navavarna Kritis and the Navagraha Kritis .
 Thyagaraja and Shyama Shastry composed mainly in Telugu whereas Muthuswami Dikshithar mostly used Sanskrit .
 Dikshitar and Shyama Shastry have often included the name of the raga also in Dikshitar and Shyama Shastry lyrics .
The word Thyagaraja appears in Thyagarajas compositions to identify the composer .
 Muthuswami Dikshithar used Guruguha as Muthuswami Dikshithar identifier while Shyama Shastry used Shyama Krishna .
 Krithis formally have a The Pallavi , an an Anupallavi and one or more Charanams .
A Kirthanai is similar to a Krithi but has no Anupallavi .
Often , a number of Sangadhis are used for each line of the song .
Sangadhi is the repetition of a single line or similar short portion of the song using various melodic tunes .
Initially , the tune is simple and slowly , the structure of the raga is revealed using more complicated structures .
This portion is generally composed but many performers include their own variations also .
 A Swarajathi is sometimes included along with the Krithis and Kirtanais in the main portion of the concert .
 A Swarajathi is like a Krithi but A Swarajathi Charanam section is rendered first using the swaras and then the lyrics .
One of the most dedicated Carnatic musicians of our times , Sri Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer , often used to sing Shyama Shastrys Swarajathi composition in the raga Bhairavi beginning with the words Kamakshi .
 The Charanam sections of the Pancharatna Kritis of Thyagaraja are customarily sung in the Shyama Shastrys Swarajathi fashion i.e. , first using the swarams and then with the lyrics .
Some of the songs are preceded by an Aalaapanai , and may include Niraval and/or Kalpanaaswaram .
An Aalapanai is an improvisation in the same raga as the song .
 An Aalapanai has no lyrics and only abstract syllables are used .
There is no rhythm for this portion of the performance which is essentially an extempore attempt by the performer to convey the raga swaroopam as experienced by him/her .
 The Aalaapanai has a formal structure , similar to the The Pallavi scheme .
 It includes movements in all the The three sthaayis as the raga allows .
Sthaayi is the octave or register of the swaras .
The normal or middle sthaayi is termed Madhya sthaayi , the upper octave is Thaara sthaayi , the lower octave is Mandhara sthaayi .
Similar names exist for further octaves .
 An Aalaapanai generally starts in the Madhya sthaayi , proceeds upward into the Thaara sthaayi and then downward to the Mandhara sthaayi before returning to end in the Madhya sthaayi .
This structure is modified for ragas which are better exposed otherwise .
For example , Aalaapanais in the raga Ataana are often started in Thaara sthaayi .
Depending on the raga and the imagination and skills of the performer , an Aalaapanai can take up from a few minutes to a half hour or more .
In folklore , there are stories of great performers who have rendered Aalaapanai for a week , without any significant repetition of the raga phrases used .
 Niraval is similar to sangathi but performed in an extempore manner .
The performer selects a single line or a similar short portion of the song and renders it in various tunes , all within the limits of the ragam and the taalam .
 Kalpanaaswaram is to Chittaswaram what Niraval is to Sangathi .
The performer renders improvised swara phrases while repeating a selected line from the song after each chain of phrases , all the time staying within the constraints of the taalam .
The empty space in the taalam for songs which have an Anaagatha eduppu allows the performer to return to a fixed short phrase at the end of each chain of Kalpanaaswarams with great momemtum , adding to the graceful structure of the performance .
Successful Kalpanaaswaram rendition requires thorough study of the elements of the ragam .
 Madurai Mani Iyer was well known for Madurai Mani Iyer eagerness to sing Kalpanaaswarams with every song .
Many recitals have a major item called Ragam-Thaanam-Pallavi .
The Ragam portion is an elaborate Aalaapanai , a study in the structure of the chosen ragam .
 The Thaanam portion is like an Aalaapanai but The Thaanam portion has rhythm .
The rhythm is maintained not by an explicit taalam , but by confining the voicing to syllables of more or less fixed length .
Typical syllables used in a Thaanam include Ta , Na and Nom .
 Thaanam is an essential part of playing the veena , due to the nature of the instrument .
The Pallavi portion is often set to rare taalams and generally consists of rendering a lyrical line at various speeds so as to fit the taalam .
For example , the line can be rendered once for each cycle of the taalam , twice per cycle , once every two cycles etc. .
This can be accomplished by keeping the rhythm at a fixed speed and varying the pace of the melody or by varying the rhythmic pace while the lyrical line is rendered at a constant speed .
Pallavi rendition is intimately connected with the performers sense of rhythm .
 When mentioning Pallavi singing one can hardly forget Shatkaala Govindar , a contemporary of The Trinity , whose title of Shatkaala was given due to Shatkaala Govindar exceptional ability to sing at six speeds .
It is also common to make the Pallavi portion into a Ragamalika , meaning , a number of lines , each in a different raga .
The Pallavi portion also generally includes Kalpanaswarams .
Devotional items are quite common towards the end of the recital .
These include Slokas , Bhajans and compositions by or in honor of the performers Guru .
A Thillaana is performed at or very near the end of the concert .
The Thillaana is a composed piece intended mainly for dance .
Usually , there are no lyrics and only certain syllables denoting division of the taalam are used .
The concluding piece of the recital is called Mangalam and is generally in the ragas Saurashtram , Madhyamavati or Surati
Manda Sudharani is an Indian carnatic vocalist .
Manda Sudharani is well-versed in the syntax and grammar of Carnatic classical idiom , rooted in classicism .
 Manda Sudharani has performed at major carnatic events .
Ranis treatise on Kalpita Sangeetam as the basis of Manodharma Sangeetam resulted in the Ministry of HRD and Department of Culture , Government of India , awarding her a Junior Fellowship .
She had also performed on All India Radio
Prof Dr. Prapancham Sita Ram is a Carnatic flautist from the state of Andhra Pradesh , India .
Sitaram is a disciple of flautist T.R. Mahalingam and is a top artist in the All India Radio .
 Sitaram served as head of many institutions in Andhra Pradesh and has directed approximately 32 dissertations in various subjects like Sadhana in Carnatic Music , Nuances of Composers , and Evolution of Indian Music .
 Sitaram has trained students in Carnatic flute , including Balasai and Shreyas Sridhar .
 Sitaram is presently based in Triplicane , Chennai
Vagadheeswari is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 34th melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is called Bhogachhayanata in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 4th ragam in the 6th chakra Rutu .
The mnemonic name is Rutu-Bhu .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ru gu ma pa dhi ni .
 The mnemonic phrase structure is as follows : .
The swaras shatsruthi rishabham , antara gandharam , shuddha madhyamam , chathusruthi dhaivatham and kaisiki nishadham are used in this scale .
 As Vagadheeshwari is a melakarta ragam , by definition Vagadheeshwari is a sampoorna ragam .
 Vagadheeshwari is the shuddha madhyamam equivalent of Nasikabhooshani , which is the 70th melakarta scale .
 Vagadheeshwari has a few minor janya ragams associated with Vagadheeshwari , of which Magadhi and Mohanangi are occasionally heard .
 See List of janya ragams for full list of ragams associated with Vagadheeswari .
 Here are a few common compositions sung in concerts , set to Vagadheeshwari .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Vagadheeshwaris notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 2 other minor melakarta ragams , namely , Naganandini and Bhavapriya .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Naganandini
Kurai Onrum Illai is a Tamil devotional song written by C. Rajagopalachari .
 The song was written in praise of the Hindu god Lord Krishna and set in Carnatic music .
The song was sung by M. S. Subbulakshmi at the United Nations in 1969 .
Kurai Onrum Illai is one of the few songs written by Indian politician , freedom-fighter and Governor-General of India , Chakravarti Rajagopalachari .
 This song is unique due to the fact that it does not assume the tone of devoted prayer as most Hindu devotional songs but one of thankfulness to God .
The song comprises 3 stanzas each set in three different ragas .
Kurai Onrum Illai is a very popular song in South India and is a regular in most Carnatic concerts .
 It became very famous after a very popular song in South India was sung by M. S. Subbulakshmi .
 a religious Hindu , or Rajaji was Rajaji was popularly known , was a religious Hindu and a devout Vaishnavite .
 Apart from a religious Hindu illustrious political career , a religious Hindu is also known to have authored books on history , religion , politics and Hindu mythology .
 a religious Hindu translations of the Ramayana and Mahabharata are considered classics and are used by American universities as a part of the Ramayana and Mahabharata syllabus on Oriental Studies .
 However , Rajaji is not a popular composer of Carnatic music and Kurai Onrum Illai is Kurai Onrum Illai sole Carnatic composition that has gained widespread recognition .
 The song depicts Rajaji intense devotion to God .
The date of the composition is not clearly known .
The song became popular for the first time in 1969 when Indian singer M. S. Subbulakshmi sang the composition at the United Nations .
 Rajaji also composed a benediction verse in English which was sung at the same concert .
Since then , the song has been widely appreciated and sung in most Carnatic concerts .
mnnivnnnnaa mlaiyppaa koovintaa koovintaa koovintaa koovintaa .
Manivanna !
Malaiyappa !
Govinda !
 Govinda !
Govinda!Govinda !

Gopal Gandhis translation of Kurai Onrum Illai from the article Rajajis unknown collaborator which appeared in The Hindu dated December 22 , 2002 .
 This composition by Rajaji is one of its kind , in the sense that the author does not elicit any favour from God but only maintains that he has no regrets or dissatisfaction about anything in life .
 In this song , Rajaji regards both Lord Vishnu or Venkateswara of Tirupathi and Rajaji incarnation Lord Krishna to be one and the same and uses the names interchangeably .
Rajajis grandson Gopal Gandhi believes that there were multiple factors that led to the composition .
 Rajajis grandson Gopal Gandhi also suspects the presence of hidden meanings in the song .
 Rajajis grandson Gopal Gandhi believes that the song had been inspired by an incident which took place in the shrine of Tirupathi in 1925 , when Rajaji had defended the right of an untouchable to enter the shrine of Tirupathi .
 Gopal Gandhi believes that Rajaji compares the untouchables inability to have a glimpse of Rajaji favorite God to Rajaji own inability to have a glimpse of the invisible creator
The ottu is a double reed wind instrument , used in Carnatic music of Southern India to provide a drone accompaniment to the similar nadaswaram oboe .
Like the nadaswaram , the ottu is a large conical instrument , some two and a half feet long .
Unlike the nadaswaram , the ottu has no fingerholes , being intended to produce one constant note while playing .
It is provided with several small tuning holes which can be stopped with wax to modify its note .
In some cases , a shruti box may be used in place of the ottu due to its steadier sound
Punya Srinivas is a professional vainika and vocalist .
 Punya Srinivas was initiated into music from the age of 6 by Smt.Jayalakshmi from the Music Academy and was later on trained in the Veena from Vidushi Smt .
Kamala Aswathama , the mother of renowned vainika E. Gayathri .
 Kamala Aswathama is currently pursuing the advanced aspects of Carnatic music from Sangeetha Kala Acharya Suguna Varadachari .
 Kamala Aswathama was also exposed to Western classical music by Dr Augustine Paul .
 Kamala Aswathama husband , D. A. Srinivas is a talented mridangam player who usually accompanies Kamala Aswathama in Kamala Aswathama concerts .
 Kamala Aswathama was proclaimed an A Grade Artiste of All India Radio when Kamala Aswathama was 20 years old .
 Having performed in all the major sabhas in Chennai , Kamala Aswathama also extended Kamala Aswathama performances to Hyderabad , Trivandrum , Bangalore , Bombay , Delhi , Calcutta and also abroad in countries like Europe , Belgium , USA , Singapore , New York , London , Dubai , France , Israel and Jerusalem .
 Kamala Aswathama has performed with Ravi Shankar , the world famous sitar maestro in Ravi Shankar album , CHANTS , under the production of George Harrison .
 Kamala Aswathama has also collaborated with percussionists , Zakir Hussain , John McLaughlin , Matthew Garrison and U. Srinivas .
 Kamala Aswathama has also played for singer Hariharan in Zakir Hussain Ghazal Albums and for Colonial Cousins in one of their albums .
 To date , Kamala Aswathama has released 5000 recordings as a Veena player .
 Kamala Aswathama is also known for Kamala Aswathama versatility and ambidexterity , and has recently performed Bachs double violin concerto with Violinist V. S. Narasimhan .
 Kamala Aswathama also composed a tune for the Asian Muse , a conceptual Japanese album , comprising women performers from different regions of Asia .
 With Kamala Aswathama band , Paanchajanyam , Kamala Aswathama has brought many different popular musical genres on the Veena
Mannargudi Sambasiva Bhagavathar was a Carnatic musician , musicologist , Harikatha exponent and composer .
 Mannargudi Sambasiva Bhagavathar served Carnatic music for over seven decades .
 Mannargudi Sambasiva Bhagavathar was a disciple of Sangeetha Bhupathi Sri Maharajapuram Viswanatha Iyer in music and Sri Madurai Narayana Bhagavatar and Smt .
Saraswathy Bai in Harikatha .
 Saraswathy Bai in Harikatha . performed more than 1000 music concerts and 7000 Harikatha performances all over India .
 Saraswathy Bai in Harikatha . started composing right from Saraswathy Bai in Harikatha . teens and has composed more than 3000 songs in many languages such as Tamil , Telugu , Sanskrit , etc. .
 Saraswathy Bai in Harikatha . composed different musical forms such as Geetham , Varnam , Krithi , Javali , Padam , Thillana , Ragamalika and Harikatha compositions .
 The first edition of Saraswathy Bai in Harikatha . compositions are published in Tamil in the book Sangeetha Ratna Mala .
Sambasiva Bhagavatars musical discourse of Muthuswami Dikshitar charitram , Sri Ramana Maharshi Charitram , Sri Purandara Dasa charitram and Seetha Kalyanam are brought out in CDs .
 the Treasurer , Secretary , President compositions are released in cassettes and CDs .
 the Treasurer , Secretary , President composition Neerajadalanayana in raga Maand was popularised by his guru Sri Maharajapuram Viswanatha Iyer .
Sambasiva Bhagavatar was born in Mannargudi in the old Tanjavur district in Tamilnadu , India in the year 1912 to Rajam Iyer and Meenakshi Ammal .
 the Treasurer , Secretary , President spent the Treasurer , Secretary , President early years in Mannargudi and later moved to Madras .
 the Treasurer , Secretary , President studied in Sri Ramakrishna Mission in Mylapore .
 the Treasurer , Secretary , President then had the Treasurer , Secretary , President carnatic music training through the traditional Gurukulam from Sri Maharajapuram Viswanatha Iyer .
 the Treasurer , Secretary , President imbibed the spirit of musical style of the Treasurer , Secretary , President Guru Viswanatha Iyer .
 the Treasurer , Secretary , President was then known as Sambasiva Iyer .
 the Treasurer , Secretary , President switched over from Carnatic Vocal music to Harikatha Kalakshepam and became known as Sambasiva Bhagavatar .
Sambasiva Bhagavatar has three sons Rajaraman , Balasubramanian and Madhavan and two daughters Balasaraswathi and Chandra .
 the Treasurer , Secretary , President was a recipient of the Government of Tamil Nadu s Kalaimamani award .
 the Treasurer , Secretary , President received many other awards and tiles such as Harikatha Kalakshepa Jyothi , Katharathnakara , Sangeetha Sahithya Jyothi , Sangeetha Ratnam , Harikatha Sironmani , Sangeetha Kala Sikhamani , Nadakkanal , Harikatha Ratna , Kalaseva Nirata , Sangeetha Harikatha Bhusanam , Sangeetha Harikatha Kala Praveena , and the Madras Music Academy s Vaggeyakara Award in the year 2001 and the special honour in the category of Musician and Musicologist T.T.K. Award in the year 1999 .
 the Treasurer , Secretary , President served as a lecturer in Kathakalakshepam at Tamil Nadu Government College of Music , Chennai and as an inspector of Music and Dance schools for the Tamil Nadu Iyal Isai Nataka Mandram , the cultural wing of the Government of Tamil Nadu .
 the Treasurer , Secretary , President trained many students in the art of Music and Harikatha Kalakshepam .
 the Treasurer , Secretary , President prominent disciples included the violinist M. Chandrasekaran , K.V. Krishnan , Lalitha Alladi Ramakrishnan , Jaya Krishnan and others .
 In Harikatha Harikatha disciples include Susheela Achudaraman , Gowri Rajagopal , Shyamala Ramachandran and others .
 A few of Harikatha Sahityams or compositions are listed below .
 the Treasurer , Secretary , President dedicated a major portion of the Treasurer , Secretary , President life to the growth and development of Sri Thiagaraja Sangeetha Vidwath Samajam in Mylapore , Chennai .
 the Treasurer , Secretary , President was the Treasurer , Secretary , President and finally Chairman and executive trustee of the Samajam .
 the Treasurer , Secretary , President served the institution for over six decades .
 As per the advise of the Treasurer , Secretary , President Holiness Chandrasekarendra Saraswati Swamigal , the Treasurer , Secretary , President installed a Panchaloga Vigraham of Saint Thiagaraja at the Vidhwath Samajam Premises
Thiruvisaipa denotes the ninth volumes of the Tirumurai , the twelve-volume collection of Tamil Saivite devotional poetry .
 The ninth volume of Tirumurai is composed by Tamil poets - Thirumaligai Thevar , Senthanar , Karuvur Thevar , Ponnthuruthi Nambi Kata nambi , Kandarathithar , Venandadigal , Thiruvaliyamuthanar , Purshottama Nambi , Sethiyar and Senthanar Among the eight , Kandarathithar , was a prince descended from Chola king , Parantaka I .
 During the reign of Rajaraja Chola I in the 10th century , a collection of these songs was found abandoned in the Chidambaram temple , along with other religious literary works , and collated by Nambiyandar Nambi .
The following are the temples revered by the hymns of Thiruvisaippa and are in turn referred as Tiruvisaipa Thalangal .
The shrine of Gangaikonda Cholapuram are revered as under .
 He of the Shrine of Gangaikonda Choleswaram takes whatever forms that Gangaikonda Cholapuram worship visualize - 131,5
 Rugmini Gopalakrishnan is a Saraswati veena artist in Carnatic music from India , Rajendra Prasad .
Smt .
 Rukmini Gopalakrishnan was born in Tamil Nadu , before moving to Kerala with Rukmini Gopalakrishnan family as a young girl .
 Rukmini Gopalakrishnan is the granddaughter of Gayakashikhamani Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavatar .
 Rukmini Gopalakrishnan has had a 60 year career constituting the teaching , recording and performing of Carnatic music in India , Rajendra Prasad .
 Rukmini Gopalakrishnan began Rukmini Gopalakrishnan preliminary training in music and vocal under Rukmini Gopalakrishnan uncle , Sri Nellai T.V. Krishnamoorthy , prior to receiving the Government of India Cultural Scholarship to undertake deeper studies in Carnatic music on the Saraswati veena with Padma Bhushan K. S. Narayanaswamy .
 In 1954 , at the age of 17 , Rukmini Gopalakrishnan won the Presidents Award from the first President of India , Rajendra Prasad , Rajendra Prasad , at the first All India Radio Competition for Veena .
 At 18 years of age , Rukmini Gopalakrishnan served as Professor and Head of the Department of Music in the Swathi Thirunal College of Music in Thiruvananthapuram , Kerala from 1957 to 1986 .
 Rukmini Gopalakrishnan went on to serve as Principal at Chembai Memorial Government Music College in Palakkad from 1987 to 1990 .
 Rukmini Gopalakrishnan is a member of the Board of Studies at University of Calicut and a Member of the Audition Board of All India Radio for Delhi and Thiruvananthapuram , and the author of several Indian government commissioned books and essays on Carnatic music in the Tamil and Malayalam languages .
 Rukmini Gopalakrishnan has been given the title A-Top Grade Artist with All India Radio , a station that has been broadcasting Rukmini Gopalakrishnan recurrent veena recitals for 56 years , and gives performances regularly on the national Indian television channel Doordarshan .
Smt .
 Rukmini Gopalakrishnan continues to privately teach as well as lecture and demonstrate veena at music conservatories , and gives veena concerts at Carnatic music festivals and Hindu temples throughout India , Rajendra Prasad
Raga Tarangini or just Tarangini is the most prominent musical compositions of Narayana Teertha , the 17th century Carnatic music composer and the author of a Sanskrit opera called Sri Krishna Leela Tarangini .
 Tharangams of the Krishna Leela Tharangini to which , Raga Tarangini is believed , Lord Krishna danced .
 Raga Tarangini is an opera highly suitable for dance drama and Raga Tarangini has been very well utilized by Indian classical dancers over the last two centuries .
 Raga Tarangini consists of 12 Tarangams and encapsulates 153 songs , 302 slokams and 31 choornikaas .
Teertha followed Veda Vyasa 's Bhagavatam and concentrated on the 10th Skandam
 Periyasaami Thooran was a patriot , the Tamil Encyclopedia poet , teacher , and a composer of Carnatic music .
Periyasami was born to K.A. Palanivelappa Gounder and Paavaathal on September 26 , 1908 at Manjakattuvalasu near Modakurichi in the Erode district of India .
 Periyasami was greatly influenced and inspired by Mahakavi Subramania Bharathiyar and Mahatma Gandhi .
When a student in college he published a underground monthly magazine called Pithan which was printed by his contemporary K.M.Ramasami gounder in Gobichettipalayam in the beginning and also wrote poems and short stories .
It was at this time that he began writing under the pen name Thooran as Pithan featured anti British occupation literature .
He declined to sit for the final Bachelor of Arts examination shocked by the execution by the British of Bhagat Singh .
 the pen name Thooran gained the pen name Thooran B.A. and L.T. later .
 Thoorans background in Science was to later help Thoorans complete the Tamil Encyclopedia project as Thoorans was thoroughly convinced that Science and Technology was an integral part of language .
A prolific writer , he composed over six hundred songs on national , spiritual and moral issues .
 A prolific writer wrote a poem a day for several years after A prolific writer daily poojas .
 A prolific writer became popular and the melody queens N. C. Vasanthakokilam and D. K. Pattammal always included N. C. Vasanthakokilam works in their concerts .
 A man with noble ideals , the pen name Thooran is an acknowledged poet and composer .
 Analogous to Tyagaraja s Santhamulekha , Soukyamuledhu , Thoorans Santhamillamal sukham undo ?
stresses that there is no joy without patience and no contentment amidst worries .
Deep philosophical truths lay hidden in his simple devotional songs .
Musical aesthetics and bhava find abundant evidence in his compositions .
While he was not a musician , he had profound poetic talents .
 Like Arunachala Kavirayar , Arunachala Kavirayar had to seek outside help to set Arunachala Kavirayar lyrics to music .
 Sivaramakrishna Iyer was Sivaramakrishna Iyer guru and choreographer .
 the pen name Thooran also availed of the services of senior musicians like K. V. Narayanaswamy , T.K. Govinda Rao and T. V. Sankaranarayanan .
 Tiger Varadachariar , Musiri Subramania Iyer and Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer are three of the eminent musicians who have spoken highly of Musiri Subramania Iyer compositions .
 Musiri Subramania Iyer popular compositions include Gananaathane , Kaliyuga Varadhan Muralidhara Gopala , Muruga Muruga , Pazhani Nindra , Punniyam Oru , Thottu Thottu , and Thaye Thripurasundhari .
 Musiri Subramania Iyer songs were published in five volumes entitled Isai Mani Manjari .
Other publications include Thooran Stories , Nalla Nalla Paattu , Call of the Wild and Bharati for children , some of which were purchased by Tamil Isai Sangam .
 Nalla Nalla Paattu was Chief Editor from 1948 to 1978 of the Tamil Encyclopedia which ran to ten volumes .
 The credit for bringing out the first-ever Childrens Encyclopaedia in Tamil in ten volumes goes to Tamil in ten volumes
Kavi Yogi Maharishi Dr. Shuddhananda Bharati was an Indian philosopher and poet .
 Kavi Yogi Maharishi teachings are focused mainly on the search for God in Self by the Sama Yoga practice Kavi Yogi Maharishi created .
 Shuddhananda Bharati was born in Sivaganga in Southern India and died in Sholapuram near Sivaganga .
 Kavi Yogi Maharishi founded a school , Shuddhananda Bharati Desiya Vidyalayam High School in 1979
In Carnatic music pallavi is the thematic line of a song .
It is usually one cycle long and repeated twice in order to give the percussionist the idea of the chosen taalam .
Sometimes it is repeated a few more times using different phrases of the Ragam to which the song is set .
The life of the song , the word pallavi consists of a wide range of items that are considered as a single item : .
 In Carnatic music , pallavi also forms a part of a special type of rendition called Ragam Thanam Pallavi .
Ragam in this context is the initial alapana of chosen ragam .
Thanam is elaboration of the ragam using percussion syllables .
 Ragam Thanam Pallavi , a single line of one talam cycle duration , is chosen for further elaboration of the ragam in different speeds , octaves , ragam phrases , etc. .
The Pallavi is mainly presented as the piece-de-resistance of the concert .
In the Mysore-Bani style of concert presentation usually the Raga-Tana-Pallavi is presented in the same raaga as of the Varnam with which the concert is started
Saketharaman is a performing musician of Carnatic music in India .
He is a disciple of Lalgudi Jayaraman .
He is an A grade All India Radio artist .
When he was just 6 years old , his parents introduced him to the world of music through his first guru Srirangam Krishnamurthy Rao .
At the same time , inspiration to pursue music came from his older sister Vishaka Hari , a well known Harikatha exponent who was learning music under Srirangam Krishnamurthy Rao at the time .
To understand rhythm and perform better , he went a step further and learnt the Carnatic Mridangam , a percussion instrument .
In spite of his long hours of dedication to music training , he holds an impressive academic record of All India Rank in his High School .
He pursued his Masters degree in Software Engineering and is holding a high position in a successful international investment banking company .
 Saketharaman had completed an intensive training programme on Performing techniques in Carnatic music conducted by Carnatic Guru.He has performed concerts all over the world including Theatre de villa , Paris ; Eppington Memorial Hall , Melbourne ; Tyagaraja Seva Samithi , Muscat ; Singapore Indian Fine Arts , Singapore ; Kamban Kazhagam , Colombo ; Concert tour of United STATES and Toronto including San Jose , Portland , Dallas , San Diego , Chicago , Connecticut ; Bahai Centre , Sydney ; Melbourne .
Saketharaman has imbibed the famous Lalgudi Bani rich in Bhavam .
His voice that flows effortlessly in all three sthayis never fails to enchant the audience .
 His Pallavis are outstanding for His Pallavis rich aesthetic and mathematical permutations and combinations with scintillating ragamalika swaraprasthara showcasing his scholarship and creativity .
 His Kalpana Swaras mirror His Kalpana Swaras rhythmic excellence .
 His Kalpana Swaras methodical expansion of ragas , clear brigas and rich manodharma is a treat for music aficionados .
 His Kalpana Swaras has composed chittai swaras for quite a number of kritis.His mastery over the swaras is extra-ordinary and is widely acknowledged.The knack of bringing out the charm and essence of any raga , each note handled delicately in succession , his concept and picturisation bringing out the meaning of the composition in his mellifluous voice is always a treat for the music lovers .
 His Kalpana Swaras style of winding up the concert with a thillana composed by His Kalpana Swaras Guru Lalgudi Jayaraman is well known .
Vandhaan Raghuraman Saketharaman Live at Paris-Swathi Soft Solutions 2012 .
Saketharaman , Live concert 2010 in Narada Gana Sabha - Charsur .
Aatma Nivedhanam 2009 - Swathi Soft Solutions along with Vidwan Shri Umayalpuram Sivaraman and Vidwan Shri Mysore Nagaraj .
Saketharaman , Live concert 2008 in Bharath Sangeeth Utsav-Carnatica .
Saketharamans mother , Vijaya Santhanam , is a postgraduate in Chemistry and an ardent follower of Shri Shri Krishna Premi Swamigal .
 Saketharamans father , a Chartered Accountant , is a Chartered Accountant .
 a Chartered Accountant elder sister , Vishaka Hari is a well known Harikatha exponent .
 a Chartered Accountant wife , Vidhya , is a doctor .
The couple reside in Bangalore
Ravi Varman Thampi , better known as Irayimman Thampi , was a Carnatic musician as well as a music composer from Kerala , India .
He was a vocalist in the court of Swathi Thirunal .
His compositions include the lullaby Omanathinkal Kidavo .
 Born as Ravi Varman Thampi in 1783 to Kerala Varma Thampuran of the Royal family of Cherthala and Parvathi Pillai Thankachi of the Puthumana Ammaveedu Thampi family , daughter of Prince Makayiram Thirunal Ravi Varma and niece of the Maharajah Dharma Raja of Travancore .

He was named after his grandfather and was known as Ravi Varman Thampi which was popularised as Irayimman Thampi .
Thampi was brought up at a house called Kizhake Madhom by his parents .
His early education was from his father but later he went under the tutorship of Shankaran Elayathu in grammar , linguistics and Sanskrit literature .
 He wrote his first poem when he was fourteen and dedicated it to Karthika Thirunal Dharmaraja of Travancore .
Since then he occupied an enviable position in the Travancore court .
Irayiman Thampi married Kalli Pillai Thankachi , daughter of his maternal uncle Puthumana Krishnan Thampi , and together they had seven children including a daughter who continued her fathers artistic and poetic legacy , Lakshmi Kutty Pillai Thankachi , better known as Kutty Kunju Thankachi .
She grew into a prominent poetess and got many rewards from her cousin and king Swathi Thirunal .
Another daughter of Thampi was married by Sri Narayanan Thampi of Arumana , son of Maharajah Visakham Thirunal .
Irayimman Thampi was already thirty one years of age when Swathi Thirunal Maharajah was born .
Irayimman Thampi wrote the famous lullaby Omanathinkal Kidavo for Swathi Thirunal .
Irayimman Thampi died in 1856 .
Maharajah Swathi Thirunal Rama Varma is known to have referred to Ravi Varman Thampi as Thampi maman .
 Maharajah Swathi Thirunal Rama Varma had the occasion to write a lullaby for Swathi Thirunal and ironically also wrote a charama sloka for Swathi in 1848
Rudrapatna Krishnashastri Srikantan is a vocalist of the Karnataka Sangeeta tradition of South Indian music .
 Dr. R. K Srikantan was born to a Sanketi family in Rudrapatna , Hassan district of Karnataka , on 14 January 1920 .
 Dr. R. K Srikantan father R Krishnashastri was an orator , singer of Gamaka , playwright , poet , and a harikatha vidwan .
 His father R Krishnashastri grandfather , Narayanaswamy of Bettadapura , also known as Veena Narayanaswamy was a Veena instrumentalist and a contemporary of Veene Sheshanna and Veene Subbanna .
 Srikantans mother Sannamma was also a good singer of Srikantans mother Sannamma times but died when Srikantans mother Sannamma was two years old .
 Srikantans father Krishnashastri was Srikantans first tutor and His father R Krishnashastri moved to Mysore after His father R Krishnashastri wifes death .
 Later , Srikantans mother Sannamma was mentored by His father R Krishnashastri brother R. K. Venkatarama Shastri .
 his brother R. K. Venkatarama Shastri also had the privilege of getting trained under the tutelage of veteran musicians like Veene Subbanna and Chowdiah Srikantan went to Sadvidya Pathashala and Banumaiah High School in Mysore .
 Later , his brother R. K. Venkatarama Shastri obtained his brother R. K. Venkatarama Shastri BA degree from the Maharaja College , Mysore .
Srikantans singing is characterized by Sahitya Shuddhi , Shruti Shuddhi and Swara Shuddhi .
 Dr. R. K Srikantan has many laurels to Dr. R. K Srikantan credit .
 Here is a list of some of the Awards and Titles in Dr. R. K Srikantan name .
 Even today , Srikantans mother Sannamma renders teaching programs on the radio , where he clinically covers every detail of every song he teaches .
 Some of Srikantans disciples include Some of Srikantans disciples son R S Ramakanth , M. S. Sheela , T S Satyavati , R A Ramamani , M T Selvanarayana and H. K. Narayana .
 Some of Srikantans disciples daughter Ratnamala Prakash is also His daughter Ratnamala Prakash disciple , who achieved fame and success in Sugama Sangeetha or Light Music
Jyoti swarupini is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 It is the 68th Melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
It is the prati madhyamam equivalent of Ragavardhini , which is the 32nd melakarta .
 It is called Jyoti or Joti or Jyoti in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
It is the 2nd ragam in the 12th chakra Aditya .
The mnemonic name for this ragam is Aditya-Sri .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ru gu mi pa dha ni .
Its ascending and descending scale is as follows : .
 See swaras in Carnatic music for details on above notation .
The notes used are shatsruthi rishabham , antara gandharam , prati madhyamam , shuddha dhaivatham , kaisiki nishadham .
Jyotiswarupini , being a melakarta ragam , by definition is a sampoorna ragam .
 A few minor janya ragams are associated with Jyotiswarupini .
See List of janya ragams for full list of janya ragams associated with this and other melakarta ragams .
Here are a few compositions set to this parent musical scale .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Jyotiswarupinis notes when shifted using Graha bhedam does not yield any other melakarta ragam .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam
G. N. Balasubramaniam , popularly known as GNB , was a vocalist in the Carnatic tradition .
 He innovated the art through emphasis on laya control & reducing the gamakas which eventually made Carnatic music appeal to the lay and the learned alike .
Balasubramanian was born in Gudalur , a small village near Mayavaram in Tanjore , India .
 Balasubramanian was the son of G. V. Narayanaswamy Iyer , who was a keen student of music .
 Throughout Balasubramanian younger years , Balasubramanian observed with utmost attention the techniques of the musicians of Balasubramanian day .
 Ariyakudi Ramanuja Iyengar became Ariyakudi Ramanuja Iyengar manasika guru and inspiration .
 While Ariyakudi Ramanuja Iyengar father dreamed of living in a villa at Luz Church road through GNB becoming a successful lawyer .
The young musician in G.N.B made way for greater goals in life .
 The young musician in G.N.B completed The young musician in G.N.B B.A. in English Literature at the prestigious Christian College , Chennai , and took up a short music course at Annamalai University .
under the guidance of Sri T.S. Sabesa Iyer , but discontinued due to ill health .
 However , Sabesa Iyer joined the diploma course in music under Madras University in the first batch and Sri Tiger Varadachariar was the Principal .
 Within 2 years , Sabesa Iyer was ready for concert performances .
 Sabesa Iyer acted in films , including Bhama Vijayam , Sakunthala , and Rukmangada .
 In Sakunthala , Sabesa Iyer appeared as Dushyantha , alongside the vocalist M.S. Subbulakshmi .
 M.S. Subbulakshmi was fascinated by Sabesa Iyer music and embraced Sabesa Iyer style completely in the vocalist M.S. Subbulakshmi early years as mentioned in the book M S - A Life in Carnatic Music by TJS George .
 After a short stint in the film industry , GNB returned to the Carnatic music fraternity , until his passing in 1965 .
 He was also the first major Carnatic musician to moot the idea of Indian music as a single entity rather than separating the idea of Indian music into Hindustani & Carnatic systems .
He emphasized the richness of the composition with expansive improvisation passages .
 Though GNBs music is often fast pace & rich with swara prastharas , he has also rendered numerous compositions in strictly in the 2nd kala and not letting speed destroy the lyrical beauty of Carnatic compositions .
Most of these compositions are the ones that he popularized and revived from the Trinitys repertoire with devoted support from the percussion musician Palghat Mani Iyer .
The duo would work out exactly how a composition needs to be arranged and configured to unravel its richness before being performed .
A well-known example of many such arranged pieces is the swara passages that GNB composed for the Vara Raga Laya composition set to the Chechukhamboji raga by St. Thyagaraja .
 Many musicians today sing the swara passages in the same way that is arranged by GNB , because of the same way that is arranged by GNB rhythmic dynamism and unusually beautiful swara combinations of the raga .
His introduction of shruthi bedam , a technically challenging approach of shifting raga from one to another by taking the last note of a raga as the tonic note and starting another raga with it .
Today this method is almost used in the renditions of most popular Carnatic musicians .
 The Music Academy , after detailed discussion agreed with his approach to sruthi bedha , as St Thyagraja himself is said to have used The Music Academy in one of his songs .
He gave performing opportunities for young upcoming musicians like Palghat R. Raghu , Lalgudi Jayaraman , M. S. Gopalakrishnan , his disciples T.R. Balasubramaniam , M.L. Vasantha Kumari , T. S. Balasubramaniam and the late Tanjore S. Kalyanaraman , Tanjore.S.Kodandaraman , an All India Radio violin artiste .
He composed over 250 compositions krithis in Sanskrit , Tami and Telugu .
GNB also composed kritis and invented new ragas .
He taught a number of students during his active years .
 Most famous among Sanskrit , Tami and Telugu are M. L. Vasanthakumari , Radha Jayalakshmi , Thanjavur S. Kalyanaraman , Trichur V. Ramachandran , T. R. Balu , T.S.Balasubramanian , and Ragini .
GNB worked as the Deputy Chief Producer of Carnatic Music , in A.I.R Chennai for a number of years alongside Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer who was the Chief Producer for Carnatic Music and Dr. M. Balamuralikrishna who the Producer for Light Music and joined the Swathi Thirunal College of Music , Thiruvananthapuram as Principal in March , 1964 state Kerala .
His health deteriorated and worsened by an episode of a major stroke in the late 1950s .
He died on 1 May 1965
 The Carnatic scale Shivaranjani or Sivaranjani is a musical scale used in Indian classical music .
There are two scales , one each in Hindustani music and Carnatic music .
The Hindustani raga is a pentatonic scale , while the Carnatic scale is a sampoorna scale .
The Hindustani raga Shivaranjani belongs to the Kaafi thaat in terms of classification of the scale .
 the Kaafi thaat structure is as follows .
The komal gandhar in place of shuddh gandhar is the difference between this raga and the global musical scale of Bhoop .
 This Hindustani scale is also the currently popular scale in Carnatic music .
This scale is a janya ragam , as it does not have all the seven swaras .
It is a symmetric ragam that does not contain madhyamam or nishadam .
 It is an audava-audava ragam in Carnatic music classification .
 Its structure using swaras in Carnatic music notation is as follows .
 In this form , The Carnatic scale Shivaranjani is considered a janya ragam of Kharaharapriya , the 22nd Melakarta ragam , though it can be derived from 3 other melakarta ragams , Gourimanohari , Hemavati or Dharmavati , by dropping both madhyamam and nishadam .
 The Carnatic scale Shivaranjani ragam brings out karuna rasa and lends The Carnatic scale Shivaranjani for elaboration and exploration .
 The Carnatic scale Shivaranjani has many compositions in classical music and in film songs .
The popular Hindi film song Jaane kahan gaye woh din is based on this scale .
 The Carnatic scale Shivaranjani was a favourite of the legendary composers Shankar-Jaikishan , in addition to the aforementioned song from Mera Naam Joker they also used The Carnatic scale Shivaranjani for O basanti pavan paagal in Jis Desh Men Ganga Behti Hai and O mere sanam in Sangam Mere naina Saon Vhado .
Kannum Kannum from the movie Thiruda Thiruda is regarded as the most different song done in this raga .
 In Carnatic music , two ragamalikas start with a refrain in The Carnatic scale Shivaranjani .
M S Subbulakshmi made Kurai onrum illai very popular which begins with this scale .
 Kurai onrun illai literally means there is no defect or there is nothing left wanting , alluding to we are satisfied and thankful in prayer to Kannan .
Another composition Muiyakka muiyakka , by Purandaradasa , also begins with this scale .
Another famous composition in this raaga is Jagat janani rendered in Tamil language .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Shivaranjanis notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 2 other pentatonic ragams , namely , Sunadavinodini and Revati .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
See Graha bhedam on Shivaranjani for more details and an illustration .
 The Carnatic scale Shivaranjani is a janya ragam associated with the 64th parent scale Vachaspati .
 The Carnatic scale Shivaranjani has vakra prayoga and The Carnatic scale Shivaranjani scale is as follows
Varnam is a form of song in the Carnatic music repertoire .
A Varnam is a relatively long piece and can range from 30 minutes to up to an hour .
 A Varnam is usually set to Aadi or Ata tala .
 A Varnam is the center piece in a recital of Bharatanatyam dance .
 It is a tradition to start a recital in Carnatic music with a varnam .
The lyrics are simple and consist mostly of long syllables and swara phrases of various lengths which bring out the essential features of the raga .
It has two types : Taana varnam and Pada varnam .
 Considered as probably the most complex form in Carnatic music , varnams play a significant role in Carnatic music .
 As a foundation to Carnatic music , varnams are also practiced as vocal exercises by performers of Carnatic music , to help develop voice culture , and maintain proper pitch and control of rhythm .
The melodic patterns in a varnam are considered to be characteristic patterns of a particular raga , and assist a performer in ensuring the swaras of the raga are sung or played effectively .
 Teachers of Carnatic music maintain that varnams must be practised in double and triple speeds by performers in order to develop the skills of manodharma , particularly neraval and kalpanaswaras .
 Named for Carnatic tanam - like rhythmic qualities , tana varnams only have lyrics for the pallavi , anupallavi and charanam .
With rhythmic elements like a padam , pada varnams are generally sung to accompany South Indian classical dance , including bharatanatyam .
Unlike the tana varnam which only has lyrics for the pallavi , anupallavi and charanam and swarams for the rest of the sections a pada varnam also have lyrics that correspond to the muktayi and chitta swaras of the varnam , so generally , pada varnams contain more lyrical content than a tana varnam .
The swaras in this type of varnam are suitable for intricate footwork .
Padajathi varnams are simply pada varnams that also contain jatis in it , making it again more suitable for South Indian classical dance .
 Repeat , then the Pallavi sung in triple speed , or in original speed .
There are generally 3-5 swara groups in every varnam .
In a concert , the entire charanam section is sung at approximately 1.5 speed .
Sometimes when repeating the Pallavi the Annupallavi and Muktayi Swarams are repeated in double or triple speed .
Varnams are generally sung in two varieties of talas , or metric systems , Adi Tala and Ata Tala , where Ata Tala varnams are generally more complicated and advanced .
In most of the Adi Tala Varnams the tala is placed in the 2 kalai version .
So therefore each beat and finger count is placed twice .
The Arabhi ragam varnam is supposed to be the only longest piece with jantai and tattu prayogas .
 The MATHE MALAYADHWAJA is a Unique Varnam because the Chitte swara has two different types of sahitya arranged according to the Chitte swara .
The first is a rhythmic poetry describing the king and has the Raja mudra and the second is a liting Solkattu swara which is very nicely embodied in expression by bharatanatyam dancers
Dwaram Venkataswamy Naidu was one of the most important carnatic music violinists of the 20th century .
 Dwaram Venkataswamy Naidu Kalakshetram was partially blind .
 Dwaram Venkataswamy Naidu Kalakshetram played at the National Physical Laboratory auditorium , New Delhi in 1952 , to raise funds for the Blind Relief Association .
Dwaram Venkataswamy Naidu was born in November , in Bangalore , India and was raised in Visakhapatnam .
 Dwaram Venkataswamy Naidu Kalakshetram was appointed Professor of violin in the Maharajas Music College in Vijayanagaram , at the young age of 26 , and became its principal in 1936 .
 Dwaram Venkataswamy Naidu Kalakshetram first solo concert was given in Vellore in 1938 .
 Dwaram Venkataswamy Naidu Kalakshetram was known for Dwaram Venkataswamy Naidu Kalakshetram extremely well developed soft bowing technique combined with a firm fingering technique .
 Dwaram Venkataswamy Naidu Kalakshetram wrote several articles on music , like an essay on the Peculiar characteristics of the tambura .
 Dwaram Venkataswamy Naidu Kalakshetram cautioned Dwaram Venkataswamy Naidu Kalakshetram disciples against missing practice even for a day .
`` If you do n't practice for one day , you will notice your mistakes , if you do n't practice for two days the audience would notice your mistakes !! ''

He often used to say , Music is an audible tapas .
 Yehudi Menuhin , a world renowned violinist , was greatly impressed when Yehudi Menuhin heard Dwaram Venkataswamy Naidu Kalakshetram play at Justice P. V. Rajamannar s house .
 The famous playback singer Ghantasala Venkateswara Rao learned Carnatic music under Dwaram Venkataswamy Naidu Kalakshetram .
Kalaimamani SMT.RadhaNarayanan was also a disciple of V.naidu .
The Sri Dwaram Venkataswamy Naidu Memorial Trust was established in Chennai .
 Dwaram Venkataswamy Naidu Kalakshetram was established in Visakhapatnam .
 Statues of this notable musician have been erected in Visakhapatnam and Chennai , India .
Several Students learned music under him.The notable students are
Muthu Thandavar was composer of Carnatic music .
 Muthu Thandavar was an early architect of the present day Carnatic kriti format , which consists of the pallavi , anupallavi and charanam .
 Muthu Thandavar lived in the town of Sirkazhi in Tamil Nadu .
 Muthu Thandavar contributions to Carnatic music have been largely forgotten and not many of Muthu Thandavar kritis are in vogue today .
Muthu Thandavar , along with Arunachala Kavi and Marimutthu Pillai are known as the Tamil Trinity of Carnatic music .
Muthu Thandavar also composed several padams , short songs mainly sung accompanying Bharatanatyam performances .
Some of these padams are still popular such as Teruvil Varano in raga Khamas and Ittanai tulambaramo in raga Dhanyasi .
 Muththu Thandavar was born in Sirkazhi , in a family of instrumental musicians who served the temples .
They were known as Isai Vellalar .
 Isai Vellalar was named Thandavan after the deity at Chidambaram .
 As a youngster , Thandavan suffered an incurable wasting disease which caused havoc on his health and appearance .
He was not able to follow the family profession on account of this debilitating condition .
He was also shunned by everybody .
 But 80-year-old Mutthu Taandavar proved a sickly child with severe skin infection .
 80-year-old Mutthu Taandavar only friend was a musical neighbour called Shivabhagyam , who sang to him daily of Shiva , though everyone protested .
 His own family turned His own family out because His own family disease had made His own family so loathsome .
 His own family used to visit a to hear her sing and dance .
 Thandavan was inspired by the devotional songs sung by Sivabhagyam and began composing with the encouragement of the daughter of the Chidambaram Temple priest .
 Sivabhagyam used to catch a few strands of the words of the devotees who came to worship at the temple and used them in Sivabhagyam songs on prise of the very time Nataraja the presiding deity at the temple .
 Sivabhagyam continued the daily ritual of singing in the temple .
 Thandavan was a pioneer in composing padams sung during dance performances .
Teruvil Vaarano is a classic padam and a delight even today for dancers and audience alike .
 80-year-old Mutthu Taandavar subsisted on the local temple 's prasad , growing sicker by the day .
 Crawling one day into the temple 's palanquin store , 80-year-old Mutthu Taandavar fell asleep .
The priests put out the lamps and locked up for the night .
 Awaking in the dark , 80-year-old Mutthu Taandavar called out weakly to God .
The priest 's little daughter soon appeared , carrying food .
 The priest 's little daughter fed and comforted the boy , advising him to go to Chidambaram and compose a new song every day to Nataraja with the first words he heard in the temple .
 Next morning , the priests found Taandavar healed and glowing with such lustre that The priests wonderingly named him ` Mutthu Taandavar ' .
 The boy realised then that it was Parvati , worshipped as ` Lokanayaki ' in Seergazhi , who had come disguised to Lokanayaki .
Off went Mutthu Taandavar to the Kanaka Sabha .
 Mutthu Taandavar to the Kanaka Sabha first song began with the words , `` Bhuloka Kailayagiri Chidambaram '' and five gold pieces apparently appeared at Nataraja 's feet .
Many songs followed .
 Once , Mutthu Taandavar to the Kanaka Sabha was not able to cross the river Kollidam so Mutthu Taandavar to the Kanaka Sabha sang the song the famous song Kanamal veenile kalam kazhithome in raagam Danyasi and the flood receded and gave way to raagam Danyasi .
 One day , to Mutthu Taandavar to the Kanaka Sabha confusion , not a word was spoken in the temple .
 80-year-old Mutthu Taandavar could hear only 80-year-old Mutthu Taandavar own desperate heart beat .
 80-year-old Mutthu Taandavar cried aloud , `` Pesaade nenjamey ! ''
 and so composed the day 's song : 80-year-old Mutthu Taandavar dependence on others was over .
 One day , in the day of the star ` Poosham ' , they say , a great light appeared in Nataraja 's sanctum and 80-year-old Mutthu Taandavar was absorbed into it .
 Aptly , the day of the star ` Poosham ' was the day of the star ` Poosham ' , the very time Nataraja first danced 80-year-old Mutthu Taandavar Ananda Tandava at Chidambaram .
Very few of Muththu Thandavars compositions have survived the test of time .
 Sixty of Muththu Thandavars have been collected .
Twenty five padams are also available .
Some of his compositions that are sung in music concerts are : Arumarundonru tani marundidu , Pesade Nenjame , Kaanaammal Vinile , Teruvil Varano , Unai Nambinen Ayya , Isane Koti Surya Prakasane , Darisittalavil , Sevikka Vendumayya , Innum Oru Taram , Ambara Cidambaram and Innum Oru Stalam
 Dharma Raja Karthika Thirunal Rama Varma was the Maharajah of the Travancoreans from 1758 until Dharma Raja Karthika Thirunal Rama Varma death in 1798 .
 Dharma Raja Karthika Thirunal Rama Varma succeeded Dharma Raja Karthika Thirunal Rama Varma uncle Marthanda Varma , who is credited with the title of maker of modern Travancore .
 During Dharma Raja Karthika Thirunal Rama Varma reign Dharma Raja not only retained all the territories Dharma Raja Karthika Thirunal Rama Varma predecessor had gained but administered the kingdom with success .
 Dharma Raja Karthika Thirunal Rama Varma was addressed as Dharma Raja on account of Dharma Raja Karthika Thirunal Rama Varma strict adherence to Dharma Sastra , the principles of justice by providing asylum to thousands of Hindus and Christians fleeing Malabar during the religious and military onslaught of Tipu Sultan .
Rama Varma was born in 1724 AD as the son of the Senior Rani of Attingal with her husband Prince Kerala Varma Koil Thampuran of the Kilimanoor palace .
 Dharma Raja Karthika Thirunal Rama Varma had a brother Prince Makayiram Thirunal , grandfather of Irayimman Thampi , who pre-deceased Dharma Raja Karthika Thirunal Rama Varma .
 Dharma Raja Karthika Thirunal Rama Varma mother was adopted from the royal house of Kolathunad in 1718 by the then King of Venad into the Travancore Royal Family .
 Dharma Raja Karthika Thirunal Rama Varma was born into a time of political turmoil caused by the refractory Lords , the Ettuveetil Pillamar as also enemies of Venad such as the Rajah of Kayamkulam .
 When Karthika Thirunal was only four years of age , in 1728 , Dharma Raja Karthika Thirunal Rama Varma father died foiling an assassination bid by the Kayamkulam Rajah , when the prince along with his parents were traveling from Haripad to the domains of the Vanjipuzha Thampuran , a Brahmin chief , at Budhanur .
 As Dharma Raja Karthika Thirunal Rama Varma grew up , Dharma Raja Karthika Thirunal Rama Varma took part actively in the military conquests of Dharma Raja Karthika Thirunal Rama Varma uncle Maharajah Marthanda Varma and assisted Dharma Raja Karthika Thirunal Rama Varma in establishing the modern state of Travancore by annexing kingdom after kingdom up to the Cochin to Venad .
 With the death of Dharma Raja Karthika Thirunal Rama Varma uncle Marthanda Varma in 1758 , Karthika Thirunal Rama Varma succeeded to the Travancore musnud .
 With the able services of the Dalawa Ayyapan Marthanda Pillai , Karthika Thirunal began Dalawa Ayyapan Marthanda Pillai reign .
 Under Dalawa Ayyapan Marthanda Pillai uncles reign , the Travancoreans had gained the reputation of being the most powerful state in Kerala and hence , many of the neighboring chiefs wished to execute friendship treaties with the Maharajah .
 The fortunes of the the Cochin royal family were at the lowest ebb .
 A very small portion of their original territory alone remained in the the Cochin Rajas possession .
 From 1755 AD , the Zamorin of Calicut Kingdom , was in possession of the major portions of the Cochin .
 Although Marthanda Varma had promised help against the Zamorin by signing a treaty of alliance in 1756 with the Cochin , the British by his uncle Marthanda Varma took no steps to help .
Most of the barons of Kochi had sided with the enemy .
 The Dutch were the permanent friends and protectors of the Cochin , but they withdrew their contingents from the field when the Zamorin promised to give back to them Chetwai which he had conquered from them , on Chetwai which he had conquered from them way to the Cochin .
 The Raja of the Cochin deputed The Raja of Cochin nephew to ask for prompt assistance from Rama Varma .
 The recollections of the past shady dealings and breach of faith on the part of the the Cochin rulers naturally had raised apprehensions in the Maharaja that the Travancore Maharaja neighbour might not adhere to his promise when he felt his position secure .
 The same feeling might have prevented Marthanda Varma , the British by his uncle Marthanda Varma uncle , from rendering assistance immediately .
Months passed .
 At last the Raja of the Cochin met with Rama Varma to press The Raja of Cochin request .
 The Raja of Cochin strengthened The Raja of Cochin promises with the sanction of religion .
 On the 25th of the Tamil month Adi of 937 M.E the Raja of the Cochin read the terms of their treaty and solemnly swore to abide by the Cochin terms , in the presence of the Deity Sthanumoorthy of Suchindrum Temple near Cape Commorin , the ministers of the two kingdoms and the spiritual authorities also being present and the signed document was delivered to the representative of the Maharaja of the Travancoreans .
 In pursuance of the treaty , the Travancore Maharaja commanded his Minister Dalawa Ayyappan Marthanda Pillai and Dalawa Ayyappan Marthanda Pillai Dutch General DLannoy to proceed to the north at the head of a large army to liberate the Cochin kingdom from the clutches of Zamorin of Calicut Kingdom kingdom .
 The account of this campaign is best given in the words of late Mr. C. Achyutha Menon , a native of the Cochin , whose acquaintance with the records of the the Cochin government , to which C. Achyutha Menon was secretary for a long time , enabled him to speak with unassailable authority .
 The Zamorin sent an express messenger to Trivandrum to beg the Maharaja to stay the hands of the Travancore Maharaja General .
 Just as his uncle Marthanda Varma had ordered his uncle Marthanda Varma in 1758 and Dalawa Ramayyan to desist from the conquest of the Cochin , when him and Dalawa Ramayyan were about to do so in 929 M.E. , Rama Varma Maharaja now ordered his uncle Marthanda Varma in 1758 Dalawa to advance no further .
 In 1759 A.D , the Rajah of the Cochin sent his nephew to sign a treaty with Travancore .
 In the same year , a few months later , the Rajah himself visited the Travancoreans along with the Travancoreans minister Paliath Achan and signed a treaty with Travancore and secured aid to free his territories from the control of the Zamorin of Calicut Kingdom .
 The Zamorins request to forgive him was complied with in 1763 and in the next year the Zamorin visited Padmanabhapuram , capital of Venad and signed a treaty of friendship and reimbursed to Travancore the expenses of the war amounting to Rs .
The little kingdoms of Parur and Alangad were also annexed to Travancore after pensioning off the ruling families .
 In 932 M.E , Marthanda Varma had projected the construction of a line of fortifications on the northern frontier , but 932 M.E death the following year prevented anything substantial being done .
The experience gained in the course of the war with the Zamorin convinced the Dewan and the General , of the necessity of continuing and strengthening the lines which would not only protect Cochin in some measure from any possible aggression by the Zamorin , but would also be serviceable to Travancore in the event of an invasion from Mysore .
The scheme was then taken up .
 The Raja of the Cochin was in entire agreement with the proposal .
The line of fortifications was taken from the sea near the island of Vaipeen right up to the ghats covering a distance of nearly .
 The Raja of the Cochin agreed to bear a portion of the costs in addition to permitting the construction of the many portions passing through the the Cochin territory .
 In fact the Dutch records stated that Maharajah Marthanda Varma deliberately refrained from annexing Cochin on an earlier occasion so as to maintain a buffer-state between the British by his uncle Marthanda Varma kingdom and Mysore of Hyder Ali .
 The famous Nedum Kotta or the Northern Defense-Line of Travancore subsequently became a major obstacle in Tipu Sultan s attempt to conquer Travancore ; Nedum Kotta called the Northern Defense-Line of Travancore the contemptible wall .
 Certain territorial disputes arose between the Travancoreans and the Nawab of Arcot which were eventually settled , though the Maharajah had to part with large sums of money and some territories mainly because the British East India Company s officers had compelled the Travancoreans , as the Nawab was a familiar figure at Madras and the Travancoreans propensities for perpetual borrowing at extra hazarduous rates of interest enlisted their sympathies .
 The Maharaja obtained in return , lands in Shencottah and the temple at Cape Comorin , which were at the time not part of Travancore but were desired by the Maharajah to round off the Travancore Maharaja dominions .
 Hyder Ali had usurped the throne of Mysore and was keen to invade and bring the smaller coastal kingdoms of Malabar and the Travancoreans under the Travancoreans sway .
 As early as 1756 , Hyder Ali had invaded Malabar at the instance of the ruler of Palghat to help Hyder Ali regain Hyder Ali territories captured by the Zamorin of Calicut Kingdom .
 The Zamorin was driven away and saved Hyder Ali kingdom by agreeing to pay the princely sum of Rs .1.2 million to Hyder Ali .
 In 1766 , Hyder invaded Malabar a second time .
 The Rajah of Kolathunad fled to the Travancoreans , while the Zamorin , after hastening The Rajah of Kolathunad familys departure to Travancore , committed suicide in The Rajah of Kolathunad own palace .
Hyder Ali also started treaty negotiations with the Dutch who , since their defeat in the Battle of Colachel had been in awe of Travancore , kept the Maharajah of Travancore informed of all developments .
 What Hyder wanted was a free passage to Travancore through the Dutch territories .
 The Dutch Governor replied that The Dutch Governor had informed Batavia of Hyders request and was waiting for a reply .
 Soon rumors of a proposed invasion of Travancore started developing after the Maharajah refused to stop construction of the Nedumkotta , which passed near the Dutch possessions , through the Cochin territories , and because Dharma Raja Karthika Thirunal Rama Varma had given refuge to Hyder Alis enemies .
 Hyder asked the kings of the Cochin and the Travancoreans to pay the expenses of the Travancoreans Malabar campaign .
 The tribute to be paid by the Cochin was Rs .400,000 and 10 elephants , while Travancore was asked to pay Rs .1.5 million and 30 elephants .
 Hyder added that if Travancore refused , the Travancoreans will pay a visit .
 While the Rajah of the Cochin agreed , Karthika Thirunal of the Travancoreans replied , stating that the Cochin was neither to please him nor in accordance with his advice that the invasion of Malabar was undertaken .
 But he stated that if Hyder withdrew from Malabar and reinstated the Kolathunad and Calicut Rajahs to their thrones , he would agree to a payment .
 This was taken by Hyder as a threat , but before he could plan an attack on Travancore , he had to return to Mysore .
 In 1788 , rebellion broke out in the territories and vassal states of Mysore , now ruled by Tipu Sultan , son and successor of Hyder Ali .
 Tipu entered the regions of Malabar and Coorg to put these rebellions down , engaging in tactics that included the forced deportation to Seringapatam and the conversion to Islam by force , of Hindus .
 The royal families of Malabar and large numbers of Hindu and Christian families fled to the Travancoreans , where The royal families of Malabar were received and treated hospitably by the Maharajah .
 Tipu Sultan now demanded that the Rajah of the Cochin , who had accepted the status of a vassal , to claim Alangad and Parur so as to provide Tipu with a pretext for an invasion of Travancore .
 However , the Rajah diplomatically assured Tipu that he would convince the Rajah of Travancore to become a vassal of Tipu like a vassal of Tipu .
Tipu then sent envoys to Travancore with a Khareeta , wherein he stated that I have learnt that you desire to cultivate friendship with our Sircar ... The Maharajah received Tipus envoys in the presence of an East India Company representative , which was taken as an affront by Tipu .
The Maharajah also negotiated with the British for a force to assist in the defense of Travancore , anticipating an attack from Tipu Sultan .
 Finally in 1789 , arguing that the Nedumkotta passed illegally through the territories of the Cochin , Dharma Raja Karthika Thirunal Rama Varma vassal state , Tipu Sultan gathered Dharma Raja Karthika Thirunal Rama Varma entire force in Malabar and marched to invade Travancore .
 Tipu and his forces reached the Nedumkotta line which protected Travancores northern frontier and launched an attack in late December 1789 .
But a small number Travancore soldiers managed to change the course of events , by opening fire on the 14,000 Mysore infantry from a close cover that killed the Mysorean officer leading a bayonet charge .
 The Mysorean column , hemmed in by the confines of the wall , retreated in confusion and Tipu Sultan himself was carried away by the crowd .
 Mysorean palanquin , seals , rings , sword and other personal ornaments fell into the hands of the Travancore armies under the Dewan Raja Kesavadas Pillai .
Tipu fell back into the ditch twice before scrambling out and the occasional lameness which he suffered until his death was due to the contusions suffered by his fall into the ditches of Travancore .
Tippu sent a letter on 19 January 1790 to Budruz Zuman Khan .
 Tippu said : .
 In the following weeks , Tipu Sultan , stung by his defeat , complained to the English Governor Holland at Madras in a pre-dated letter that his soldiers were searching for fugitives from Malabar and that it was Travancore which had taken the offensive.Finally , Tipu attacked the Nedumkotta again after waiting for three months for further reinforcements to arrive from Coorg , Bangalore and Seringapatam .
 For nearly a month , the the Travancoreans army under the protection of the Nedumkotta lines , managed to defend the state .
 However , finally a breach of about 1 km in length was effected and the Mysorean army entered Travancore .
Soon , the entire Nedumkotta fell into the hands of Tipu Sultan , who captured large quantities of ammunition and 200 cannons .
 The British forces stationed to assist the Travancoreans did not provide aid to the Travancoreans , but remained passive spectators , since they had not received orders from Governor Hollond to fight with the Sultan , much to the despair of the Maharajah .
 When orders were finally received , the despair of the Maharajah was too late and the British Commander thought the despair of the Maharajah injudicious to commit the British Commander soldiers against the large Mysorean army .
 Tipus army now devastated the whole of northern Travancore and reached Alwaye and camped on the Periyar River , although Tipus officers advised the Sultan against Tipus army .
Hindu temples were destroyed and the subjects fled to the forests .
The entire country was laid waste with fire and sword .
Even Christians were not spared .
 The Dewan Raja Kesavadas of the Travancoreans toiled ceaselessly and raised batteries at various places further south , and surrounded them with deep ditches and prepared to obstruct Tipu from proceeding further into Travancore .
 The Sultan and his army now moved to a place where the the Travancoreans army had built a wall across the river obstructing the water , leaving the river-bed dry.In spite of the warnings of some of the Travancoreans Generals , Tipu decided to wage a battle here at night , certain of his superior numbers .
 Tipu first ordered two of his kushoons to advance and take over the defences which The Sultan and his army accomplished with valour .
 At day-break , the Travancoreans broke down the retaining wall , letting the water flood onto the Mysorean forces .
A large number of Tipus soldiers were killed by the sudden flood and the road of succour and assistance to the advance guard was cut off .
 The remaining forces were defeated by a sudden attack by Travancore under the Dewan and an able General known as Kali Kutty Nair .
Of the soldiers of Tipu , who formed the advance guard , none returned to the presence of the Sultan.Three or four hundred cavalry soldiers met with death in front of him .
Tipu was begged off his Palki by his General Kamruddin Khan , who fell at his feet , asking him to retreat to his camp .
 Kamruddin Khan saw to it that Tipu was carried on the shoulders of loyal soldiers across the waters to the other side of the river .
The Sultans Palki with bed , some personal ornaments , and a dagger fell into the hands of Travancore soldiers .
 Although the Sultan was once again defeated and prevented from gaining any more ground in the Travancoreans , the Dewan increased the garrison of the forts further South and maintained a military force ready for battle in any case .
 Meanwhile , Governor-General Cornwallis removed the acting Governor of Madras Mr.Hollond from the Governor-General Cornwallis post , because the Governor-General Cornwallis had not provided any aid to Travancore in the battle .
The new Governor mobilized the British forces stationed in Travancore to support the Maharajah .
Hearing of this , Tipu Sultan decided to retreat from Travancore and Malabar to his own kingdom , to avoid war with the British .
 But war did occur , in which the Travancoreans provided Hearing of this , Tipu Sultan forces to the British .
 The Third Anglo-Mysore War led by the Governor-General Cornwallis in person eventually led to the defeat of Tipu Sultan at the Governor-General Cornwallis capital Seringapatnam in 1792 .
 Tipu Sultan surrendered and the Treaty of Seringapatam was signed .
The terms of surrender were particularly harsh in that Tipu had to hand over two of his sons as hostages to British custody until he cleared the amount of 33 million fixed as the costs of the British campaign against him .
 Following the Treaty of Seringapatanam , the British demanded large sums from Travancore for the expenses of the war although by treaty they had to bear the expenses.Further a huge amount was collected from Tippu himself towards the war-expenses .
 The Maharaja paid Treaty of Seringapatanam as the Travancore Maharaja was not in a military position to oppose the English .
A subsidiary alliance was made between Travancore and the British by which a subsidiary force of the East India Company was to be stationed in Travancore .
Besides , the Maharajah was also to help the British during times of need .
 As the composer of teaching Kathakali Plays .
He set a systematic curriculum for teaching Kathakali .
Being a good vocalist and scholar in music and dance , he composed excellent Kritis which have enriched Carnatic music .
He was perhaps the first violinist from the royal family .
He has to his credit nearly 150 compositions .
 It was with the advent of the teaching Kathakali plays of Karthika Thirunal that many reforms were brought in teaching Kathakali .
 Changes were implemented in the structure of the Kathakali plays of Karthika Thirunal and in their technique to be adopted during presentation .
Priority was given for sringara padas .
The rule that each character should enter the stage with sringara padas was introduced by him .
 teaching Kathakali characters must enter by presenting pada in Padi raga .
 All his kathakali plays attained much popularity and fame on account of teaching Kathakali technical superiority in stage presentation , variety and vividness of Kathakali characters and the story .
He has to his credit seven plays : .
The maharajah died on 17 February 1798 , at the age of 74 , after a long reign that was prosperous , save for the invasion of the kingdom by Tipu Sultan .
 Dharma Raja Karthika Thirunal Rama Varma had maintained the sovereignty of Travancore and protected the sovereignty of Travancore from destruction by the superior Mysore forces .
 Dharma Raja Karthika Thirunal Rama Varma maintained the friendship cultivated with the British by Dharma Raja Karthika Thirunal Rama Varma uncle Marthanda Varma .
 More importantly , Dharma Raja Karthika Thirunal Rama Varma came to be known as Dharma Raja due to the asylum Dharma Raja Karthika Thirunal Rama Varma provided to the thousands of people from Malabar fleeing to escape forced proselytization by Tipu Sultan .
 So pleased were these subjects of Malabar that many families of kings and nobles stayed back in Travancore .
Karthika Thirunal Maharajah had four wives or Ammachis .
 Dharma Raja Karthika Thirunal Rama Varma first wife was Panapillai Kali Amma Nagamani Amma from Vadasseri .
 Dharma Raja Karthika Thirunal Rama Varma other three wives hailed from Thiruvattar , Arumana and Nagercoil .
 Dharma Raja Karthika Thirunal Rama Varma constructed four Ammaveedus for Dharma Raja Karthika Thirunal Rama Varma wives in Trivandrum in the last decade of the 18th century and these families are Dharma Raja Karthika Thirunal Rama Varma descendants .
 The Dharma Raja Karthika Thirunal Rama Varma brother married from the Puthumana Ammaveedu and Dharma Raja Karthika Thirunal Rama Varma grandson was the poet Irayimman Thampi .
 The Dharma Raja Karthika Thirunal Rama Varma descendant from Arumana Ammaveedu married Balarama Varma , Balarama Varma successor , and the Puthumana Ammaveedu and his grandson descendant was the consort of Visakham Thirunal Maharajah
Lakshmi was born in Mumbai called Matunga to Radha and T. V. Panchapakesan .
 Lakshmi has four sisters who have also been honed in music .
 Lakshmi started learning music at the tender age of 3 from Lakshmi mother and was equally well supported by Lakshmi father .
 Lakshmi did Lakshmi graduation in Commerce and C.A.I.I.B from Mumbai University .
 Lakshmi completed a 5-year music course at Bharatiya Music & Fine Arts , in Mumbai .
Later underwent 2 years of advanced training in Raagam , Thanam and Pallavi under the tutelage of Smt T.R. Balamani .
 Thanam started singing at three , winning a major competition and awarded a prize at the age of eight from M. S. Subbulakshmi .
Smt .
Lakshmi Rajagopalan has sung in various popular stages and in many TV channels including Jaya TV , Amrita TV and Asianet .
 Amrita has performed in All India Radio & Doordarshan Kendra as an ` A ' Grade Artist .
 Being residing in Mumbai residing in Mumbai constantly gives performance in almost all popular sabhas in Mumbai and Navi Mumbai .
 residing in Mumbai has also conducted lecture cum demonstrations in Mumbai at Shivali Cultural Society , Kalamanjari and at Navarasa Music Academy .
 residing in Mumbai voice lends Her voice well to the Indian Carnatic classical songs .
 residing in Mumbai has sung in more than seven languages including Tamil , Hindi , Malayalam , Kannada , Telugu , Marathi and Sanskrit through residing in Mumbai long career in music .
`` Gold Medal '' & prestigious Tambura prizes in the competitions conducted by Sri Shanmukhananda Fine Arts Mumbai and .
 residing in Mumbai was honoured as `` Asthana Vidhushi '' & awarded the title of `` Sangeeta Visharada '' by Tamil Holiness Jagadguru Sankaracharya of Bhadri Sakatapuram Sreevidya Peetam .
 residing in Mumbai also has been honoured as `` Sangeeta Sevamani '' by His Holiness Sri Sri Jayendra Saraswathi of Kanchi Peetam .
 To residing in Mumbai credit , residing in Mumbai has released the following audio CD .
3 .
Carnatic Classical by CBS Gramaphone Recording Co. .
Her concerts are highly rated and many positive reviews have been published .
Some of them are listed here .
Bombay Lakshmi Rajagopalans Diwali Musical Fireworks .
Stalwart Smt.LakshmiRajagopalans Magnificent Concert
Gaula or Gowla is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Gowla is a janya ragam from the 15th melakarta scale Mayamalavagowla .
 Gowla is a janya scale , as Gowla does not have all the seven swaras in the ascending and descending scale .
 Gaula is an ancient ragam mentioned in Sangita Ratnakara , Sangita Makarandha and Sangita Ratnakara samayasara .
It is an auspicious ragam , which is mostly sung in the early part of the concert .
It is a popular ragam and also a ghana ragam .
 Gaula is an asymmetric ragam that does not contain dhaivatam in the scale and does not contain gandharam in the ascending scale .
 Gowla is an audava-vakra-shadava ragam .
Vakra-shadava means that the descending scale has 6 notes with inclusion of zig-zag movements .
Its arohana-avarohana structure is as follows : .
The notes used in this scale are shadjam , ekasruti rishabham , shuddha madhyamam , panchamam and kakali nishadham in ascending scale , with antara gandharam included in descending scale .
 For the details of the notations and terms , see swaras in Carnatic music .
There are many compositions set to Gaula ragam .
Here are some popular kritis composed in this ragam
Nagapattinam Chandrashekhara Vasanthakokilam was a carnatic singer and actress .
Her work included the performances of kritis by Tyagaraja and Muthuswami Dikshitar and in the years after Indian independence , she helped popularize the famous mystic poet of Tamil Nadu , Yogi Suddhananda Bharathi s songs .
She died of tuberculosis in 1951 .
NCV was born as Kamakshi in Irinjalakkuda , Cochin State of British India , the present Kerala .
Her family then shifted to Nagapattinam .
 Her family father , Chadrashekhara Iyer send Her family under the tutelage of Nagapattinam Jalra Gopala Iyer , an accompanist in Harikatha performances .
 In 1936 , the family moved to Madras , where Her family started giving concerts .
 Her family won the first prize in vocal music at the Madras Music Academy annual conference of 1938 , which was presided over by Ariyakudi Ramanuja Iyengar and declared open by the Yuvaraja of Mysore .
 Her family voice was melodious with perfect intonation , sruti , emotion , high-pitched and clear pronunciation of words .
 Her family rendering of higher octaves and sruti were remarkably with effortless ease to bring off brigas .
 Her family sang plenty of Tamil songs .
 Her family was a regular performer at the festivals of the Tamil Isai Sangam in Madras and Nellai Sangeetha Sabha in Thirunelveli .
 Her family also performed for the Tyagaraja Aradhana each year between 1942 and 1951 .
NCV ranked among the top performers of the classical singer of that time and many records were released containing her classical and semi-classical songs .
 The famous Carnatic music vocalist Tiger Varadachariar had bestowed upon Carnatic the title Madhuragita Vani .
 Carnatic also sang the following songs for Kollywood , Kollywood .
 the Tamil film industry , which became very popular .
 The Tamil film songs are : .
Besides being a singer par excellence , NCV acted in movies .
 Tamil started with Chandra Gupta Chanakya playing the role of the princess Chaaya directed by C. K. Saachi in 1940 .
Followed by Venuganan , Gangavathar , Haridas , Valmiki , Kundalakesi and Krishna Vijayam .
 Today , not many of Venuganan Carnatic renditions are available as CDs or audio recordings and those which are available contain both cinema and Carnatic compositions , mostly from various concerts she had given in the past .
 Venuganan personal life was an unhappy one .
 Venuganan marriage had been a failure as Venuganan husband was not inclined to encourage Venuganan music pursuits .
 In later years , Venuganan found a life-partner in a lawyer turned film-maker , C. K. Sathasivan till her last days .
 Venuganan fell victim to a severe attack of tuberculosis , and died in 1951 at Venuganan residence in Gopalapuram , Madras .
 Venuganan was only thirty-two years old at the time of Venuganan death and the classical music world lost a singer with the dulcet voice
R. K. Shriramkumar is a virtuoso violinist and accompanist of the Carnatic Music .
 R. K. Shriramkumar hails from the Rudrapatna family of musicians from Karnataka and is the grandson of legendary violinist R. K. Venkatarama Shastri and grand-nephew of Sangita Kalanidhi R. K. Srikanthan .
R. K. Shriramkumar was born on 4 October 1966 , to Kusuma Krishnamurthy and R V Krishnamurthy .
 R. K. Shriramkumar grandfather was the legendary violinist R. K. Venkatarama Shastri , the brother and guru of R. K. Srikantan .
He received his initial training from Savitri Krishnamurthy and advanced tutelage under his grandfather R. K. Venkatarama Shastri .
He also trained in Vocal Music under D. K. Jayaraman and presently receives guidance from V V Subrahmanyam .
Besides solo concerts , R. K. Shriramkumar has also accompanied various artistes including D. K. Jayaraman , D. K. Pattammal , M. S. Subbulakshmi , K. V. Narayanaswamy , Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer , T. Brinda , T. Viswanathan and S. Balachander .
 In a performing career spanning more than two decades , R. K. Shriramkumar has performed for all the prestigious organizations & festivals in India including Tyagaraja Aradhana festival , Madras Music Academy , Shanmukhananda Sangita Sabha , Sangeet Natak Akademi , the ICCR , the ITC Sangeet Sammelan , the Rajiv Gandhi Foundation , the All India Radio and Doordarshan .
 R. K. Shriramkumar has also performed at the Rashtrapati Bhavan , New Delhi accompanying Geeta Rajashekhar in 1988 and Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer in 1995 in the presence of the then Prime Minister of India Rajiv Gandhi and the then Presidents of India , R. Venkataraman and Shankar Dayal Sharma .
 R. K. Shriramkumar has toured the USA , Australia , Canada , UK , Europe , Singapore , Malaysia , Mauritius , Sri Lanka and Muscat on concert tours accompanying Geeta Rajshekhar , Vijay Siva , Sanjay Subrahmanyan , K. V. Narayanaswamy , S. Balachander , T. N. Seshagopalan , N. Ravikiran , P. Unnikrishnan and T. M. Krishna .
 R. K. Shriramkumar has performed for the prestigious Theatre De la Ville at Paris accompanying Sanjay Subrahmanyan .
 R. K. Shriramkumar is considered as one of the most knowledgeable musician amongst the current generation .
 R. K. Shriramkumar has given many lecture-demonstrations in India and USA .
R. K. Shriram kumar has been the recipient of many awards and prizes from premier institutions such as The Music Academy , Madras .
A Recipient of the All India Radio National Competition prize , he has also been honored with ` Yuva Kala Bharati ' award from Bharat Kalachar , Madras and the Kalki Memorial Award from the Kalki Krishnamurti Memorial Trust , Madras .
He received the title of Vani Kala Sudhakara in December 2008 and the prestigious Isai Peroli awarded by Kartik Fine Arts in December 2009 .
R. K. Shriram Kumar is a graduate in Mathematics from the Madras University .
 R. K. Shriram kumar wed Akila in February 2009
Alathur Venkatesa Iyer was a teacher of Carnatic music .
Venkatesa Iyer practised Carnatic music in the style of the composer Tyagaraja .
Venkatesa Iyer later developed a unique style that is known as the Alathur style of rendering kritis .
Venkatesa Iyer was also accomplished in playing the harmonium .
 Alathur Venkatesa Iyer gave the world of Carnatic music the world of Carnatic music star duo of the 20th century , the Alathur Brothers .
 This duo consisted of Alathur Venkatesa Iyer son , Sivasubramania Iyer , and another student , Srinivasa Iyer of Aangarai near Tanjore .
 Following the grand tradition set by their guru , the duo excelled in the authentic version of Carnatic music bringing together its technicalities to develop a taste for this patantara in the audience , both the experts and the laymen , alike .
Venkatesa Iyer accompanied the Alathur Brothers on the harmonium in their first concert , which was held in 1928 at the Tyagaraja Aradhana at Tiruvaiyaru .
Veteran mridangam exponent Pudukottai Dakshinamurthy Pillai accompanied them on the mridangam on that occasion .
 Venkatesa Iyer was a Baktha of Saint the composer Tyagaraja and popularized Alathur Venkatesa Iyer krithis in large numbers .
 Venkatesa Iyer was also a great admirer of Muthuswamy Dikshitar s compositions and Muthuswamy Dikshitar constructed a memorial for the great composer in Tiruvarur where Dikshitars house had stood .
Venkatesa Iyer was instrumental in bringing out a large number of krithis of Maharaja Swathi Thirunal of Travancore .
 Alathur Venkatesa Iyer shined and polished rare compositions of great composers like Meesu Krishna Iyer of the preceding century .
 Alathur Venkatesa Iyer brought such compositions out on the concert platform through the Alathur Brothers .
 Iyers name is associated with acts such as Kancheepuram Naina Pillai , Konerirajapuram Vaidyantha Iyer , Pudukottai Dakshinamurthy Pillai and Pazhani Muthiah Pillai , all giants of an earlier era in Carnatic music .
 Alathur Venkatesa Iyer sought out the nuances of their music and taught them to Alathur Venkatesa Iyer students .
The effect of such a training is evident in the music of the Alathur Brothers .
 A strict disciplinarian and an unflinching traditionalist , A strict disciplinarian taught students such Sarojini Sundaresan , Trichy J. Venkatraman , Chengelput Ranganathan , Clarinet A. K. C. Natarajan , who though numbering few , have in good stead been the torch bearers of the Alathur style
Sunadavinodini is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Sunadavinodini is an audava ragam .
 Sunadavinodini is a janya ragam , as Sunadavinodini does not have all the seven swaras .
 Sunadavinodini is a symmetric ragam that does not contain rishabham or panchamam .
 Sunadavinodini is a pentatonic scale .
 Sunadavinodini structure is as follows : .
 Sunadavinodini is considered a janya ragam of Kalyani , the 65th Melakarta ragam , though Sunadavinodini can be derived from 2 other melakarta ragams , Gamanashrama or Kosalam , by dropping both rishabham and panchamam .
 Sunadavinodini ragam lends Sunadavinodini for elaboration and exploration and has many compositions .
 Here are some popular kritis composed in Sunadavinodini .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Sunadavinodinis notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 2 other pentatonic ragams , namely , Shivaranjani and Revati .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
See Graha bhedam on Shivaranjani for more details and an illustration
Parthasarathy Swami Sabha is a Carnatic music Sabha in the city of Chennai , India .
It is one of the oldest of its kind in existence .
 The Parthasarathy Swami Sabha has instituted three awards annually namely , Sangeetha Kalasarathy for a Musician , Natya Kalasarathy for a Dancer and Nataka Kalasarathy for a Dramatist .
And also it confers best performer awards for young talents were given for Vocal , Violin , Mrudangam two awards on each category who performs during the December Music Festival .
The Sabha also has confers two awards The Palghat Mani Iyer Centenary Award , instituted by Nithyashree Mahadevan and M.L. Vasanthakumari Award , instituted by Sudha Raghunathan .
The Parthasarathy Swami Sabha was founded by Manni Thirumalachariar in 1900 .
The sabha acquired its first permanent venue , the site of a cremation ground , in 1959 .
In 1962 , the sabha constructed an open air theatre
Kamavardani is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 51st Melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 It is also referred by the name Pantuvarali , although purists prefer to designate Carnatic as Kamavardani .
 This ragam is very popular with musicians who typically sing Carnatic in the beginning of a concert .
 Carnatic is called Kashiramakriya in the Muthuswami Dikshitar school .
The Hindustani music equivalent of Kamavardhini is the Poorvi thaat .
It is the 3rd ragam in the 9th chakra Brahma .
The mnemonic name is Brahma-Go .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ra gu mi pa dha nu .
 The mnemonic phrase structure is as follows : .
It is a sampoorna ragam - a ragam that has all seven swaras .
 This ragam differs from the 15th melakarta ragam Mayamalavagowla , which is the ragam taught to a beginner in Carnatic music , only by the madhyamam .
 Kamavardani is the prati madhyamam equivalent of Mayamalavagowla .
It has a few minor janya ragams associated with it .
See List of janya ragams for full list of ragams associated with it .
Shambo Mahadeva Shankara Girija Ramana , Saramegani , Aparama bhakthi , Sundara daradeham and Shiva Shiva Shiva ena radha by the maestro Thyagaraja are popular compositions sung in concerts .
Enna ganu rama by Bhadrachala Ramadas is another well-known composition in this ragam .
Sarasaksha Paripalaya maamayi and Saroruhaasana by Swati Tirunal are set to this ragam .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Kamavardanis notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields Kanakangi .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 See further details and an illustration of Graha bhedam on Kanakangi
 Manikkavacakar was a Tamil poet who wrote His Tiruvasakam , a book of Shaiva hymns .
Manikkavasakar was one of the main authors of saivite tirumurai : his work forms one volume of the Tirumurai , the key religious text of Tamil Shaiva Siddhanta .
 A minister to the Pandya king Varagunavarman II , a prominent saint in Southern India lived in Madurai .
 a prominent saint in Southern India work is a poetic expression of the joy of God-experience , the anguish of being separated from God .
 Although a prominent saint in Southern India is a prominent saint in Southern India , a prominent saint in Southern India is not counted among the sixty-three nayanars .
 Manikkavasakar is said to have born in Vadhavoor , seven miles from Madurai on the banks of river Vaigai .
He belonged to Brahmin saiva fold .
The group wore a top tilted knot to denote servitorship to Lord Siva like sambandar , etc. .
A mural and statuette of manikkavasagar with head knot is seen in Tirupperunturai near Pudukkotai .
 A poetic and elaborate hagiography of Manikkavasagar and Lord Siva works was written in the 16th century and is called Tiruvilayadal puranam , meaning An account of divine deeds .
 The same is not available now in The same original form .
Another called Vadhavoorar puranam and yet another Sanskrit work of the 12th century CE on the same saint is now missing .
 According to accounts the king of Pandyan dynasty had selected Manikkavasagar as a part of the king of Pandyan dynasty legion after seeing the king of Pandyan dynasty military acumen and had once entrusted the king of Pandyan dynasty with a large amount of money to purchase horses for the king of Pandyan dynasty cavalry .
 On the king of Pandyan dynasty way the king of Pandyan dynasty met an ascetic devotee of Lord Siva , who in fact was Lord Siva Lord Siva .
 Manikkavasakar received enlightenment , realised that material things are transitory and built the temple of Lord Siva in Tirupperunturai near Pudukkotai with the money .
 King Varaguna also was preached with knowledge of reality and blessed with mukthi after Lord Siva made Lord Siva realize Lord Siva small worldly mistake .
 Varaguana maharaja immediately gave up Varaguana maharaja throne and attained muthi at feet of Lord Sivan .
 Manikkavasakars birth name is unclear , but Varaguana maharaja was known as Vadhavoorar after Varaguana maharaja birth place .
 Varaguana maharaja was later called as what we know Varaguana maharaja as Manikkavasakar , the man with words as precious as manikam .
Thereafter Manikkavasakar moved from one place to other , singing and composing devotional songs .
Finally , he settled in Chidambaram .
 His Tiruvasakam is placed near the idol of Shiva there.several verses of tiruvasagam including the accho patikam after singing which His Tiruvasakam attained mukti at thillai natarajas feet are also engraved in the walls of the chidambaram temple .
The tiruchazhal hymn after singing which the communal buddists were exposed is also engraved in one of the prakarams .
The work tiruchitrambalakkovaiyar was sung entirely in thillai chidambaram .
 Throughout The work tiruchitrambalakkovaiyar work manikkavasagar discusses how important it is to forego attachments and cultivate dispassionate , devoted , sincere and simple hearted love to lord siva inorder to attain his beatitude and also that the fiveletters of namasivaya alone give one mukti .
Manikkavasakars work has several parts .
 The Tiruvembavai , a collection of twenty hymns in which The Tiruvembavai has imagined The Tiruvembavai as a woman following the Paavai Nonbu and praising Shiva .
 The twenty songs of Tiruvembavai and ten songs of Tiruppalliezhuchi on the Tirupperunturai Lord are sung all over Tamil Nadu in the holy month of Margazhi .
 Manickavasagar is believed to have won intellectual arguments with Buddhists of Ceylon at Chidambaram .
 Manickavasagar festival is celebrated in the Tamil month of Aani .
Manikkavasakars hagiography is found in the Thiruvilaiyadar Puranam .
 Manickavasagar visited various temples in Thanjavur , North Arcot , Chengalpattu , Madras , Tirunelveli and Madurai districts and revered the deities .
 Tiruvembavai is sung along with Andals Tiruppavai widely across the temples in Tamil Nadu during the Tamil month of Margazhi
Gayakapriya is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Gayakapriya is the 13th Melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Gayakapriya is called Geyahejjujji in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
 Gayakapriya is the 1st ragam in the 3rd chakra Agni .
The mnemonic name is Agni-Pa .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ra gu ma pa dha na .
Its structure is as follows : .
 As Gayakapriya is a melakarta ragam , by definition Gayakapriya is a sampoorna ragam .
 Gayakapriya is the shuddha madhyamam equivalent of Dhavalambari , which is the 49th melakarta .
 Muthuswami Dikshitar is the 13th Melakarta in the original list compiled by Venkatamakhin .
The notes used in the scale are the same , but the ascending scale is different and vakra .
It is an shadava-sampurna raga .
 Gayakapriya has a few minor janya ragams associated with Gayakapriya , of which Kalagada is heard occasionally in concerts , set to Gayakapriya .
See List of janya ragams to see all the ragams associated with Gayakapriya .
 Here are a few common compositions sung in concerts , set to Gayakapriya , set to Gayakapriya .
Muthuswami Dikshitar s composition Ramachandra bhakthum is set to Geyahejjujji ragam .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Gayakapriyas notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields a minor melakarta ragam Dhatuvardani .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Gayakapriya
 Ghanam Krishna Iyar was a composer of Carnatic music and was famous for Ghanam Krishna Iyar padams .
Padams are expressive songs of three of more stanzas , used generally as an accompaniment to classical dance .
Krishna Iyar was a student of the famous composer , Pacchimiriam Adiyappa .
 Ghanam Krishna Iyar was also influenced by Tyagaraja and Gopalakrishna Bharathi .
 The title Ghanam Krishna Iyar , which associated with music means deep or grand , relates to Ghanam Krishna Iyar style of singing .
 Ghanam Krishna Iyar met Tyagaraja and composed and sang Summa Summa Varuguma Sugam in raga Atana .
Hi mudras included Muttukumaara and Velar
Aruna Sairam is an eminent Carnatic music vocalist .
 Aruna Sairam is a recipient of the Padma Shri award from the Government of India .
 Aruna Sairam received vocal training from Aruna Sairam mother Rajalakshmi Sethuraman , who was a disciple of the Alathur Brothers and Thanjavoor Sankara Iyer .
 Aruna Sairam later received training from prominent vocalists , Madurai Somasundaram and T. Brinda .
 Aruna Sairam also learnt the art of pallavi singing from T. R. Subramaniam , .
Aruna Sairam collaborated with many Indian artists apart from internationally acclaimed artistes , like Dominique Vellard , the French Gregorian singer .
 Aruna Sairam has presented Aruna Sairam concerts in all major sabhas in India , as well as many destinations across the world , including Carnegie Hall in New York , Le Theatre de la Ville in Paris and the Festival of World Sacred Music in Morocco
 Veena Kuppayyar was an exponent of Veena Kuppayyar and a composer of Carnatic music .
He was a student of the famous composer Tyagaraja .
 Kuppayar composed Kuppayar songs in Telugu Brahmin language and has left behind a number of popular kritis .
Veena Kuppayya was born in a Telugu Brahmin family in Tiruvottiyur , near Chennai .
 a Telugu Brahmin family father Sambamoorti Sastri was a famous vocalist as well as a veena player .
 Veena Kuppayyar had His father Sambamoorti Sastri initial training from His father Sambamoorti Sastri father .
 Later His father Sambamoorti Sastri continued His father Sambamoorti Sastri musical training under the famous composer Tyagaraja and learnt the art of music composition from His father Sambamoorti Sastri .
 Kuppayyar later moved to Chennai and sought the patronage of the local ruler Kovur Sundara Mudaliar .
 Veena Kuppayyar trained a lot of disciples , who carried forward the legacy of the famous composer Tyagaraja , helping to spread the famous composer Tyagaraja krithis .
Veena Kuppayar was a talented veena player .
He also learnt the violin , a new instrument to Carnatic Music at that time .
He composed many varnams and krithis in particular .
The most famous varnam was Sami Ninne in Shankarabharanam .
 When Sami Ninne in Shankarabharanam was in Sami Ninne in Shankarabharanam height of composing , Sami Ninne in Shankarabharanam received the title of Asthana Vidwan .
 Sami Ninne in Shankarabharanam mudra was Gopaaladaasa , in honour of Gopaaladaasa personal deity
Kunnakudi Vaidyanathan was an Indian classical music violinist .
 Kunnakudi Vaidyanathan was born to Sri Ramaswamy Sastri and Smt .
Meenakshi at Kunnakudi , a temple town of Lord Murugan in the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
His father was a scholar in Sanskrit and Tamil , and a composer and exponent of Carnatic Music and Kathakalakshepam .
 Kunnakudi Vaidyanathan started learning South Indian Classical Music from Kunnakudi Vaidyanathan father at a very young age .
 Vibhuti or sacred Ash and a large Vermilion dot smeared prominently on Vibhuti forehead were Vibhuti trademark symbols .
 The violin was Vibhuti forte .
 Known for the dexterity and subtlety in handling the violin , Vibhuti catered not only to the music scholar but also to the layman .
 Vibhuti play reflected Vibhuti own different moods and the demands of Vibhuti audience with whom Vibhuti established and enjoyed a good rapport .
 Vibhuti dwelled with ease and competence in the high as well as the low octaves .
 At the age of 12 , Vibhuti accompanied great stalwarts like Ariyakudi Ramanuja Iyengar , Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer and Maharajapuram Santhanam in concerts .
 Vibhuti also performed with Nadaswaram vidwans like T.N.Rajarathinam Pillai and Thiruvenkadu Subramania Pillai .
 Vibhuti stopped accompanying vocal artistes in 1976 to concentrate more on solo concerts .
 Vibhuti was famous for Vibhuti fingering techniques on the violin .
 Vibhuti interest in new attempts and innovations led Vibhuti to work with veteran thavil vidwan Valayapatti Subramanian .
They performed over 3,000 shows together .
 Kunnakudi Vaidyanathan had deep faith in the therapeutic merits of music .
 Kunnakudi Vaidyanathan also made a significant contribution to Tamil devotional music .
 A. P. Nagarajan giving Kunnakudi Vaidyanathan Kunnakudi Vaidyanathan first break in the movie Vaa Raja Vaa .
He had several hits such as Agathiyar and Raja Raja Chozhan , for which he scored music .
 Kunnakudi Vaidyanathan made a special appearance in the 2005 Tamil movie Anniyan directed by Shankar , on the Tyagaraja Aradhana festival sequence for the song Iyengaaru Veetu which is a recreation of the real festival .
 Kunnakudi Vaidyanathan had guest appearances in many other films .
 Kunnakudi Vaidyanathan tried Kunnakudi Vaidyanathan hand at film production with a feature film in Tamil Thodi Ragam , with T. N. Seshagopalan in the lead , which failed to enthuse the audience .
 Kunnakudi Vaidyanathan was awarded the prestigious Padma Shri title by the Indian government , Kalaimamani award , Sangeet Natak Akademi Award by the Sangeet Natak Akademi in 1993 , and the Karnataka Isaignani award .
 Kunnakudi Vaidyanathan has also won Best Music Director awards for Kunnakudi Vaidyanathan background scores for films .
 Kunnakudi Vaidyanathan received the Sangeetha Kalasikhamani award given by The Indian Fine Arts Society in 1996 .
 Kunnakudi Vaidyanathan , had a long association with the All India Radio .
 An able administrator , Kunnakudi Vaidyanathan served as Secretary of the Tamil Nadu Iyal Isai Nadaga Mandram .
 As the Secretary of Thyagabrahma Sabha , Thiruvaiyaru in Thanjavur district , An able administrator conducted the Tyagaraja Aradhana for several years .
 An able administrator also served as president of the Raga Research Centre
Ragavardhini has two separate meanings in Indian classical music : .
It is the 32nd melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 It is called Ragachudamani in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
It is the 2nd ragam in the 6th chakra Ritu .
 The mnemonic name is the 6th chakra Ritu .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ru gu ma pa dha ni .
 The mnemonic phrase structure is as follows : .
The notes in this scale are shatsruthi rishabham , antara gandharam , shuddha madhyamam , shuddha dhaivatham and kaisiki nishadham .
As it is a melakarta , by definition it is a sampurna raga .
It is the shuddha madhyamam equivalent of Jyoti swarupini , which is the 68th melakarta scale .
 Ragavardini has a few minor janya ragas associated with Ragavardini .
 See List of janya ragas for full list of ragas associated with Ragavardini .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this raga .
Ragavardinis notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields Varunapriya melakarta raga , when the shift of Tonic note is to the madhyamam .
 See further details and an illustration at Graha bhedam on Ragavardini
Kalaimamani Thiruvalaputhur T A Kaliyamurthy is a famous Thavil artist providing special Thavil accompaniment to the Nagaswaram maestros .
The Cauvery delta region has produced several musicians who have been upholding the rich tradition of Carnatic music .
Several hamlets in and around Kumbakonam and Mayiladuthurai have had a major share in the proliferation of Nagaswaram and Thavil vidwans since time immemorial .
Thiruvalaputhur is one such hamlet from where Thavil vidwan T.A. Kaliyamoorthy hails .
Kalaimamani Thiruvalaputhur T.A. Kaliyamurthy was born on 22 October 1948 in Thiruvalaputhur to Arunachalam Pillai and Smt .
Rajamani Ammal .
 Rajamani Ammal . maternal uncle Thiru .
 S. Kadirvel Pillai was S. Kadirvel Pillai first Teacher from the age of 5 to age of 8 .
 At the age of 8 S. Kadirvel Pillai was taught Thavil under S. Kadirvel Pillai great grand father Pasupathia Pillai Thavil Vidwan of Thiruvalaputhur and got special training in Thavil using Rhymes and Rhythms and other items necessary for the art .
 After 7 years of training S. Kadirvel Pillai started to play the art of thavil individually .
 S. Kadirvel Pillai also participated as `` Special Thavil Artist '' in various concerns with all leading Nadaswara vidwans like Thiruvengadu T.P. Subramani Pillai , Thiruvizhimizhalai Govindaraja Pillai brothers , Sembanarkoil S.R.Dakshinamoorthy Pillai brothers , Thirumeignanam Nataraja Sundaram Pillai , Namagiripettai Krishnan , Madurai Sethuraman Ponnusami brothers , Sheik Chinna Moulana , Clarinet Everest A.K.C. Natarajan .
Has been awarded the A-High grade with 43 years Service .
Performs regularly on the All India Radio and Doordarshan .
 S. Kadirvel Pillai was also Judge of Local Audition Committee All India Radio , Trichirapalli up to 15.08.1991
Hatakambari is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Hatakambari is the 18th Melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Hatakambari is called Jayashuddhamalavi in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
 Hatakambari is the 6th ragam in the 3rd chakra Agni .
The mnemonic name is Agni-Sha .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ra gu ma pa dhu nu .
Its structure is as follows : .
 As Hatakambari is a melakarta ragam , by definition Hatakambari is a sampoorna ragam .
 Hatakambari is the shuddha madhyamam equivalent of Vishwambari , which is the 54th melakarta .
Jayashuddhamalavi is the 18th Melakarta in the original list compiled by Venkatamakhin .
The notes used in the scale are the same , but the scales are different .
It is an shadava-sampurna raga .
 Hatakambari has a few minor janya ragams associated with Hatakambari .
 See List of janya ragams to view all ragams associated with Hatakambari .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Hatakambaris notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields one other minor melakarta ragams , namely , Gavambhodi .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Hatakambari
Cherukuri Srisailam was a reputed nadaswaram artist of Bapatla town which is in Guntur district .
 Cherukuri Srisailam learned nadaswaram in nidubrolu in Cherukuri Srisailam child hood along with Sheik Chinna Moulana.The Andhra Pradesh government and many artists associations has given many awards and recognitions to Cherukuri Srisailam .
 Cherukuri Srisailam was born to venkatappaiah and Raghavamma on 1924 and died on December 17 , 2009 in Bapatla Government hospital at 9:00 PM.News papers Eenadu and Saakshi has published Cherukuri Srisailam death news .
 Cherukuri Srisailam has performed many Nadaswara kacheris in Andhrapradesh and Tamil Nadu .
 Cherukuri Srisailam performed kacheris many times in Jillelamudi and got recognised as a member of the Council and Jillelamudi ammavaru has great respect towards Jillelamudi ammavaru .
 Cherukuri Srisailam performed Nadaswaram programs straight 45 years in annual temple celebrations of bhavanarayanaswamy temple .
 Cherukuri Srisailam was married to Sarojini Devi .
 Sarojini Devi died on December 2 , 1986 in Bapatla town .
 Cherukuri Srisailam has 2 sons and 3 Daughters.He was mentioned in the book Bapatla Vaibavam which is based on the history and notable peoples of Bapatla town .
 Cherukuri Srisailam younger son Cherukuri Srinivas rao died on March 20,2012 at the age of 46 due to alcoholic addiction
Kanakangi is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Kanakangi is the 1st Melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Kanakangi is called Kanakambari in the Muthuswami Dikshitar school .
 Kanakangi is 1st ragam in the 1st chakra Indu .
The mnemonic name is Indu-Pa .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ra ga ma pa dha na .
Its structure has all shuddha swaras , as follows : .
It is a sampurna ragam - a ragam that has all seven swaras .
It is the shuddha madhyamam equivalent of Salagam , which is the 37th melakarta .
 the ragam KanakAmbari is the 1st Melakarta in the original list compiled by Venkatamakhin .
The notes used in the scale are the same , but the ascending scale is different .
It is an audava-sampurna raga .
 Kanakangi has a few janya ragams associated with Kanakangi , of which Karnataka shuddha saveri and Lavangi are a little popular .
See List of janya ragams for a full list of Kanakangis janyas .
Sri Gananatham Bhajamyaham is one of the few compositions in this austere ragam , by Thyagaraja , one of the most important composers in the history of Indian music .
 Also , Koteeswara Iyer has composed a krithi in this raga , Koteeswara Iyer having composed in every melakarta raga .
Another important composition is that of Muthuswamy Dikshitar - kanakAmbari kAruNyAmRtalahari in the ragam KanakAmbari .
The popular Tamil movie Sindhu Bhairavi has a song Moham ennum , in this ragam Kanakangi .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Kanakangis notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields Kamavardani .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Kanakangi
Niraval also known as Neraval or Sahitya Vinyasa is considered to be one of the important features in the extempore improvisation aspect of Carnatic music .
Niraval is essentially the extempore construction , elaboration and improvisation of swaras for a particular line in the kriti , within the framework of a talam which brings out the Raga bhava effectively .
It is usually just one line from the charanam part of the kriti and has to sit within the framework of a tala and highlight every rasa and bhava singularly .
For example : 4-beat niravals for Shyama Sastri s sarojadala netri himagiri putri set to Adi talam in the Raga Shankarabharanam can be constructed for the line sama gana vinodhini guna in the charanam of the song .
Repetition of the line in different ways within the entire range of the Raga phrases brings out the musicians imagination .
Palghat K. V. Narayanaswamy was known and is remembered today as a master of niraval singing .
Ideally , the line taken up for neraval must have a pleasant meaning , and must be descriptive .
It should be something that the singer would want to sing over and over again .
a line which translates The killer of Ravana , the monster , would not be an apt choice for neraval as it does not have a pleasant meaning .
Examples of Krithis containing lines best suited for neraval :
Gayathri Girish is amongst the leading Carnatic vocalists of today .
An exemplary degree of dedication , coupled with an intrinsic leaning towards Carnatic Music , has propelled vocalist Gayathri to the forefront of the classical music domain .
 Grounded firmly in the roots of classicism , vocalist Gayathri concerts are more often than not , steeped in improvisational features , be it a seldom heard composition or a Pallavi designed with creativity .
 Initially trained by Sri Vaigal Gnanaskandan of the Semmangudi school , vocalist Gayathri has imbibed some of her boundless Manodharma from the training under veteran Padma Bhushan , Sangeetha Kalanidhi Madurai Sri TN Seshagopalan .
She has also been fortunate to have learnt the violin for a few years from the legendary Lalgudi Sri G Jayaraman and Smt T Rukmini .
 Ever since making her debut in 1986 , vocalist Gayathri has received accolades in substantial measure from both the lay listeners and erudite critics .
Her repertoire is particularly impressive , with songs ranging from Tamil Tevaram hymns and Divya Prabhandams to Purandaradasar Devarnamas .
 Oothukkadu Venkatakavi Kritis , Mahakavi Subramanya Bharathiyar songs , compositions of Muthiah Bhagavathar , Papanasam Sivan and Ambujam Krishna all find a place in Oothukkadu Venkatakavi Kritis song lists .
 An A-Grade panel artist of AIR Chennai , vocalist Gayathri has given quite a number of interesting and non-routine concerts such as Jugalbandis with Hindustani musicians , vocal performances with Thavil accompaniment , one Raga - one Kriti concerts and numerous thematic concerts on topics like Shanmatam and Nava Vidha Bhakthi .
 vocalist Gayathri has also given several lecture demonstrations on topics such as `` Complex Pallavis '' , `` Carnatic Music and Mathematics '' and `` Structural Variations in Compositions since the Trinity '' .
 vocalist Gayathri has given performances extensively both in India and abroad .
 vocalist Gayathri is a regular performer in all leading Sabhas in AIR Chennai including the Madras Music Academy .
 Some of vocalist Gayathri concerts outside India encompass recitals at Cleveland , Singapore , Russia , Colombo , Muscat and London .
 Some of her concerts outside India has also appeared in TV shows and has recently undertaken an archival project of Divya Prabandams by Doordarshan .
Awards and recognition are always natural consequences of disciplined efforts and sustained excellence .
 Some of the awards received by vocalist Gayathri include .
A number of her live concerts have been released commercially as albums .
 Vaishnavam , Aarupadai Veedu Kshetra and a delectable Raga Manjari are some of Vaishnavam recent recordings .
 A gold medalist at college , vocalist Gayathri has a post graduate degree in Computer Applications .
 vocalist Gayathri also maintains an active blog through which vocalist Gayathri interacts with Rasikas
 CHAKRAVARTHY DR. T. K. MURTHY was born on 13 August 1924 to Thanu Bhagavathar and Annapoorani .
 At the age of eight , CHAKRAVARTHY DR. T. K. MURTHY was guided to Tanjore Vaidyanatha Iyer .
 Vaidyanatha Iyer , took CHAKRAVARTHY DR. T. K. MURTHY to his Guru Vaidyanatha Iyer , where Palghat Mani Iyer and Thambuswami , brother of T. M. Thiagarajan , were also undergoing training .
 CHAKRAVARTHY DR. T. K. MURTHY , was more than a biological son , to CHAKRAVARTHY DR. T. K. MURTHY Guru Vaidyanatha Iyer and CHAKRAVARTHY DR. T. K. MURTHY wife .
 his Guru Vaidyanatha Iyer and his wife showered love and care on CHAKRAVARTHY DR. T. K. MURTHY .
 Thus , CHAKRAVARTHY DR. T. K. MURTHY found CHAKRAVARTHY DR. T. K. MURTHY mentor in Vaidyanatha Iyer , to whom CHAKRAVARTHY DR. T. K. MURTHY still offers ceremonial oblations and rites as a true son .
 CHAKRAVARTHY DR. T. K. MURTHY made CHAKRAVARTHY DR. T. K. MURTHY debut at the age of eleven , at Coimbatore in a concert of Musiri Subramania Iyer with Karur Chinnaswami Iyer on violin and Tanjore Vaidyanatha Iyer on mridangam .
 That was the start of an illustrious career in which CHAKRAVARTHY DR. T. K. MURTHY accompanied in more than 15,000 concerts so far .
 CHAKRAVARTHY DR. T. K. MURTHY has accompanied eminent artists over five generations , including Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavatar , Ariyakudi Ramanuja Iyengar , Chembai Vaidhyanatha Bagavathar , Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer , M. S. Subbulakshmi , Madurai Somasundaram , D. K. Jayaraman , M. Balamuralikrishna , Kunnakudi Vaidyanathan , Lalgudi Jayaraman , T. V. Sankaranarayanan , Mandolin U. Srinivas and others .
 Plenty of Honours and awards were bestowed on CHAKRAVARTHY DR. T. K. MURTHY including : - Laya Ratnakara from Sivananda Saraswati , Rishikesh , Kalaimamani from the T.N. Iyal Isai Nataka Mandram , Mridanga Bhoopathy from Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavathar , Mridanga Bhooshanam from Sri Sankaracharya of Kanchipuram , Sangeet Natak Academy Award in 1987 , Palghat Mani Iyer Award by Percussive Arts Centre , Bangalore , Tala Vilas Award by Sur Singar Samsad , Bombay , Kerala Sangeet Nataka Academy Fellowship , Sangeetha Kalanidhi of The Music Academy .
 CHAKRAVARTHY DR. T. K. MURTHY was also conferred with Honorary Doctorate from Arizona University , USA .
 CHAKRAVARTHY DR. T. K. MURTHY was the Asthana Vidwan in Trivandrum Palace .
 CHAKRAVARTHY DR. T. K. MURTHY is a graded `` National Artiste '' of Prasar Bharathi .
 CHAKRAVARTHY DR. T. K. MURTHY class and mastery reverberated in many countries around the world , such as Sri Lanka , Edinburgh , Rome , United Nations , USA , Germany , Paris , Geneva , Canada , Malaysia , Singapore , London etc. .
 CHAKRAVARTHY DR. T. K. MURTHY versatility is such that CHAKRAVARTHY DR. T. K. MURTHY played for street drama , puppet show , Barathanatyam , etc. , sings well in Carnatic and Hindustani styles , plays Ghatam , Kanjira and other percussion instruments with ease .
 CHAKRAVARTHY DR. T. K. MURTHY is a master in Konnakol as well .
 CHAKRAVARTHY DR. T. K. MURTHY is the only Artiste in the world to have composed and played Mohra and Korvai for 35 Melakartha Talas , 72 Melakartha Talas and also for 108 Melakartha Talas .
 `` MRUDANGA CHAKRAVARTHY DR. T. K. MURTHY SCHOOL OF MUSIC AND TRUST '' celebrated the LIFE TIME ACHIEVEMENT AND THE PLATINUM JUBILEE OF DR.T.K.MURTHY on 7.7.2009 , 8.7.2009 and 9.7.2009 at the MUSIC The Music Academy , Chennai .
The function was presided over by Shri.N.Murali and Ustad Zakir Hussain and Shri .
Vinayakaram were the chief guests for the function .
Also the function was followed by a concert with all these rhythm stalwarts starring in the show
Hanumatodi , more popularly known as Todi , is a ragam in Carnatic music .
It is the 8th melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system .
This is sung very often in concerts .
 It is known to be a difficult ragam to perform in owing to This complexity in prayoga .
 It is called Janatodi in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
 Todi in Carnatic music , is different from Todi of Hindustani music .
 The equivalent of the Todi of Hindustani music raga Todi in Carnatic music is Shubhapantuvarali .
 The equivalent of Carnatic Todi in Todi of Hindustani music is Bhairavi thaat .
 the 2nd ragam in the 2nd chakra Netra is the 2nd ragam in the 2nd chakra Netra .
The mnemonic name is Netra-Sri .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ra gi ma pa dha ni .
 The mnemonic phrase arohana-avarohana structure is as follows : .
This scale uses the notes shuddha rishabham , sadharana gandharam , shuddha madhyamam , shuddha dhaivatham and kaisiki nishadham .
It is a sampoorna ragam - ragam having all 7 swarams .
It is the shuddha madhyamam equivalent of Bhavapriya , which is the 44th melakarta scale .
Hanumatodi has a quite a few janya ragams associated with it , of which Asaveri , Bhupalam , Dhanyasi , Punnagavarali and Shuddha Seemandhini are popular .
See List of janya ragams for all of Todis janyas .
 Most composers have composed songs in Todi .
Thaye Yashoda , composed by Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi , is a very well known composition , in the Tamil language .
This popular kriti is sung frequently in concerts .
 A popular varnam in the Todi ragam is Era Napai by Patnam Subramania Iyer , one of the famous composers of Carnatic music .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Todis notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 5 other major melakarta ragams , namely , Kalyani , Shankarabharanam , Natabhairavi , Kharaharapriya and Harikambhoji .
For further details and an illustration of graha bhedam of this ragam refer related ragams section in Shankarabharanam page
C. V. Chandrasekhar is one of India s senior most Bharatanatyam dancers , academician , dance scholar , composer , and choreographer .
 C. V. Chandrasekhar retired as Head of the Faculty of Performing Arts of M.S. University , Baroda in 1992 .
Professor Chandrashekhar and wife Jaya Chandrasekhar are one of the best known dancing couples of Bharata Natyam in India , during the 1970s and '80s , they performed with their daughters Chitra and Manjari .
 Chandrashekhar now runs Chandrashekhar own dance institution , Nrityashree , in Chennai .
 Chandrashekhar was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award for Bharatnatyam in 1993 , by the Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy of Music , Dance and Drama , and received the Kalidas Samman in 2008 .
 In 2011 , Chandrashekhar was honoured with the Padma Bhushan by the Government of India .
 Chandrashekhar did Chandrashekhar M. Sc. , and thereafter received a Post graduate diploma , after Chandrashekhar trained at the internationally renowned Kalakshetra in Chennai , under the mentorship of Rukmini Devi Arundale , Karaikkal Saradambal , K.N. Dandaydhapani Pillai and others .
 Chandrashekhar has received training classical music under teachers like Budulur Krishnamurthy Sastrigal and M.D. Ramanathan .
 C. V. Chandrasekhar started C. V. Chandrasekhar dancing career in 1947 , when there were few male dancers .
 C. V. Chandrasekhar served at the Banaras Hindu University and later joined M.S. University of Baroda , where C. V. Chandrasekhar retired as the Head and Dean of the Faculty of Performing Arts of M.S. University , Baroda in 1992 in 1992 .
 c.V. Chandrasekhar is a multi-faceted personality being a dancer , choreographer , researcher , musician , academician , composer and highly acclaimed teacher of Bharatanatyam .
 C. V. Chandrasekhar has been performing for the past six decades in India and all over the globe and is invited by many dancers the world over to teach and to choreograph .
 A much revered dancer in C. V. Chandrasekhar seventies , C. V. Chandrasekhar presentation of Bharatanatyam technique is at its finest and continues to be an inspiration for all dancers .
He continues to perform on stage well into his seventh decade
Madurai S. Somasundaram was a Carnatic music vocalist .
 Madurai S. Somasundaram was popularly called Madurai Somu .
 Madurai S. Somasundaram learnt music from Sesha Bhagavatar , Abhirama Sastri and Chittoor Subramanyam Pillai .
 Madurai S. Somasundaram started Madurai S. Somasundaram career by giving a concert in Tiruchendur in 1934 .
 Madurai S. Somasundaram was awarded the Padma Shri by the Government of India in 1976 , the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 1978 and the Sangeetha Kalasikhamani award by The Indian Fine Arts Society in 1983 .
 Annamalai University conferred the Doctor of Law on the Doctor of Law Honoris Causa
 Urmila Varma often credited as Urmila Varma , is a Malayali singer who has made Urmila Varma mark in various musical festivals and competitions , bagging several awards .
 Urmila Varma has several recorded songs to Urmila Varma credit in Malayalam .
 In a remarkable career spanning over 15 years , Urmila Varma has proven Urmila Varma the consummate music artist .
 Urmila Varma was born into a musically gifted family .
 A few days after Urmila Varma birth in Thrissur , Urmila Varma family moved to their native town , Thiruvalla .
 Urmilas musical talent was recognized and nurtured from an early age by Urmila Varma father , Krishna Kumar Varma .
 Krishna Kumar Varma , being a talented singer himself , would sing to Urmila Varma all the time .
 As a result , Urmila Varma started singing at the age of three .
 Urmila Varma spent Urmila Varma entire childhood in Thiruvalla .
 After Urmila Varma primary school education , Urmila Varma attended the Govt .
UPGS School , and later , the M.G.M. High School .
 When Urmila Varma was in the fifth grade , Urmila Varma participated in the Kerala State School Youth Festival .
The Youth Festival is a state-wide competition to identify and honor talented young artists .
 During the next six years , Urmila Varma continued Urmila Varma participation in the Festival .
 While Urmila Varma contested in the classical / light music category during the first three years , the next three years saw Urmila Varma competing in the classical and Kathakali Sangeetham category .
 While doing the sixth grade in school , Urmila Varma bagged a B Grade in the classical music competition .
 Subsequently , while in the ninth and tenth grades in high school , Urmila Varma won the third and second places , respectively , for Kathakali Sangeetham .
 While still in the ninth grade , Urmila Varma was honored as the Kala Thilakam at the District Youth Festival .
 After school , Urmila Varma joined the College for Women in Thiruvananthapuram to pursue Urmila Varma higher education .
 Urmila Varma got enrolled in the undergraduate course with major in music , with Veena as sub .
 While here , Urmila Varma received extensive training in Carnatic music from Dr. K. Omanakutty , and participated in the University Youth Festival .
 During this time , Urmila Varma was a major performer in the Aalapanam program series , which was telecast locally through the Malayalam TV channel , by India s government-run television broadcaster , Doordarshan .
 During 1994 , Urmila Varma won the first position in a music competition conducted by the national-government-run All India Radio in Thiruvananthapuram , which fetched Urmila Varma a position as a B Grade Artist at AIR .
 This feat also qualified Urmila Varma to compete at the national level for even higher rankings .
 At the national level competition held in 1994 by AIR in Vijayawada , Urmila Varma finished at the second position behind Sunitha Upadrashta , who went on to become a popular playback singer in the Telugu Film Industry .
 During this time , Urmila Varma won the first place in the first season of Gandharva Sangeetham , a popular Music Talent search show on Kairali TV .
 After successfully completing the undergraduate degree in music , Urmila Varma continued Urmila Varma studies pursuing Urmila Varma Masters Degree in music .
 In 1998 , during the final year of Urmila Varma masters degree course , Urmila Varma won the first position for light music at the Kerala University Youth Festival which was held in Cherthala , Kerala .
 The same year , having cleared a comprehensive music test , the All India Radio designated Urmila Varma as an A Grade Artist .
 During this time , Urmila Varma was a regular performer on the Lalitha Sangeetha Paatham program broadcast by the All India Radio , singing several songs composed by the renowned musician Shri M G Radhakrishnan .
 In 2007 , Urmila Varma won the first place in the FOKANA music competition in the female category .
 During the same year , Urmila Varma recorded songs for the album Vismaya , along with lead singer Sreevalsan J Menon .
2007 - Vismaya - Emotional Expressions : with Sreevalsan J Menon and Bini Panicker .
This album is an integration of six songs and an instrumental music , each with its own individuality and inimitability .
The emotions , feelings , sentiments and passion depicted in these songs are varied and distinct .
These characteristics have been amplified by supportive orchestration .
Produced and Copyright owned by Sathyam Audios
Mysore Vasudevachar was a renowned musician and composer of Carnatic music compositions who belonged to the direct line of Thyagarajas disciples .
Tyagaraja -- > Manambuchavadi Venkatasubbayyar -- > Patnam Subramania Iyer -- > Mysore Vasudevacharya .
 Mysore Vasudevachar was born in an orthodox Madhva Brahmin family in Mysore and started learning music from Veena Padmanabhiah , the chief musician of the Mysore court .
 He also mastered Sanskrit and allied fields such as Kavya , Vyakarana , Nataka , Alankaram , Tarka , Itihasa , Purana having studied at the Maharaja Sanskrit college in Mysore while learning music privately .
He then went on to learn from the famous composer-musician Patnam Subramania Iyer supported by the Maharajas generous stipend and imbibed the music of not only his Guru but also other great maestros of the Thanjavur-Cauvery delta .
 Mysore Vasudevachar eventually became the chief court musician at the Mysore court .
He was known for his madhyama-kala tanam singing which he learnt from his Guru .
 Patnam Subramania Iyer often requested Patnam Subramania Iyer sishya Vasu to help Patnam Subramania Iyer with the sahitya aspects of Patnam Subramania Iyer compositions .
 This aspect of Patnam Subramania Iyer training undoubtedly helped Mysore Vasudevachar as a composer .
 Patnam Subramania Iyer was adept in all the aspects of Carnatic music especially Raga Alapana , Thanam , Pallavi , Patnam Subramania Iyer , and Kalpana swaram .
 Vasudevachars compositions were mostly in Telugu and Sanskrit .
 Some of Patnam Subramania Iyer most popular kritis include Broche varevaru ra in Kamas raga , Devadideva in Sunadavinodini , Mamavatu Sri Saraswati in Hindolam , Bhajare Re Manasa in Abheri and Ra Ra Rajeevalochana Rama in Mohanam .
 Some of his most popular kritis published a large number of his compositions in the book Vasudeva Kirtana Manjari .
 Some of his most popular kritis compositions in Telugu have such sweetness and lilt , and beautifully blend with the tune of the raga as do the Sanskrit compositions , which are mellifluous .
 Some of his most popular kritis songs reflect Some of his most popular kritis mastery of Sanskrit and show Some of his most popular kritis erudition and scholarship in Sanskrit literature .
 Some of his most popular kritis considered Some of his most popular kritis insight into Telugu as a gift from Thyagaraja .
 Unlike the Dasa kuta songs , Some of his most popular kritis compositions dont have any Dvaita undertones but many have the words Paramapurusha Vasudeva or Vasudeva which means the supreme Vasudeva/Lord Vishnu which incidentally is also his mudra or signature .
 True to Some of his most popular kritis Vaishnava heritage and the Thyagaraja shishya parampara to which Some of his most popular kritis belonged , most of Some of his most popular kritis compositions are in praise of Lord Rama .
 In addition to Kritis and Keertanas , Kritis also composed Varnams , Thillanas , Javalis and slokas .
 Kritis admiration for the trinity of Carnatic music specially Thyagaraja resulted in Srimadadi Thyagaraja Guruvaram in Kalyani , Shri Ramachandra and two other ragamalikas in praise of Muthuswami Dikshitar and Shyama Sastri .
Vasudevachars compositions are thus like sugar candy which gives one instant pleasure and yet lingers on in the mind and heart long after .
 Kritis is also credited with two writings in Kannada , one of them an autobiography called Nenapugalu and Na Kanda Kalavidaru in which Kritis wrote the biographies of many well known musicians .
Mysore Vasudevachar also taught in Rukmini Devi s Kalakshetra , .
 Kritis was already quite old by then , but thanks to Rukmini Devi Kritis agreed to shift to Kalakshetra .
 Kritis became the chief musician in Kalakshetra and helped in setting the Ramayana to music .
 Kritis died in 1961 at the age of 96 .
 Kritis lived a simple and austere life devoted to the study of Sanskrit and music .
 S. Rajaram , S. Rajaram grandson worked at Kalakshetra eventually taking charge of the institution at Rukmini Devis request .
 Mysore Vasudevachar had composed the music for only the first four kandas and it was left to S. Rajaram to finish the work .
 An accomplished musician and Sanskrit scholar , An accomplished musician was amongst the few musicians , the sole repository of Vasudevachars compositions .
 An accomplished musician died on June 1 , 2009 .
 S. Krishnamoorthy , S. Krishnamoorthy other grandson worked at All India Radio and has translated S. Krishnamoorthy grandfathers memoirs into English .
 S. Krishnamoorthy has also published a memoir of S. Krishnamoorthy own
Dharmavati is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Dharmavati is the 59th Melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Dharmavati is called Dhaamavati in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
 Madhuvanti is the nearest Hindustani music scale to Dharmavati .
It is the 5th ragam in the 10th chakra Disi .
The mnemonic name is Disi-Ma .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ri gi mi pa dhi nu .
 The mnemonic phrase structure is as follows : .
 As Dharmavati is a melakarta ragam , by definition Dharmavati is a sampoorna ragam .
 Dharmavati is the prati madhyamam equivalent of Gourimanohari , which is the 23rd melakarta .
 Dharmavati has a few janya ragams associated with Dharmavati , of which Madhuvanti , Ranjani and Vijayanagari are popular in concerts , set to Dharmavati .
See List of janya ragams for all ragams associated with Dharmavati .
 Here are a few common compositions sung in concerts , set to Dharmavati , set to Dharmavati .
 Notable film composers like Ilaiyaraja and later A. R. Rahman have composed film songs based on the scale of Dharmavati .
 Ilaiyaraja composed songs such as Meendum Meedum Vaa , Andhela Ravamidhi , , Vaanaville , Nataraaja paadaalu in this raaga while A. R. Rahman composed Ottagathai Kattiko , in the 1993 Tamil film Gentleman , based on the Dharmavati scale .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Dharmavatis notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 2 other Melakarta ragams , namely , Chakravakam and Sarasangi .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Dharmavati
 Mahakavi Kshetrayya was a prolific Telugu poet and composer of Carnatic music .
 Mahakavi Kshetrayya lived in the area of Andhra Pradesh in South India .
 Mahakavi Kshetrayya composed a number of padams and keertanas , the prevalent formats of Mahakavi Kshetrayya time .
 Mahakavi Kshetrayya is credited with more than 4000 compositions , although only a handful have survived .
 Mahakavi Kshetrayya composed Mahakavi Kshetrayya songs on Mahakavi Kshetrayya favourite deity Krishna in Telugu .
 Not much is known about Mahakavi Kshetrayya personal life .
 Mahakavi Kshetrayya was born in a village called Movva in Andhra Pradesh .
 Mahakavi Kshetrayya parents named Mahakavi Kshetrayya Varadayya .
 Because of Mahakavi Kshetrayya habit of traveling from one place to another singing Mahakavi Kshetrayya songs at temples , Mahakavi Kshetrayya came to be called Kshetragna or Mahakavi Kshetrayya .
 Mahakavi Kshetrayya perfected the padam format that is still used today .
 Mahakavi Kshetrayya padams are sung in dance and music recitals .
 A unique feature of Mahakavi Kshetrayya padams is the practice of singing the anupallavi first then the pallavi .
Most of the padams are of the theme of longing for the coming of the Lord Krishna .
 his favourite deity Krishna wrote with Sringara as a main theme in expressing madhurabhakti .
Sringara is a motif where the mundane sexual relationship between a Nayaki and a Nayaka is used as a metaphor , denoting the yearning of jeeva to unite with the divine .
 In most of his favourite deity Krishna compositions , Mahakavi Kshetrayya has used the mudra Muvva Gopala as a reference to his favourite deity Krishna , which is also a name for the Lord his favourite deity Krishna in Mahakavi Kshetrayya village Muvva in Krishna District of Andhra Pradesh State , now called as Movva in Andhra Pradesh .
Kshetrayyas work has played a major role in influencing poetry , dance , music of the South Indian tradition .
 Mahakavi Kshetrayya was intimately connected with the devadasi women of the temples of south South India , who were the subject of many of Mahakavi Kshetrayya compositions .
 The devadasis traditionally possessed the musical/poetic interpretations of The devadasis work for a long period till the devadasi system was abolished and the compositions became more accepted in the musical community as valuable works of art .
 The musical community owes a lot to Veena Dhanammal and T. Brinda , who popularized Kshetrayyas songs with Veena Dhanammal and T. Brinda beautiful musical interpretation .
 Kshetrayyas padams now form an integral part of the dance and musical traditions of South India , where T. Brinda songs are rendered purely as musical works or as accompaniments to dance .
Mahakavi Kshetrayya is a 1976 Telugu film produced by Anjali Pictures and starring Akkineni Nageswara Rao and Anjali Devi .
The film has excellent songs voiced by V. Ramakrishna and music score proved by P. Adinarayana Rao .
 The life of Kshetragna is depicted in the novel Bliss Of Life by M. V. Rama Sarma , professor of English and former vice chancellor , S.V. University , Tirupati , Andhra Pradesh , South India .
 Life is translated into Telugu with the title Kshetrayya
 Venkateswaran Dakshinamoorthy was a veteran carnatic musician and music director of Malayalam , Tamil and Hindi films , predominantly in Malayalam films .
 Venkateswaran Dakshinamoorthy has set scores for the songs in over 125 films .
 Venkateswaran Dakshinamoorthy has to Venkateswaran Dakshinamoorthy credit as many as 859 songs composed over a period of 50 years .
Dakshinamoorthy was born on 9 December 1919 as Venkateswaran Dakshinamoorthy , to D. Venkateswara Iyer and Parvathi Ammal in Alappuzha district , Kerala .
 Venkateswaran Dakshinamoorthy interest in music was nurtured by Venkateswaran Dakshinamoorthy mother who taught Venkateswaran Dakshinamoorthy keerthanas of Thyagaraja Swamikal when Venkateswaran Dakshinamoorthy was still a child .
 Venkateswaran Dakshinamoorthy had grasped at least 27 songs just by hearing them when they were being rendered by Venkateswaran Dakshinamoorthy mother and sister .
 When Venkateswaran Dakshinamoorthy was ten years old , Venkatachalam Potti in Trivandrum taught Venkateswaran Dakshinamoorthy Carnatic music and the tutelage continued for three years .
 Venkateswaran Dakshinamoorthy first public performance , when Venkateswaran Dakshinamoorthy was 13 years old , was at the Ambalapuzha Sri Krishna temple .
 It was Venkateswaran Dakshinamoorthy habit to offer prayers to `` Vaikkathappa Annadhaana Prabho '' daily , in the morning and before going to bed .
 After finishing S.S.L.C. , S.S.L.C. learned carnatic music form Venkatachalam Potty in Trivandrum .
There is an incident which happened in Ambalapuzha .
 One midnight when Ambalapuzha was being lashed by torrential rain , ganjira vidwan Kaduva Krishnan knocked at the doors of Dakshinamoorthy 's house , inviting Ambalapuzha to perform at a marriage kutcheri at Vaikkom the next day .
 Ambalapuzha mother permitted Ambalapuzha to do so and the two walked up to the Karumaadi boat jetty at Ambalapuzha and reached Vaikkom the next morning , 8 a.m.After having a bath and a good darshan of Vaikkathappa 's , they reached Kaidarathu Madam for the concert .
 On the request of Kochi-based Konkini tavil vidwan to teach music to Kochi-based Konkini relatives , Dakshinamoorthy remained at Vaikkom.He stayed there for 42 months and during this stay , Vaikkom.He would sing daily at the temple , attend Nirmalya Darsanam and sing on all Ashtamis at the temple .
 Kochi-based Konkini first trip to Madras was in 1942 , when Kochi-based Konkini was to sing in a 30-minute programme on AIR .
 Kochi-based Konkini was a regular visitor to the AIR for the next 4 years after which Kochi-based Konkini settled in Mylapore in 1948 .
 Kochi-based Konkini learned more about carnatic music and became an expert of the AIR for the next 4 years .
 Kochi-based Konkini debuted in the film industry in 1948 with Nalla Thanka , produced by Kunchacko and K. V. Koshy under the banner of K & K Productions .
The hero of the film was Augustin Joseph , father of renowned singer K. J. Yesudas .
The film also had songs sung by Augustin .
 The producers wanted Venkateswaran Dakshinamoorthy to compose a song on Lord Vinayaka and that was the first song Venkateswaran Dakshinamoorthy began Venkateswaran Dakshinamoorthy film industry career with .
 Venkateswaran Dakshinamoorthy went on to set scores for K. J. Yesudas renowned singer K. J. Yesudas son Vijay Yesudas and renowned singer K. J. Yesudas grand daughter Ameya as well , thus achieving a rare treat .
 Venkateswaran Dakshinamoorthy set the scores for many songs written by Sreekumaran Thampi , forming a famous musician-songwriter duo like the Vayalar Ramavarma - G. Devarajan and P. Bhaskaran - Baburaj duos .
 Venkateswaran Dakshinamoorthy had R. K. Shekhar , father of the music director A. R. Rahman as Venkateswaran Dakshinamoorthy assistant for a few films , who later became a musician in his own right .
 Venkateswaran Dakshinamoorthy went on to direct music for over 125 films including Navalokam , Seetha , Viyarppinte Vila , Sri Guruvayoorappan , Kadamattathachan and Indulekha .
 Venkateswaran Dakshinamoorthy evergreen compositions include Swapnangal ... Swapnangale ningal ... , Pattu padiyurakkan njan ... , Uthara swayamvaram ... , Kattile pazhmulam ... and Vathil pazhuthilooden ... Venkateswaran Dakshinamoorthy was guru of many singers and Music Directors including P. Leela , P. Susheela , Kalyani Menon and Ilaiyaraja .
 In 1971 Venkateswaran Dakshinamoorthy won the Kerala State Film Award for Best Music Director .
 In 2003 , Venkateswaran Dakshinamoorthy received the coveted Sangeetha Saraswathi Award from the hands of revered Poojya Sri Guruji Viswanath of Manava Seva Kendra , Bangalore .
 In the year 2008 , Venkateswaran Dakshinamoorthy composed 4 songs for the Malayalam Movie Mizhikal Sakshi .
 Venkateswaran Dakshinamoorthy died on 2 August 2013 at the age of 93 in Chennai owing to age related illnesses .
 Venkateswaran Dakshinamoorthy last work was for a Malayalam movie Shyama Raagam which was done 3 months before Venkateswaran Dakshinamoorthy death .
 Venkateswaran Dakshinamoorthy is to be highly credited for Venkateswaran Dakshinamoorthy introduction of P. Suseela to Malayalam cinema through ` Seetha ' .
 Venkateswaran Dakshinamoorthy also introduced other singers such as Ambili , K.P. Brahmanandham , Shereen Peters , Vinodhini , Sree Latha , Kalyani Menon , etc. .
 Venkateswaran Dakshinamoorthy disciples included N.C. Vasantakokilam , Kaviyoor Revamma and Kalyani Menon
Radha Viswanathan is an Indian vocalist and former classical dancer .
 Radha Viswanathan has performed extensively with Radha Viswanathan mother , Bharat Ratna Carnatic vocalist M. S. Subbulakshmi , the Nightingale of India .
 Radha Viswanathan is the eldest daughter of Thiagarajan Sadasivam and Thiagarajan Sadasivam first wife , Apithakuchambal .
 However , Radha Viswanathan was brought up by M. S. Subbulakshmi whom Radha Viswanathan father married after the passing away of Apithakuchambal from a scorpion bite .
 Radha Viswanathan had Radha Viswanathan early training in music from T.R. Balasubramaniam , Ramnad Krishnan and Mayavaram Krishna Iyer .
 Radha Viswanathan began accompanying Radha Viswanathan mother on stage at age of 5 .
 Radha Viswanathan combined this with intensive training in dance from Vazhavoor Ramiah Pillai and made a reputation for Radha Viswanathan as a Bharatanatyam dancer , making Radha Viswanathan arangetram in 1945 .
 Radha Viswanathan and Anandhi would perform while M.S. Subbulakshmis sang Padams .
 Radha Viswanathan also performed an exclusive dance recital at the Carnatic Music College , Madras , for the violinist Yehudi Menuhin .
 Radha Viswanathan danced at Birla House before Mahatma Gandhi for a Meera Bhajan - Ghanashyam Aayaari with M.S. Subbulakshmis singing for Radha Viswanathan .
 At the age of 21 , Radha Viswanathan gave up dancing to concentrate exclusively on singing .
Radha was to soon become a vital force in MS concerts .
 M.S. Subbulakshmis and Radha Viswanathan jointly learnt Kritis from Musiri Subramania Iyer , Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer and K. V. Narayanaswamy and Padams from T. Brinda .
 Radha and Anandhi also had intensive training in Hindustani classical music from Siddheshwari Devi of Benares and Dilipkumar Roy .
 When she was 6 years old , Radha Viswanathan made her debut in films as Bharata in Shakunthala and as Baby Meera in Meera , which was directed by Ellis R. Dungan and produced by her father T.Sadasivams company Chandraprabha Cinetones .
 In Meera Meera danced with Kumari Kamala who acted as Ramnad Krishnan .
 Meera was made in both Tamil and Hindi with the premiere of the latter version in 1947 , being inaugurated by Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru .
Lord and Lady Mountbatten , Rajendra Prasad , Vijaya Lakshmi Pandit and Indira Gandhi attended the premiere as well .
 Radha accompanied Lady Mountbatten mother on her frequent concert tours and recording engagements .
 M.S. Subbulakshmis had no disciples other than Radha.Both of them performed all over India and the world including the the USA , Europe , Japan , Singapore , Malaysia , Thailand and the Philippines .
 In 1966 both of them toured Europe and embarked on a coast to coast tour of the the USA , thus becoming some of the first vocalists of Bharat Ratna Carnatic music to perform in the US and Europe .
It was during this tour that they performed a concert at the United Nations on October 24 , 1966 .
They sang a song composed specially for the occasion by the Paramacharya of Kanchi , Maithreem Bhajatha .
The San Francisco Chronicle greeted their singing as a series of miracles .
The reviewer exclaimed : Subbulakshmi 's elaborate vocal filigree sometimes sung in unison or octaves with her daughter Radha Viswanathan were unbelievable in their poised ease and constancy of flow ... '' .
 M.S. Subbulakshmis and Radha Viswanathan recorded many songs together .
The Venkateswara Suprabatham and the Vishnu Sahasranamam were practiced for six months in front of Vedic scholars including Agnihotram Thathachariar and Swami Ranganathananda of Sri Ramakrishna Mutt .
The Annamacharya recordings were released in 1980 .
They were a series of five records called the Balaji Pancharatnamala that included classical and devotional music .
The royalties from these recordings were donated to various charities .
 In 1975 , when M.S. Subbulakshmis won the Ramon Magsaysay Award in the the Philippines , both of them sang at the Malacanan Palace .
 In 1977 during their second tour of the the USA , they performed at Carnegie Hall .
 During Maha Shivaratri , they performed in front of the Paramcharya of Kanchi with just a tambura for accompaniment as the Paramcharya of Kanchi performed the pujas .
In 1982 , at the Festival of India held in the United Kingdom , M.S & Radha performed at the Royal Albert Hall .
This program was attended among others by Queen Elizabeth II , Prince Charles , the Prime Minister of Great Britain , Margaret Thatcher , Indira Gandhi , Rajiv Gandhi , Sonia Gandhi , Ravi Shankar , V.K. Narayana Menon and Zubin Mehta .
 In April 1982 Radha Viswanathan fell critically ill with tuberculosis meningitis and slipped into a coma for three months .
 Although Radha Viswanathan survived , Radha Viswanathan recovery was slow .
 All of her concerts scheduled for the next year were cancelled by Radha Viswanathan father and no new ones were accepted .
 Radha Viswanathan finally sang again on March 12 , 1983 at M.S.s benefit concert for the Houston Meenakshi Temple held at the Music Academy , Chennai .
 For the next 10 years Radha Viswanathan accompanied Radha Viswanathan mother for MS concerts , although the number was reduced , as age was catching up with M.S. Subbulakshmis and Thiagarajan Sadasivam .
 However , once again Radha Viswanathan health deteriorated in 1992 and Radha Viswanathan had to completely stop accompanying M.S. Subbulakshmis On September 16 , 2007 , Radha Viswanathan performed in concert for the first time in 15 years to celebrate M.S. Subbulakshmis 91st birthday .
 Using a wheelchair , Radha Viswanathan was accompanied by Radha Viswanathan granddaughter Aishwarya .
After this concert at Narada Gana Sabha , the pair sang together in more than 20 concerts , including some in the US .
Radha was honoured with the title Sangeetha Ratna by Lalithakala Academy in March 2008 .
 In April 2010 the title Sangeetha Ratna was awarded the citation Kala Chandrika by the Cleveland Aradhana Committee for the title Sangeetha Ratna outstanding services to the cause of Bharat Ratna Carnatic music .
 Radha Viswanathan is an excellent Guru who has won accolades from none other than the great Semmangudi the citation Kala Chandrika and Radha Viswanathan continues to teach music .
 Amongst Radha Viswanathan disciples are Anuradha , Sikkil Gurucharan , Mahesh Vinayakaram , Navaneet Krishnan , P.T Seshadri , Balaji Shankar and the playback singer Harini .
 Radha Viswanathan is the wife of Late Guruswamy Viswanathan and has two sons and one daughter , Vijaya Lakshmi Pandit , who is a special child.The eldest son Chandrasekhar is married to flautist Sikkil Mala , daughter of flautist Sikkil Neela .
 Their second son , Shrinivasan Viswanathan and Their second son wife Geetha are parents of Aishwarya and Saundarya .
Shrinivasan is the Managing Trustee of the Suswaralakshmi Foundation for Classical Music and Performing Arts
 Carnatic Shree ragam is an ancient ragam in the Carnatic tradition .
 Carnatic Shree is also written as Sri or Shri .
 This scale is a janya ragam , as Carnatic Shree does not have all the seven swaras in the ascending scale .
 Carnatic Shree is a janya ragam of Kharaharapriya , the 22nd Melakarta ragam .
 Carnatic Shree is the last of the 5 Ghana ragams of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic Shree is a pleasing and popular ragam .
It is considered to be highly auspicious .
 Carnatic Shree is not related to the Hindustani raga , Carnatic Shree .
 Notably , Carnatic Shree takes the lower madhyamam being a janya raga of Kharaharapriya .
 Carnatic Shree is an asymmetric ragam that does not contain gandharam or dhaivatam in the ascending scale .
It is a audava-vakra-sampurna ragam , where vakra indicates the zig-zag nature of jumping notes in descending scale .
Its arohana-avarohana structure is as follows : .
This scale uses the notes chatushruti rishabham , sadharana gandharam , shuddha madhyamam , panchamam , chatushruti dhaivatam and kaisiki nishadam .
 Carnatic Shree ragam has been decorated with compositions by many composers .
A few of the popular kritis are listed here .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam
R. Suryaprakash , is a Carnatic vocalist , composer , and lyricist .
A student of Sangeetha Kalanidhi T. V. Sankaranarayanan , he carries the tradition of Ganakaladara Madurai Mani Iyer .
He is an A Grade artist of All India Radio and has been conferred the title Gana Kala Vipanchee by Padma Vibhushan M. Balamuralikrishna .
 R. Suryaprakash was born in Chennai , Tamil Nadu to N. Ramachandran and Alamelu .
Being from a musical family , his knack for music was quickly observed and he began learning music at the age of seven from his uncle Tirukkodikaval Shri V. Rajamani , a disciple of Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer .
Later , he learned under Shri M. A. Venugopalan , another disciple of Semmangudi .
He was then chosen to learn under Sangeetha Kalanidhi T. V. Sankaranarayanan , from whom he imbibed the tradition of Ganakaladara Madurai Mani Iyer for ten years .
He further enriched his repertoire by working with Smt .
Sulochana Pattabiraman and Dr. V. V. Srivatsa , both eminent musicologists .
 R. Suryaprakash has a bachelors degree in chemistry from Madras Christian College , and a masters degree in Carnatic music from Madras University .
 R. Suryaprakash had R. Suryaprakash concert debut at the age of 12 .
 Over the next ten years , R. Suryaprakash focused on learning from R. Suryaprakash guru Padma Bhushan T. V. Sankaranarayanan .
 At the age of 22 R. Suryaprakash resumed R. Suryaprakash concert career and has been performing regularly since .
 R. Suryaprakash has been accompanied by leading stalwarts such as Umayalpuram K. Sivaraman , Mannargudi Easwaran , V. V. Ravi , Subhash Chandran .
 R. Suryaprakash has performed extensively both in India and abroad in many countries such as Australia , Singapore , U.S.A. , New Zealand , South Africa .
 R. Suryaprakash is also a sought-after performer at international Carnatic music festivals , some of which being the Cleveland Thyagaraja Aradhana and the Festival of Asia in Melbourne , Australia .
 In addition to performing , R. Suryaprakash passes down the tradition of Ganakaladara Madurai Mani Iyer by teaching and conducting workshops and lecture demonstrations .
 R. Suryaprakash has composed numerous thillanas and has composed lyrics and musical score for three Australian dance productions
Dhavalambari is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 49th Melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is called or in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 1st ragam in the 9th chakra Brahma .
The mnemonic name is Brahma-Pa .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ra gu mi pa dha na .
 The mnemonic phrase structure is as follows : .
 As Carnatic is a melakarta ragam , by definition Carnatic is a sampoorna ragam .
 Carnatic is the prati madhyamam equivalent of Gayakapriya , which is the 13th melakarta .
 Dhavalambari has a few minor janya ragams associated with Carnatic .
 See List of janya ragams for all janya ragams associated with Dhavalambari .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Dhavalambaris notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields no other melakarta ragam .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam
A shruti box is a small wooden instrument that traditionally works on a system of bellows .
It is similar to a harmonium and is used to provide a drone in a practice session or concert of Indian classical music .
It is used as an accompaniment to other instruments and notably the flute .
Use of the shruti box has widened with the cross-cultural influences of world music and new age music to provide a drone for many other instruments as well as vocalists .
Adjustable buttons allow tuning .
Nowadays , electronic shruti boxes are commonly used , which are called shruti petti in Tamil and Telugu and sur peti in Hindi .
Before the arrival of the harmonium in India , musicians used either a tambura or a specific pitch reference instrument , such as the nadaswaram , to produce the drone .
Some forms of music such as Yakshagana used the pungi reedpipe as drone .
 After the the West small pump harmonium became popular , musicians would modify the harmonium to automatically produce the reference pitch .
Typically , one would open up the cover and adjust the stop of the harmonium to produce a drone .
Later , a keyless version of the harmonium was invented for the specific purpose of producing the drone sound .
It was given the name shruti box or sruti box .
These instruments had controls on the top or on the side of the box for controlling the pitch .
The shruti box is enjoying a renaissance in the West amongst traditional and contemporary musicians who are using it for a range of different styles .
In the early nineties traditional Irish singer Noirin Ni Riain brought the shruti box to Ireland , giving it a minor place in traditional Irish music .
 More recently Scottish folk artist Karine Polwart has championed the instrument , using Scottish on some of Scottish folk artist Karine Polwart songs .
 Singers find Scottish very useful as an accompaniment and instrumentalists enjoy the drone reference it gives to play along with
The Bombay sisters , C. Saroja and C. Lalitha , are a Carnatic music singing duo .
 C. Saroja and C. Lalitha are C. Saroja , but of divine music imbibed in C. Saroja hearts , although C. Saroja have been Chennai for nearly 4 decades , residents call them Bombay C. Saroja `` Years ago , when both sang at navagraha puja , Mouna Swamigal of Ambattur gave that name as C. Saroja blessing for their future success , in the classical music career .
 Brought up in Bombay with seven siblings and tutored initially by vidwan H.A.S. Mani , the sisters shifted to Madras in 1958 when C. Saroja got a fellowship from the Central College of Music , Madras .
 C. Lalitha got this in due course of time .
 Awe-inspiring principal Musiri Subramanya Iyer gave C. Lalitha direct coaching in H.A.S. Mani home , with Lalitha was inspired to play the sruti box .
`` Even Gurujis simple sangatis , with bhava , the listeners enjoyed the divine music .
 Bombay Sisters were born in trichur and got settled in Bombay .
They have been trained by H. A. S. Mani , Musiri Subramania Iyer and T. K. Govinda Rao .
 Part of the trend of duo singing in Carnatic music , which started in the 1950s , with performers like Radha Jayalakshmi , and Soolamangalam Sisters , they have been singing since 1963 when they started with light classical music , subsequently progressing to Strong Carnatic and classical music ; they sing in multiple languages including Sanskrit , Kannada , Telugu , Tamil , Malayalam , Hindi and Marathi .
They are also known for promoting young musicians through endowments and scholarships
Rajkumar Bharathi is a noted classical singer and music composer from India .
 Rajkumar Bharathi is the great grandson of the renowned renaissance poet Subramanya Bharathi .
 Rajkumar Bharathi is an Electronics and telecommunications engineer graduated from the prestigious College of Engineering , Guindy , Chennai .
 Rajkumar Bharathi a native of Guindy , Chennai stands today as one of the most popular artists of Rajkumar Bharathi a native of Chennai generation .
 Rajkumar Bharathi a native of Chennai has also got a great following in the Indian state of Karnataka owing to Rajkumar Bharathi a native of Chennai pleasing style of rendering Dasara Padagalu .
 Rajkumar Bharathi was introduced to music by Rajkumar Bharathi mother Lalitha Bharathi at an young age of 5 .
 Rajkumar Bharathi was also trained later under the tutelage of some well known classical musicians like Valliyur Gurumurthi , Dr. M. Balamuralikrishna and T. V. Gopalakrishnan .
 For Rajkumar Bharathi it was but natural to be associated with Music owing to Rajkumar Bharathi families keen interest in art and literature .
 By the instructions of T. V. Gopalakrishnan master T. V. Gopalakrishna , Rajkumar Bharathi decided to quit T. V. Gopalakrishnan job in an R&D ; division and devote T. V. Gopalakrishnan time for classical music .
 Rajkumar Bharathi has given Classical Carnatic music concerts throughout India and abroad .
 Rajkumar Bharathi has traveled across USA , Canada , U.K. Gulf countries , Sri Lanka , Singapore , Malaysia , Australia and New Zealand .
 Rajkumar Bharathi has many audio cassettes and CDs to Rajkumar Bharathi credit .
 Rajkumar Bharathi has also rendered all the 18 chapters of Srimad Bhagavd Gita , in 4 volumes produced by Ramakrishna Math .
 Rajkumar Bharathi was also a member of the Madras Youth Choir , one of the oldest Indian choral groups formed under the aegis of the late music director M. B. Sreenivasan .
 Rajkumar Bharathi has sung in films - Tamil , Telugu , Kannada , Malayalam , Sanskrit and Tulu and was the leading Indian singer along with Sharon Rose the widely respected Black American singer in the adventurous venture , the Asian Mafia - a daring interplay between Indian and Pop style singers .
 Rajkumar Bharathi conducts workshops every summer for the London based Classical Carnatic music students and has performed Jugalbandi concerts with Ramesh Narayan , Parameshwar Hegde and Sanjeev Abyangar .
 Rajkumar Bharathi has given performance in the prestigious Canadian India Festival to celebrate the Golden Jubilee of Indian Independence , in 1997 .
 Music lovers have adored Rajkumar Bharathi for Rajkumar Bharathi strong attractive style of singing with clear diction and enunciation of lyrics .
Malathi Iyengar a renowned choreographer believes that Rajkumar Bharathi ` s sound knowledge , imagination , and aesthetic presentation are sought after by many composers .
 Malathi Iyengar a renowned choreographer is also appreciated for Malathi Iyengar a renowned choreographer skill in understanding phrasing , harmony , and variation while composing tunes for dance .
 Malathi Iyengar a renowned choreographer is also known for Malathi Iyengar a renowned choreographer creative explorations and improvisations as every composition of Malathi Iyengar a renowned choreographer is believed to be distinctive from the other .
Rajkumar Bharathi has been honored by several Awards .
A few of them are listed below .
 Rajkumar Bharathi has also sung in Tamil , Telugu , Kannada , Malayalam , Sanskrit and Tulu Films .
 Rajkumar Bharathi however later stopped signing for Tulu Films for Rajkumar Bharathi derived more joy in singing classical music .
 Rajkumar Bharathi is also a renowned composer and music director and is involved in composing music for Audio CDs , thematic presentations and also for fusion projects .
 Rajkumar Bharathi also has composed many Varnams , Thillanas and Padams especially for dance projects .
 As the great grandson of the poet Subramanya Bharathi , Rajkumar Bharathi has tuned many of Rajkumar Bharathi great grand fathers lesser known compositions and presented them in the Classical Carnatic forums .
 Rajkumar Bharathi has composed the title music and the background music for the tele-serial Ramana Oli depicting the life history of Bhagavan Ramana Maharishi .
This was telecast in the Indian TV Channel for about 14 weeks .
Rajkumar Bharathi has also composed songs for Bharata Natyam Margams .
 Rajkumar Bharathi has done many music compositions for Rangoli productions a foundation for Arts and Culture .
 Some of Rajkumar Bharathi compositions are listed below .
 Some of his compositions was nominated for the prestigious Lester Horton Dance Award for Outstanding Achievement in Composing Music for Creation Myth , a dance ballet for the UCLA Centre for Performing Arts in 1995
In Hindustani music , a pakad is a generally-accepted musical phrase thought to encapsulate the essence of a particular raga .
The pakad contains the melodic theme of the raga , on listening to the pakad a person who knows the raga is usually able to identify it .
In many cases , the ragas contain the same swaras , then the pakad also contains information about gayaki or chalan .
Usually , the pakad is formed from short convolutions of the arohana and avarohana , while in some cases it is quite different from them .
 The pakad for a particular raga need not be unique , The pakad for a particular raga sole purpose is to clarify what raga The pakad for a particular raga is .
For example , here is a pakad for raga Yaman , a prominent raga from Hindustani Music :
Palghat Parameswara Bhagavathar was a Carnatic music composer and musician born in Nurani , Kerala , India .
 Carnatic musical talents developed to such an extent that Swati Tirunal had great admiration and confidence in Carnatic .
Whenever the Maharaja composed songs , the Bhagavathar was made to copy them .
 Whenever the Maharaja used to practice veena and swarabat along with the Maharaja during Whenever the Maharaja leisure .
 Whenever the Maharaja also was trained in violin by Vadivelu in the royal court .
 Swati Tirunal made Whenever the Maharaja the Chief Palace Musician towards the end of Whenever the Maharaja regime after the death of Vadivelu in the royal court .
 Whenever the Maharaja compositions are in Sanskrit , resembling those of Swati Tirunal and Dikshitar .
 Whenever the Maharaja composed many Varnams and Keertanams out of which the Varnam beginning with Sarasijanabha is popular
Neralattu Rama Poduval or Njaralathu Rama Poduval was an exponent of the ashtapadi/sopanam music form practised in Kerala in southern India .
A recipient of the Kendra Sahitya Academy award , he hailed from a rugged village called Thiruvaazhaamkunnu , near Perinthalmanna in Malappuram district .
 Born into an Ambalavasi family on 16 February 1921 , Neralattu Rama Poduval had an Ambalavasi family on 16 schooling till the fifth standard and moved on to practice the idakka and the chenda .
 an Ambalavasi family on 16 inherited the art of playing the edakka from an Ambalavasi family on 16 uncle , Njeralathu Karunakara Pothuval , and went on to establish an indelible mark in this field .
 an Ambalavasi family on 16 also practiced instruments like the veena from Parappanaatu Rama Kuruppu .
 an Ambalavasi family on 16 practised Carnatic music from the Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar besides Kodikunnath Madhavan Nair .
 an Ambalavasi family on 16 experience in Kerala Kalamandalam helped an Ambalavasi family on 16 in gaining knowledge in Kathakali music as well .
 Neralattu Rama Poduval married Lakshmikutty Amma at the age of 36 .
 By the age of 56 Neralattu Rama Poduval became the father of seven children - Janakikutty , Krishna Vijayan , Gopalakrishnan , Anjaneyan , Gaayathri , Hari Govindan , and Aananda Sivaraman .
 After Neralattu Rama Poduval marriage , Neralattu Rama Poduval lived at Palakkode village near Angadipuram under the patronage of the chief priest of Thirumandhamkunnu temple at Angadipuram , Pandhalakkode Sankaran Namboodiri .
 Neralattu Rama Poduval died on August 13 , 1996 , aged 75 .
 Rama Poduval rejuvenated the Sopanam style of traditional Kerala temple music and enthralled the music lovers of Kerala for decades .
 Rama Poduval brought out this art from within the walls of the temple and made this art popular among the people .
 There are six different documentary films based on Rama Poduval life and music .
 Sopaanam , Sopaanam biography in Malayalam , is also implemented as study material for university students in Kerala .
 The awards Sopaanam received also include fellowships from both government and cultural organisations
Hemavati is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Hemavati is the 58th Melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Hemavati is called Simharavam or Deshi Simharavam in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
 It is said to be borrowed into Hindustani music from Carnatic music , especially with instrumentalists .
 Carnatic is the 4th ragam in the 10th chakra Disi .
The mnemonic name is Disi-Bhu .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ri gi mi pa dhi ni .
 The mnemonic phrase structure is as follows : .
 As Hemavati is a melakarta ragam , by definition Hemavati is a sampoorna ragam .
 Hemavati is the prati madhyamam equivalent of Kharaharapriya , which is the 22nd melakarta .
 Hemavati has a few minor janya ragams associated with Hemavati .
 See List of janya ragams to view all ragams associated with Hemavati .
 Here are a few common compositions sung in concerts , set to Hemavati .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Hemavatis notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 3 other major melakarta ragams , namely , Keeravani , Vakulabharanam and Kosalam .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Keeravani
Ragam Tanam Pallavi is a form of singing in Carnatic music which allows the musicians to improvise to a great extent .
It is one of the most complete aspects of Indian classical music , demonstrating the entire gamut of talents and the depth of knowledge of the musician .
It incorporates raga alapana , tanam , niraval , and kalpanaswara .
In more elaborate ragam tanam pallavis , a tani avartanam may follow .
Ragam in the context of Ragam Tanam Pallavi refers to ragam alapana - the first component .
In this form of pure melodic improvisation , the musician starts with a refrain to create the mood of raga and lays a foundation for composition to follow .
Each Ragam tanam pallavi has at least one raga associated with it .
Tanam is one of the most important forms of improvisation , and is integral to ragam , tanam and pallavi .
 Tanam is the second component of this composite form of improvisation .
 Originally developed for the veena , Tanam consists of expanding the raga with syllables like ta , nam , tom , aa , nom , na , etc. .
 Tanam is a rhythmic version of the raga alapana .
Although tanam is often rendered without percussion support , the element of rhythm is more obvious in this type of improvisation .
It is rendered in medium speed and just before commencing the third component of this composite form of improvisation ; the pallavi .
The word Pallavi is derived from the three syllables Pa - Pada , La - Laya and Vi - Vinyasam .
 The Pallavi is the equivalent of a refrain in Western music .
The Pallavi is usually a one-line composition set to a single cycle of tala .
The tala could range from the simple to the complex and there may also be different gatis being employed .
 The Pallavi has 2 portions to it .
 The first half of Pallavi is an ascending piece of notes and the first half of the Pallavi should always end at the strike of the beginning of the second half of the the Talam cycle , called the Ardhi .
Between the first half of the Pallavi and the second half of the Pallavi there will be a brief pause called as the Vishranthi and then the second portion of the Pallavi starts .
Executing niraval for a pallavi is unique , as , unlike in a kriti , the artist is not allowed to change the locations of each syllable in the sahityam , as this lessens the innate beauty of the pallavi .
 The basic style in Pallavi rendition is to sing the Pallavi in different speeds or Chatushtra Nadai .
In most cases the Pallavi is set to Chatushtra Nadai meaning each beat carries 4 units .
So the singer will then sing the Pallavi in 3 different speeds , once with each Beat carrying one unit , then 2 units and then 4 units per beat .
Once this is completed then they would sing the Pallavi in a different Nadai called Tisra Nadai meaning each beat now carries 3 units .
Once these aspects are covered , the singer explores in the Kalpanaswara phase and they would start exploring different Ragas during the Kalpanaswara .
 The Pallavi can be sung in 2 different aspects , one called as Pratiloma and then the Anulomam .
 In Carnatic music the Talam is always constant and only the Swaras or the Pallavi set for the Talam can undergo Nadai bhedam .
 In theory if you sing The Pallavi without changing any speed but increase the Talam cycle in a geometric progression , it would be the other kind .
The Pallavi challenges the musicians ability to improvise with complex and intricate patterns .
The whole exercise is very demanding , both technically and musically , since all the artistes musicianship is put to test
Madurai Ramaswamy Sundar is a noted Carnatic musician .
Madurai Ramaswamy Sundar was born in Pathamadai , Tamil Nadu , India .
 Madurai Ramaswamy Sundar learnt under Madurai Ramaswamy Sundar aunt Smt .
Ananthalakshmi Sadagopan a concert musician , and later under Sri .
T.N.Seshagopalan .
He was born into a family where Carnatic music was part of day-to-day life .
 While his grand parents and parents were knowledgeable listeners-connoisseurs of Carnatic music , he had in his aunt Smt .
 Ananthalakshmi Sadagopan a reputed concert musician , who had had his aunt Mrs. Ananthalakshmi Sadagopan training under stalwarts like Sathur A.G. Subramania Iyer and Semmangudi Sriinivasa Iyer .
He holds a bachelors degree in engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology and an MBA from the Indian Institute of Management .
After his MBA , he branched off into information technology as his mainstay .
He holds an MSA degree in Information Resources Management .
He was married to Padma in August 1985 .
They have been residents of the USA since 1989 and have a son Sai Karthik who is a student of the Mridangam Maestro Dr.Trichy Sankaran .
He pursues a dual career - as IT Manager and musician-come-teacher .
He and his wife run the Trinity Academy of Fine Arts and offer lessons in vocal music .
 Madurai R Sundar was initiated at a very early age into Carnatic music by Madurai Ramaswamy Sundar aunt Mrs. Ananthalakshmi Sadagopan , his aunt Mrs. Ananthalakshmi Sadagopan a musician of repute .
 Later Madurai Ramaswamy Sundar came under the tutelage of the musical legend Sangeetha Kalanidhi Madurai T.N.Seshagopalan in 1972 and made Madurai Ramaswamy Sundar debut in 1974 .
 Madurai Ramaswamy Sundar rendering is known for His rendering Akshara Suddha or perfection of syllables .
 Madurai Ramaswamy Sundar is an A Grade artiste in Prasar Bharathi
Pavani is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 41st melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is called Kumbhini in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 5th ragam in the 7th chakra Rishi .
The mnemonic name is Rishi-Ma .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ra ga mi pa dhi nu .
 The mnemonic phrase structure is as follows : .
The notes used in this scale are shuddha rishabham , shuddha gandharam , prati madhyamam , chathusruthi dhaivatham and kakali nishadham .
It is a sampurna ragam - a ragam that has all seven swaras .
It is the prati madhyamam equivalent of Manavati , which is the 5th melakarta scale .
 Chandrajyoti is a janya ragam that is associated with Chandrajyoti , in which Thyagaraja has composed couple of songs .
See List of janya ragams for a full list of Pavanis janyas .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Pavanis notes when shifted using Graha bhedam does not yield any other melakarta .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 This is obvious for the 6 the 7th chakra Rishi chakra ragams , as This have 3 missing notes between G1 and M2 .
Since no other swara pair in rules of melakarta ragams have a 3 note gap , Graha bhedam yields only invalid scales within those rules .
Ilayaraja has composed Partha Vizhi partha padi sung by K.J. Yesudas in the film Guna on this raga !
Rangapura Vihara is a famous Carnatic song composed by Muthuswami Dikshitar and dedicated to Sri Ranganathaswamy of Srirangam .
The title of the song means one who roams in the Srirangam , a temple town in Tamil Nadu , India .
 The title of the song details the exploits of the Lord Sri Rama , whose family deity is Ranganatha of Srirangam .
The most famous version of this song was rendered by M.S.Subbulakshmi , live at the United Nations .
raHNgapura vihAra jaya kOdaNDarAmAvatAra raghuvIra shrI .
aHNgaja janaka dEva bRndAvana sAraHNgEndra varada ramAntaraHNga shyAmalAHNga .
paHNkajAptakula jalanidhi sOma vara paHNkaja mukha paTTAbhirAma .
padapaHNkaja jitakAma raghurAma vAmAHNka gata sItAvara .
vESa shESAHNka shayana bhakta santOSa ENAHNkaravi nayana mRdutarabhASa .
haraNa gOvinda vENkaTa ramaNa mukunda saHNkarSaNa mUla kanda shaHNkara .
pallavi : O resident of the town called Ranga !
 Victory to you who incarnated as Sri Rama , the famed owner of the bow Kodanda !
 Brave scion of the Raghu Vamsha clan !

anupallavi : Father of Cupid !
One who is as swift as the King of Deers in running to the aid of the Gods to remove their sufferings !
Giver of boons !
Resident in the heart of Lakshmi !
Scarlet hued one !
 One with Garuda as Resident in the heart of Lakshmi ! mount !
Unsurpassed in compassion !
Ever present in good company !

caraNam : O Moon to the Ocean like Sun clan !
 Venerated lotus faced Sri Rama , who was crowned as the King !
One whose feet are like lotus !
 Vanquisher of Cupid in beauty !
 Sri Rama , of the clan of Raghu Vamsha !
Bridegroom of Sita who is on the left !
Recliner on Sesha the great serpent !
Delight of devotees !
 One with the Sun and O Moon to the Ocean like Sun clan as two eyes !
Soft spoken one !
One with a forehead akin to an unblemished mirror !
Destroyer of the sufferings of Sages !
Govinda !
Venkataramana !
Mukunda !
Sankarshana !
Primordial root !
Joy to Subrahmanya , the preceptor of Siva !

Angaja : Means Anga - ja : Born out of body.But it is commonly believed that the cupid is born out of Sri Vishnus Mind .
 Means Anga - ja also means Desire.So it can be taken that the phrase is referring to Manmata who is born of Desire , since mind is synonymous to desire .
Brundhavana Sarnaga : is a form of acrostic .
 The composer has cleverly inserted the rAga name in the sentence meaning - Brundha-avana-sAranga meaning one who is as fast as a Deer in curing the sufferings of janaka dEva .
 Pankaja Apta kula jala Nidhi Soma : O Moon to the Ocean like Sun clan is prominent in the sky .
 This line would mean that rAma is prominent in the dynasty of Sun .
 Precisely , as the Moon looks very prominent in the background of Jala nidhi Ocean , Sri Rama is the prominent figure in Raghu Vamsha .
 RangaPuraVihara : This song starts with praising RangaNatha , dweller of Srirangam , dweller of Srirangam , later the song moves on to praising Sri Rama .
 It is believed that Sri Rama , after completing Sri Rama incarnation , proceeded to SriRangam to relax Sri Rama in rest .
Hence the song seems to be appropriate .
This kriti is on the presiding deity at Sri Rangam and partly on the Rama shrine in the same temple .
The raga name is in the anupallavi .
From Compositions of Muddusvami Dikshitar by T. K. Govinda Rao
Vachaspati is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Vachaspati is the 64th melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Vachaspati is known as Bhushavati according to the Muthuswami Dikshitar school .
 Vachaspati was borrowed into Hindustani music , like many other Carnatic ragams .
 Vachaspati is the 4th ragam in the 11th chakra Rudra .
 The mnemonic name is the 11th chakra Rudra .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ri gu mi pa dhi ni .
 The mnemonic phrase structure is as follows : .
This scales uses the notes chathusruthi rishabham , antara gandharam , prati madhyamam , chathusruthi dhaivatham and kaisiki nishadham .
It is a sampoorna ragam - a ragam that has all seven swaras .
It is the prati madhyamam equivalent of Harikambhoji , which is the 28th melakarta scale .
It has many janya ragams associated with it , out of which Bhooshavali and Saraswathi are popular .
 See List of janya ragams for all scales associated with Vachaspati .
 Vachaspati is close to Kalyani and differs only in the nishadham .
Still , this ragam does not have many compositions .
At the same time many composers have used this ragam for composing 1 song each .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Vachaspatis notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 3 other major melakarta ragams , namely , Charukesi , Gourimanohari and Natakapriya .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the Shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam of Vachaspati
Tenkasi Vallinayagam Rathinam hails from Tenkasi , Madras Presidency , British India .
 a playback singer for Tamil films was a playback singer for Tamil films .
 Tenkasi Vallinayagam Rathinam had learned music from the age of seven under a guru called Ramalinga Aachari , and gave Ramalinga Aachari first full-fledged concert in Sri Lanka .
 Ramalinga Aachari became a drama artiste and film artist as a child .
 Then Ramalinga Aachari moved on to playback singing in the Tamil film industry .
 Ramalinga Aachari was 10 years old when Ramalinga Aachari acted in Bhaktha Chetha in 1940 for the Madras United Artitstes .
 Ramalinga Aachari then acted as the child Kannagi in Kannagi in 1942 for the Jupiter Pictures and also sang Ramalinga Aachari own song .
 In the meantime , Ramalinga Aachari had continued Ramalinga Aachari training under Ramnad Krishnan , and later trained under Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar .
Rathinam was a much sought after singer in the late 1940s and 1950s .
 Ramalinga Aachari became popular with the film music directors of that era who had worked with Ramalinga Aachari repeatedly and in that glorious period Tenkasi Vallinayagam Rathinam rendered a staggering variety of challenging songs .
 Rathinam became famous by Ramalinga Aachari songs in Miss Malini by the Gemini Studios .
 Ramalinga Aachari also had a rare chance in Ponmudi by Modern Theatres when the music director the great G. Ramanathan had sung the songs by his composition , himself .
 He had chosen Tenkasi Vallinayagam Rathinam to pair him as the female singer for him
 Thamil Isai Kalaamanram is a non-profit organization dedicated to promoting carnatic music and bharathanatyam dance in Ontario , Canada , headquartered in this Toronto .
 Founded in 1992 , this Toronto - based organization has grown to become the widely accepted conservatory of South Indian music and dance , servicing over 160 classical music teachers in Canada .
The 3 main goals of TIKM are : to provide opportunities for young singers , musicians , and dancers to stage their performances ; to provide opportunities for Canadians to listen to professional artists from India and Tamil Eelam ; and to conduct standardized carnatic music and bharatanatyam dance examinations for students from grades one to seven .
Since its conception , TIKM is a volunteer-run organization .
Its current administrative organization consists of four levels : members , assistant directors , executive directors , and advisory directors .
Membership is open to all , and official members can present new motions and make suggestions at the Annual General Meeting held in January .
At this meeting , the organization elects members to positions in either the Executive Committee or in the Subcommittee .
Within the Executive Committee , several management positions are also chosen , including the President , Vice-President , Secretary , Vice-Secretary , and Treasurer .
As of 2004 , these annual elections are held once every three years to facilitate completion of larger projects .
Besides organizing all events and exams , the Executive Committee is responsible for any fundamental changes to the constitution .
If necessary , Subcommittee members aid in event organization and execution .
In 2005 , the Executive Committee passed a motion that created an Advisory Committee of five internally chosen Carnatic professionals .
This committee helps with changes to the music syllabus and other issues .
The Executive Committee must approve Advisory Committee changes before they are introduced to the organization .
 Since 1992 , the principal activity of TIKM is to organize standardized Carnatic music and Bharatanatyam dance examinations for Canadian students , which Canadian students hold in this Toronto in the fall .
The last examination cycle , in 2005 , had over 2000 applicants from more than 100 teachers .
Originally , the tests were administered in the following subjects : vocal , violin , veena , flute , and Mridangam .
In 2002 , Bharatanatyam dance was introduced .
These exams consist of seven grades , and have been modeled after similar testing centres in South India and Sri Lanka .
Other than the introductory Grade 1 , which contains only of a practical component , all subsequent grades require successful completion of both the practical and the theoretical elements .
From Grade 4 onwards , an oral component is also introduced , and this level represents the informal watershed between junior and senior students .
The final Grade 7 exams have a significant teaching component to prepare graduates for music education .
In these tests , a panel of judges grade students into four categories : distinction , first division , second division , and ordinary pass .
These candidates receive certificates and plaques during the Isai Vizha celebrations held during in late winter .
Besides these four categories , two other divisions apply to unsuccessful candidates : `` referred '' , and `` unsuccessful '' .
These candidates must retake tests in the next examination cycle to apply for subsequent grades .
 In the last 13 years , TIKM has witnessed rapid growth , and is currently a well-recognized organization in the South Indian community of Ontario .
However , awareness of TIKM and even Carnatic music in general has been lacking in the broader community .
 One of the main mandates of TIKM is to increase awareness of Carnatic music in Canada
Priya R. Pai is a popular Carnatic vocalist and composer .
 On the album Harshamo Dukhamo the album Harshamo Dukhamo sang poems by former minister Binoy Viswam
Amala Akkineni is an Indian film actress and Animal welfare activist .
 Amala Akkineni has acted in Tamil , Telugu , Malayalam , Kannada and Hindi films .
 Amala Akkineni got the south filmfare award for best actress for the Malayalam movie Ulladakkam .
Amala was born on September 12th , in West Bengal to an Irish mother and Bengali father .
 an Irish mother has an elder brother and sister .
 The family moved around a lot due to The family father being a Naval officer : Mumbai , Delhi , IIT Kharagpur , Vizag .
 Amala went to boarding school at Kalakshetra , Chennai , Tamil Nadu , where The family completed The family education and trained in Bharatnatyam under the guidance of Sharada Hoffman and Rukmini Devi Arundale .
 The family was member of the Kalakshetra troupe from an early age and gained valuable experience as a performer .
 Spotted in one such performance The family was offered a role in films by T. Rajender who was casting for member of the Kalakshetra troupe Tamil film Mythili Yennai Kadali featuring Tamil as a Bharat Natyam dancer .
 In 1992 , The family married Nagarjuna Akkineni and became a part of the Akkineni Family .
 Amala made The family debut in a Tamil film titled Mythili Ennai Kaathali directed by T. Rajendar , which was a big box office hit .
 Winning overnight fame , The family charmed cinegoers in a flurry of fifty films .
 The family acted in a number of Tamil movies .
 The family performance in Pushpak and Agni Natchathiram are unforgettable .
 The family acted with The family future husband Akkineni Nagarjuna in hits like Nirnayam and Siva .
 The latter was a mega blockbuster and brought The family wider fame and recognition .
 The family has acted with iconic actors like Rajinikanth , Kamal Haasan , Chiranjeevi , Mammootty and Mohan Lal , Prabhu .
 The family has also acted with Prabhu , Mohan Lal , Sathyaraj in Tamil , Kumar Bangarappa and V. Ravichandran in Kannada , Suresh Gopi in Malayalam and her future husband Akkineni Nagarjuna , Venkatesh and Rajashekar in Telugu among several others .
 The family Hindi co-stars were Mithun Chakraborty , Vinod Khanna and Aditya Pancholi .
 The family has worked with acclaimed directors like Mani Ratnam and Ram Gopal Varma .
 The family quit acting in 1992 following The family marriage to her future husband Akkineni Nagarjuna , but made a comeback in 2012 with the Telugu film Life is Beautiful .
 The family received a CineMAA Award for Best Outstanding Actress and Telugu category Film Fare Award for best supporting actress in 2013 for Life is Beautiful .
 Amala is married to Telugu Film actor Akkineni Nagarjuna since 1992 and the couple live in Hyderabad , India with their son , Akhil .
 her future husband Akkineni Nagarjuna is the step-mother of actor Naga Chaitanya Akkineni .
 Amala is Co-founder of Blue Cross of Hyderabad , a non-government organization in Hyderabad , India , India , which works towards the welfare of animals and preservation of animal rights .
 her future husband Akkineni Nagarjuna is a vegan and an environmentalist .
 her future husband Akkineni Nagarjuna works with 16 Non Governmental and Governmental organizations to promote social issues and animal welfare .
 Amala practices Vipassana meditation , the teaching of the Buddha , as taught by S.N.Goenka .
 S.N.Goenka studied Yoga in the Krishnamacharya Yoga tradition at Chennai
Varunapriya is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 24th melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is called Viravasantam ; in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 6th ragam in the 4th chakra Veda .
The mnemonic name is Veda-Sha .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ri gi ma pa dhu nu .
Its structure is as follows : .
The notes chathusruthi rishabham , sadharana gandharam , shuddha madhyamam , shatsruthi dhaivatham and kakali nishadham are used in this scale .
As it is a melakarta , by definition it is a sampoorna ragam .
It is the shuddha madhyamam equivalent of Neetimati , which is the 60th melakarta scale .
 Varunapriya does not have janya ragams associated with it .
See List of janya ragams for a full list of janya scales .
Veeravasanta Thyagaraja by Muthuswami Dikshitar is set to Viravasantam .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Varunapriyas notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields a minor melakarta ragam , namely , Ragavardhini .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Ragavardhini
Palani Subramaniam Pillai was a well known Carnatic music percussionist .
 Palani Subramaniam Pillai was adept in playing the mridangam and kanjira .
 Palani Subramaniam Pillai was the sishya of the celebrated Palani Muthaiah Pillai .
Subramaniam Pillai was born on April 20 , 1908 .
 Palani Subramaniam Pillai was born to Palani Subramaniam Pillai mother , Unnamulai Ammal , and Palani Subramaniam Pillai father , Muthaiah Pillai who was also a mridangist .
 Palani Subramaniam Pillai learned mridangam under the tutelage of Palani Subramaniam Pillai father and also had the friendship of ` Thavil Panchami ' Malikkottai Panchapakesa Pillai .
 Palani Subramaniam Pillai was also influenced by a renowned mridangist at the time , Dakshinamurthy Pillai .
 Pillai in return showered great love and affection on young Palani , whom Pillai in return looked upon as Pillai in return own son .
 Before Pillai in return turned twenty , Palani had the good fortune to accompany stalwarts like Kanchipuram Nayana Pillai , Mazhavarayanendal Subbarama Bhavathar and Mudicondon Venkatarama Iyer .
 In the next decade others who preferred Pillai in return accompaniment were Chittoor Subramanya Pillai and importantly Alathur Brothers whose Guru , Alathur Venkatesa Iyer was a great admirer of Palani .
 It was because of Palani that the brothers shifted base from Trichy to Madras and Alathur Brothers whose Guru made a great team .
 Palani is credited with composing a larger number of major pallavis for the brothers including Alathur Brothers whose Guru tempo and nadai variations .
Later the team broke up much to the grief of a large number of listeners and especially Venkatesa Iyer .
 Mudicondon Venkatarama Iyer managed to effect a reconciliation after a decade of extensive effort and Palani did team up with the brothers but the old camaraderie was gone .
 As Palanis playing in the early part of Mudicondon Venkatarama Iyer career was robust and laya-oriented with extensive calculations , many vocalists of the time did not feel comfortable with Mudicondon Venkatarama Iyer except for the few mentioned earlier .
 It was one of the most popular among the doyens of yesteryears , Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavathar who took to promoting Palani .
 There were numerous concerts in which he gave Palani opportunities to play three of four Thanis or solos in a concert .
 three of four Thanis or solos is said that in a concert in Shanmukhananda Sabha in Bombay he asked Palani to play in each of the five nadais , Chatusram , Tisram , Misram , Kandam and Sankeernam .
 It was he who also persuaded Palani to tone down on the laya intricacies and increased the sowkya or aesthetic content in Palani playing .
 Palani , probably with considerable regret in having to shed Palani specialization and scholarship abided by Palani mentors suggestion , not only because of the practicality but also because of Palani great respect for Chembai who was Palani elder by several years .
Bhavagathars advice stood Palani in good stead .
 Eminently popular vidwans G. N. Balasubramaniam , Madurai Mani Iyer , and Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer clamored to have G. N. Balasubramaniam accompany G. N. Balasubramaniam in their concerts .
 Of course senior vidwans of that era like Ariyakudi Ramanuja Iyengar , Maharajapuram Viswanatha Iyer , Chembai and Dwaram Venkataswamy Naidu had Ariyakudi Ramanuja Iyengar as accompanist in many concerts .
 In turn Palani encouraged a number of younger vocal and instrumental artists including Dr. M. Balamuralikrishna , Ramnad Krishnan , M. D. Ramanathan , K. V. Narayanaswamy , Tiruvarur Namasivayam , Thanjavur Thyagarajan , Lalgudi Jayaraman and Palghat R. Raghu .
 While playing for younger artists Palani was never condescending but was always supportive and never tried to show off or intimidate .
 In fact although Palani possessed talents of gigantic proportions , Palani never indulged in exhibitionism and Palani only aim was to enhance the total appeal of the concert .
 Madurai Mani Iyer used to call Mudicondon Venkatarama Iyer THYAGI - one who would efface Mudicondon Venkatarama Iyer so that the overall effect was sparkling rather focus on Mudicondon Venkatarama Iyer .
 While Palani would highlight the different parts of the song such as Eduppus of Pallavi , Anupallavi , and Charanam with sufficient emphasis , Palani would rather follow the mood and trend of the song rather play the Prayogas of the songs themselves .
 This mode of playing gave a wholesomeness to the song renderings rather than the Starts and stops the Starts would otherwise have arisen .
 Palani Sarvalaghu was the spontaneous flow of Nadais , Sollus , and Sollukkatus rather than any patternised formats .
The Sarvalaghu used to be Amorphous rather than Crystalline .
 Occasionally when certain arithmetic combinations arose , Nadais too were spontaneous and blended seamlessly into the scheme of things .
 The Sarvalaghu specialized in Vallinam and Mellinam strokes in even the smallest passages .
In laymans language these are Hard and Soft Strokes .
 The Sarvalaghu playing gave the effect of The Sarvalaghu indulging in a musical conversation with the main artist throughout the tenure of the concert .
 In The Sarvalaghu Solo interludes-Thani Avarthanams - his Solo interludes-Thani Avarthanams displayed both intellectual and aesthetic aspects in equal measure which pleased all sections of the audience but his Solo interludes-Thani Avarthanams never played to the gallery .
 The vocalist had to remain very alert during the Thanis to ensure that The vocalist did not miss out on the Thala ; such were the complex patterns The vocalist played !
 When Palani was present in a gathering there was no levity or frivolousness exhibited .
 According to Vidwans who shared the platform with Palani in concerts both his demeanor and playing was the epitome of Gauravam .
His lifestyle in the 40s and 50s was the envy of other musicians .
Always dressed in white muslin shirts and snow white Khadi Dhoti - carefully and painstakingly groomed - he was among the handsomest among musicians .
Unlike many other musicians , he lived in a spacious Bungalow and owned the latest model in cars .
He himself drove the car and did not allow anyone else to drive his car .
 Palanis partner in life was Palanis .
The pair had a daughter named Vimala .
 a daughter named Vimala married Srinivasan and they had five daughters named Banu , Malathi , Meera , Geetha and Vasanthi .
 Srinivasan and they were brought up by Rajammal after the death of Srinivasan .
 At any given time at least three to four students resided in Palanis house undergoing Gurukula system ; with passage of the time , Dakshinamurthy Pillai there were day-scholars also .
 Among the earliest disciple of Palani were T.Ranganathan along with Ramanathapuram M.N.Kandaswami , Poovalur Venkataraman , Dandamudi Rammohan Rao , Pallathur C.T.Lakshmanan , Udumalai T.Mayilswamy among others .
 Perhaps the most famous of the earliest disciple of Palani disciples is Trichy Sankaran who lives in Toronto , Canada and teaches in York University as a Professor in the Music Department .
 Palani took Palani under Palani wings when Palani was a child ; Even at the tender of twelve Palani enabled Palani to play with Palani in concerts of Ariyakudi , G. N. Balasubramaniam , Madurai Mani Iyer and others .
 Among Palani later disciples were Erode Gururajan , Madirimangalam Swaminathan , K.S.Kalidas , Cuddapah Krishnamoorthy , A.V.Ragguprasad , T.V.Gurumoorthy and many others .
 In turn , Palani disciples have trained many others and the Palani School is now well represented in India and abroad .
 The founder of the Pudukkottai School of Percussion , Mamundia Pillai introduced Kanjira as an instrument in concerts ; His disciples Dakshinamoorthy Pillai and Muthiah Pillai could play a large number of instruments like Mridangam , Kanjira , Thavil , Kanjira , Thavil , and Ghatam .
 In their steps , Palani was also a GREAT Kanjira vidwan besides being a master of Mridangam , Kanjira , Thavil .
 Palani has played with vidwans like Palghat Mani Iyer and Ramanathapuram C.S.Murugabhoopathy .
 Palani Khanjira performances were fewer and listeners thronged to these concerts whenever they occurred .
 Compared to the double headed Mridangam with Ramanathapuram C.S.Murugabhoopathy rich tonal quality , the single headed Kanjira with its limited tonal quality is more difficult to handle but Palani equaled or even excelled in duets with the best mridangists .
 Some of Palanis disciples have emerged as vidwans proficient with both instruments .
 At the behest of Some of Palanis disciples father Palani erected a shrine on the Samathi of Mamundia Pillai at Pudukkottai in 1945 .
 Till he died in 1962 , Palani performed Gurupooja each year at this Samadhi on Mamundia Pillais death anniversary .
This is the day preceding the Aradhana of Saint Thyagaraja .
 After Palanis death Palanis disciples took this over and also initiated the Gurupooja for Palani across different places in Tamil Nadu .
In Kerala Palani 's disciples are Mavelikara Krishnan Kutty Nair and Mavelikara S. R. Raju .
 Palani always cared Palani deciples like Palani own children and had a special care for Krishnankutty Nair .
Mavelikara Raju after retirement from All India Radio lives in Trivandrum and teaches many students
Shree ranjani is a ragam in Carnatic music .
It is a hexatonic scale .
It is a derived scale , as it does not have all the seven swaras .
It is also written as Shri ranjani or Sriranjani .
 Shree ranjani is a symmetric scale that does not contain panchamam .
 It is called a shadava-shadava ragam , in Carnatic music classification .
Its structure is as follows : .
This scale uses the notes shadjam , chathusruti rishabham , sadharana gandharam , shuddha madhyamam , chathusruthi dhaivatham and kaisiki nishadam .
 Shree ranjani is a janya ragam of Kharaharapriya , the 22nd Melakarta ragam .
 It has only the invariant panchamam missing from its parent scale , Kharaharapriya .
 Shree ranjani is a pleasing and popular ragam .
This scale has been used by many composers and there are lots of compositions in classical music .
It has been used to score film music too .
Here are some popular compositions in Sriranjani .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam
 Chakra Tanam or Taanam is one of the methods of raga improvisation in Carnatic Classical Music tradition , suited mainly for vocal music , Violin and Veena .
 Chakra Tanam consists of improvising a particular raga with repetition of syllables like aa , nam , tham , taa , na , thom , tha , nom etc. .
Use of rhythmic pulse has an important place in taanam exposition , and the singer is sometimes joined by the mridangam artist , since this is said to enhance the effect of the performance .
The tradition of mridangam artist accompanying during tanam is usually credited to the custom of Kerala based carnatic musicians .
There are various tanams like Chakra Tanam , Vakra Tanam , Aja Tanam , Gaja Tanam , Markata Tanam , Vadhya Tanam etc. .
 Chakra Tanam is the second part of a Raagam Taanam Pallavi , and comes immediately after the raga is sung but before the pallavi is about to begin .
Among these three modes , tanam is rarely sung very elaborately when compared to raga and pallavi , the reason usually cited for this being that tanam singing requires a lot of physical stamina , sound knowledge of the fundamentals of classical music , good practice and experience .
 In Violin and Veena solo concerts , however , tanam is almost always performed as part of the main piece .
Tanam singing is regarded as a dying art today with musicians not having the patience or the aptitude to take up such scholarly rigorous pursuits
Jhankaradhvani or Jhankaradhwani is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 19th Melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is called Jhankarabhramari in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 1st ragam in the 4th chakra Veda .
The mnemonic name is Veda-Pa .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ri gi ma pa dha na .
Its structure is as follows : .
 As Carnatic is a melakarta ragam , by definition Carnatic is a sampoorna ragam .
 Carnatic is the shuddha madhyamam equivalent of Shamalangi , which is the 55th melakarta .
 Muthuswami Dikshitar is the 19th Melakarta in the original list compiled by Venkatamakhin .
The notes used in the scale are the same , but the zig-zag usage of notes in both ascending and descending scle is the difference .
 Jhankaradhvani has a few minor janya ragams associated with it .
 See List of janya ragams for full list of ragams associated with Jhankaradhvani .
A couple of compositions set to this musical scale are : .
Himachala kumarim bhaja by Muthuswami Dikshitar is set to Jhankarabhramari ragam .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
 Jhankaradhvani notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 2 other minor melakarta ragams , namely , Ratnangi and Gamanashrama .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Ratnangi
Dharmapuri Subbarayar was a composer of Carnatic music who lived during the nineteenth century .
 Dharmapuri Subbarayar composed mainly in the Telugu language and used Dharmapuri Subbarayar , the name of Dharmapuri Subbarayar birthplace and a city in Tamil Nadu , as Dharmapuri Subbarayar mudra .
 Dharmapuri Subbarayar was famous for composing Jaavali , a song-type used for romantic subjects
, is a South Indian poet and composer and is one of the Musical Trinity of Carnatic music .
 a South Indian poet compositions , of which around 500 are commonly known , are noted for a South Indian poet and composer contemplative nature and for capturing the essence of the raga forms through the vainika style that emphasises gamakas .
 a South Indian poet and composer are typically in a slower speed .
 a South Indian poet is also known by a South Indian poet signature name of Guruguha .
 a South Indian poet compositions are widely sung and played in classical concerts of Carnatic music .
 The musical trinity consists of Dikshitar , Tyagaraja , and Syama Sastri although , unlike the Telugu compositions of the others , Tyagaraja compositions are predominantly in Sanskrit .
 Tyagaraja also had composed some of Tyagaraja Kritis in Manipravalam .
In keeping with the Brahminic educational tradition , Muthuswami learnt the Sanskrit language , Vedas , and other important religious texts .
 Brahminic obtained Brahminic preliminary musical education from Brahminic father .
 While Brahminic was still in Brahminic teens , Brahminic father sent Brahminic on a pilgrimage with a wandering monk named Chidambaranatha Yogi to gain musical and philosophical knowledge .
 Over the course of this pilgrimage , Brahminic visited many places in North India and acquired a broad outlook that is reflected in many of Brahminic compositions .
 During their stay in Kashi , Brahminic guru Chidambaranatha Yogi , presented Dikshitar with a unique the Veena and died shortly thereafter .
The samadhi of Chidambaranatha Yogi can still be seen in Sri Chakra Lingeshwar temple at the Hanuman Ghat area in Varanasi .
 According to legend , Chidambaranatha Yogi guru asked Muthuswami to visit Tiruttani .
There , while he was immersed deep in meditation , an old man appeared and asked him to open his mouth .
He dropped sugar candy into his mouth and disappeared .
 As he opened his mouth , he had a vision of the deity Lord Muruga and Dikshitar burst forth into his first composition Shri Nathadi Guruguho in the raga Mayamalavagowla .
 This song addressed the Lord in the first declension in Sanskrit .
Dikshitar later composed kritis in all the eight declensions on the Lord .
These are mostly with epithets glorifying the guru and have very few references to Lord Muruga or specifically to the deity in the saguna form , as at Thiruthani .
He then went on a pilgrimage visiting and composing at the temples at Kanchi , Tiruvannamalai , Chidambaram , Tirupathi and Kalahasthi , before returning to Tiruvarur .
 Muthuswami Dikshitar attained mastery over the the Veena , and the influence of the Veena playing is evident in his compositions , particularly the gamakas .
 In his kriti Balagopal , his kriti Balagopal introduces his kriti Balagopal as a vaiNika gAyaka , a player of the veeNA .
 his kriti Balagopal experimented with the violin , and among his kriti Balagopal disciples , Vadivelu of the Thanjavur Quartet , and his kriti Balagopal brother Baluswami Dikshitar pioneered the use of violin in Carnatic music , now an integral part of most Carnatic ensembles .
 On his kriti Balagopal return to Tiruvarur , his kriti Balagopal composed on every deity in the Tiruvarur temple complex including Tyagaraja , the presiding deity , Nilotpalambal , his kriti Balagopal consort , and the Goddess Kamalambal an independent deity of high tantric significance in the same temple complex .
 This is when his kriti Balagopal composed the famous Kamalamba Navavarna cycle , filled with exemplary sahityas which proved to be the showcase of his kriti Balagopal compositions .
These navavaranams were in all the eight declensions of the Sanskrit language and are sung as a highlight of Guruguha Jayanti celebrated every year .
 Guruguha Jayanti continued to display Guruguha Jayanti prowess by composing the Navagraha Kritis in praise of the nine planets .
The sahitya of the songs reflect a profound knowledge of the Mantra and Jyotisha sastras .
The Nilotpalamba Kritis is another classic set of compositions which revived dying ragas like Narayanagaula , Purvagaula , and Chayagaula .
 Muttuswami Dikshitar was approached by four dance masters from Tanjavur : Sivanandam , Sri Ponnayya , Chinnayya and Vadivelu of the Thanjavur Quartet .
 They expressed their desire to learn music from him and entreated him to accompany them to Tanjavur .
There , Dikshitar imparted to them the 72 mela tradition handed down by Venkata Vaidyanatha Dikshita .
 The students showed The students gratitude by composing a set of nine songs called Navaratna Mala glorifying The students guru .
These four disciples became what is known as the Tanjore Quartette and are revered as the prime composers of music for Bharatanatyam .
 Among the Tanjore Quartette students , Sri Ponnayya and Chinnayya also serverd as court artists of Sri Swati Tirunal of Tiruvananthapuram .
Sri Ponnayya served as the principal of Annamalai University as well and trained many students in music there .
At a young age , Dikshitar was also exposed to the music of the Western bands at Fort St. George .
At a later stage , Dikshitar composed some forty songs to several tunes loosely adopted to ragas such as sankarabharaNa .
This corpus is now known as nottusvara sAhitya .
The influence of Celtic and Baroque styles in these compositions is quite evident .
 There is an erroneous belief that These were composed at the behest of CP Brown , the Collector of Cuddappah .
This is not possible as the two could have never met .
Muttuswami Diskhitar had left Madras by 1799 .
 Brown came to Madras only in 1817 , learnt Telugu in 1820 and moved over to Cuddappah the same year .
 On Deepavali day , in October 1835 , Dikshithar performed puja as usual and asked Deepavali students to sing the song Meenakshi Me Mudam in the raga purvikalyani raga .
 As Deepavali students sang the lines the song Meenakshi Me Mudam lochani pasa mochani Deepavali raised Deepavali hands and saying Sive Pahi and left Deepavali mortal coil .
 Deepavali Samadhi is at Ettayapuram , between Koilpatti and Tuticorin .
Muthuswami Dikshitar died on 21 October 1835 .
 Dikshitar had a daughter but October 1835 was the descendants of his brother Baluswami who have preserved his musical legacy , and his compositions have been popularized due to the efforts of people like Subbarama Dikshitar and Ambi Dikshitar .
Baluswami Dikshitar , the sixth descendant in the line , a well-known vainika by his own rights , resided in Trichy and then moved to Chennai in 1957 .
He died in November 1985 .
He has two sons and two daughters .
The eldest son , Muthuswamy , the seventh descendent in the line , retired as a top executive in the State Bank of India group of banks and then was the managing director and CEO of a private sector bank .
 The younger son runs The younger son own small-scale industry near Madurai .
 Both daughters are married and well settled in Chennai .
 The Raja Rajeswari , Vallabha Ganapathi , Sree Chakra , Banalingam , Saligramam and other idols , given to Shri Muthuswamy Dikshithar by Raja Rajeswari guru Chidambaranatha Yogi is in the family with the eldest son Shri Muthuswamy Dikshithar by his guru along with the veena with the Sanskrit inscription Sri Ram said to have been given to Dikshithar by Goddess Sarasvati , when Dikshithar bathed in the river Ganges , as indication of Dikshithar having attained Mantra Siddhi .
 Raja Rajeswari total compositions are about 450 to 500 , most of which are very widely sung by musicians today in Carnatic music concerts .
 Most of Raja Rajeswari compositions are in Sanskrit and in the Krithi form , i.e. , poetry set to music .
Muthuswami Dikshitar traveled to many holy shrines throughout his life , and composed krithis on the deities and temples he visited .
Dikshitar is considered to have composed on the widest range of deities for any composer .
Each of his compositions is unique and brilliantly crafted .
 The compositions are known for the depth and soulfulness of the melody -- Each of his compositions visions of some of the ragas are still the final word on their structure .
 Each of his compositions Sanskrit lyrics are in praise of the temple deity , but Muthuswami introduces the Advaita thought seamlessly into the Advaita songs , resolving the inherent relationship between Advaita philosophy and polytheistic worship .
 Each of his compositions songs also contain much information about the history of the temple , and Sri Chakra Lingeshwar temple background , thus preserving many customs followed in these old shrines .
 Muttuswami Diskhitar also undertook the project of composing in all the 72 Melakartha ragas , thereby providing a musical example for many rare and lost the 72 Melakartha ragas .
 Also , Muttuswami Diskhitar was the pioneer in composing samashti charanam krithis .
 Dikshitar was a master of tala and is the only composer to have kritis in all the seven basic talas of the Carnatic scheme .
 Dikshitar shows his skill in Sanskrit by composing in all the eight declensions .
For richness of raga bhava , sublimity of their philosophic contents and for the grandeur of the sahitya , the songs of Dikshitar stand unsurpassed .
Muthuswami Dikshitar composed many kritis in groups .
The List of compositions by Muthuswami Dikshitar describes those groups and compositions that belong to each group
 Ashtapadis or Ashtapadis are Indian hymns where the music has eight lines within each composition .
Each ashtapadi song is set in a special raga and tala .
 Each ashtapadi song is a rhyme of eternal love and supreme devotion .
The literal meaning of ashtapadi is eight steps .
This word is also the source for the word ashtapada , an Indian board game , the forerunner of chess .
Gita Govinda was composed in the 12th century by Indian poet Jayadeva from Kenduli Sasan , a village near the famous temple city of Puri in Sanskrit language .
Gita Govindam is a lyrical poetry in twelve chapters , sub-divided into twenty four divisions called Prabandha .
The Prabandhas contain couplets grouped into eights , called ashtapadis .
 The songs in Gita Govinda symbolize the eternal love of Lord Krishna and Krishna beloved Radha
Chakravarti Rajagopalachari , informally called Rajaji or C.R. , was an Indian lawyer , independence activist , politician , writer and statesman .
 Rajagopalachari was the last Governor-General of British India .
 He also served as leader of the Indian National Congress , Premier of the the Madras Presidency , Governor of West Bengal , Minister for Home Affairs of the Indian Union and Chief Minister of the Madras state .
Rajagopalachari founded the Swatantra Party and was one of the first recipients of Indias highest civilian award , the Bharat Ratna .
He vehemently opposed the use of nuclear weapons and was a proponent of world peace and disarmament .
During his lifetime , he also acquired the nickname Mango of Salem .
 Rajagopalachari was born in the village of Thorapalli in the Salem district of the the Madras Presidency and educated at Central College , Bangalore , and Presidency College , the Madras .
In 1900 he started a legal practice that in time became prosperous .
 On entering politics , he became a member and later President of the Salem municipality .
He joined the Indian National Congress and participated in the agitations against the Rowlatt Act , joining the Non-Cooperation movement , the Vaikom Satyagraha , and the Civil Disobedience movement .
In 1930 , Rajagopalachari risked imprisonment when he led the Vedaranyam Salt Satyagraha in response to the Dandi March .
 In 1937 , Rajagopalachari was elected Premier of the the Madras Presidency and served until 1940 , when he resigned due to Britains declaration of war on Germany .
He later advocated co-operation over Britains war effort and opposed the Quit India Movement .
He favoured talks with both Muhammad Ali Jinnah and the Muslim League and proposed what later came to be known as the C. R. Formula .
 In 1946 , Rajagopalachari was appointed Minister of Industry , Supply , Education and Finance in the Interim Government of British India , and then as the Governor of West Bengal from 1947 to 1948 , Governor-General of India from 1948 to 1950 , Union Home Minister from 1951 to 1952 and as Chief Minister of the Madras state from 1952 to 1954 .
In 1959 , he resigned from the Indian National Congress and founded the Swatantra Party , which stood against the Congress in the 1962 , 1967 and 1972 elections .
 Rajagopalachari was instrumental in setting up a united Anti-Congress front in the Madras state under C. N. Annadurai , which swept the 1967 elections .
Rajagopalachari was an accomplished writer who made lasting contributions to Indian English literature and is also credited with composition of the song Kurai Onrum Illai set to Carnatic music .
 He pioneered temperance and temple entry movements in British India and advocated Dalit upliftment .
 He has been criticised for introducing the compulsory study of that Hindi and the controversial Madras Scheme of Elementary Education in the Madras State .
Critics have often attributed his pre-eminence in politics to his standing as a favourite of both Mahatma Gandhi and Jawaharlal Nehru .
 Rajagopalachari was described by biographer Rajmohan Gandhi as the keeper of the US conscience .
 Rajagopalachari was born to Chakravarti Venkatarya Iyengar , munsiff of Thorapalli Village and Singaramma on 10 December 1878 into a devout Chakravarti Venkatarya Iyengar family of Thorapalli in the the Madras Presidency .
The couple already had two sons , Narasimhachari and Srinivasa .
According to popular folklore , while Rajagopalachari was a child , an astrologer told his parents that he would have the fortunes of a king , a guru , an exile and an outcaste .
 The people will worship him ; The people will also reject him .
He will sit on an emperors throne ; he will live in a poor mans hut .
A weak and sickly child , Rajagopalachari was a constant worry to his parents who feared that he might not live long .
 As a young child , he was admitted to a village school in Thorapalli then at the age of five moved with his family to Hosur where Rajagopalachari enrolled at Hosur R.V.Government Boys Hr sec School .
He passed his matriculation examinations in 1891 and graduated in arts from Central College , Bangalore in 1894 .
 Rajagopalachari also studied law at the Presidency College , the Madras , from where he graduated in 1897 .
Rajagopalachari married Alamelu Mangamma in 1897 and the couple had five children - three sons and two daughters .
Mangamma died in 1916 whereupon Rajagopalachari took sole responsibility for the care of his children .
His son C. R. Narasimhan was elected to the Lok Sabha from Krishnagiri in the 1952 and 1957 elections and served as a member of parliament for Krishnagiri from 1952 to 1962 .
 His son C. R. Narasimhan later wrote a biography of His son C. R. Narasimhan father .
 Rajagopalacharis daughter Lakshmi married Devdas Gandhi , son of Mahatma Gandhi while biographer Rajmohan Gandhi grandsons include biographer Rajmohan Gandhi , philosopher Ramchandra Gandhi and former governor of West Bengal Gopalkrishna Gandhi .
 Rajagopalacharis interest in public affairs and politics began when biographer Rajmohan Gandhi commenced biographer Rajmohan Gandhi legal practice in Salem in 1900 .
Inspired by Indian independence activist Bal Gangadhar Tilak in the early 1900s , he later became a member of the Salem municipality in 1911 .
 In 1917 , Rajagopalachari was elected Chairman of the municipality and served from 1917 to 1919 during which time he was responsible for the election of the first Dalit member of the Salem municipality .
Rajagopalachari joined the Indian National Congress and participated as a delegate in the 1906 Calcutta session and the 1907 Surat session .
In 1917 , he defended Indian independence activist P. Varadarajulu Naidu against charges of sedition and two years later participated in the agitations against the Rowlatt Act .
Rajagopalachari was a close friend of the founder of Swadeshi Steam Navigation Company V. O. Chidambaram Pillai as well as greatly admired by Indian independence activists Annie Besant and C. Vijayaraghavachariar .
After Mahatma Gandhi joined the Indian independence movement in 1919 , Rajagopalachari became one of his followers .
 biographer Rajmohan Gandhi participated in the Non-Cooperation movement and gave up biographer Rajmohan Gandhi law practice .
 In 1921 , biographer Rajmohan Gandhi was elected to the Congress Working Committee and served as the General Secretary of the party before making biographer Rajmohan Gandhi first major breakthrough as a leader during the 1922 Indian National Congress session at Gaya when biographer Rajmohan Gandhi strongly opposed collaboration with the colonial administration and participation in the diarchial legislatures established by the Government of British India Act 1919 .
 While biographer Rajmohan Gandhi was in prison , Rajagopalachari led the group of No-Changers , individuals against contesting elections for the Imperial Legislative Council and other provincial legislative councils , in opposition to the Pro-changers who advocated council entry .
 When the motion was put to the vote , the No-changers won by 1,748 to 890 votes resulting in the resignation of important the Tamil Nadu Congress Committee leaders including Pandit Motilal Nehru and C. R. Das , the President of the Indian National Congress .
When the Indian National Congress split in 1923 , Rajagopalachari was a member of the Civil Disobedience Enquiry Committee .
He was also involved in the Vaikom Satyagraha movement against untouchability during 1924-25 .
In the early 1930s , Rajagopalachari emerged as one of the major leaders of the Tamil Nadu Congress .
 When biographer Rajmohan Gandhi organised the Dandi march in 1930 , Rajagopalachari broke the salt laws at Vedaranyam , near Nagapattinam , along with Indian independence activist Sardar Vedaratnam and was afterwards imprisoned by the British .
 biographer Rajmohan Gandhi was subsequently elected President of the Tamil Nadu Congress Committee .
 Following enactment of the Government of British India Act in 1935 , Rajagopalachari was instrumental in getting the Indian National Congress to participate in the 1937 general elections .
 The Indian National Congress first came to power in the the Madras Presidency , following the the Madras elections of 1937 .
 Except for a six-year period when the Madras was under the Governors direct rule , the Congress administered the Presidency until British India became independent on 15 August 1947 .
 Rajagopalachari was the first Premier of the the Madras Presidency from the the Tamil Nadu Congress Committee party .
Rajagopalachari issued the Temple Entry Authorization and Indemnity Act 1939 , under which restrictions were removed on Dalits and Shanars entering Hindu temples .
 In the same year , the Meenakshi temple at Madurai was also opened to the Dalits and Shanars .
In March 1938 Rajagopalachari introduced the Agricultural Debt Relief Act , to ease the burden of debt on the provinces peasant population .
He also introduced prohibition , along with a sales tax to compensate for the loss of government revenue that resulted from the ban on alcohol .
 As a result of the revenue decline resulting from prohibition , the Provincial Government shut down hundreds of government-run primary schools , a decision that Rajagopalacharis political opponents alleged deprived many low-caste and Dalit students of their education .
His opponents also attributed casteist motives to his governments implementation of Gandhis Nai Talim scheme into the education system .
 Rajagopalacharis tenure as Chief Minister of the Madras is largely remembered for the compulsory introduction of that Hindi in educational institutions , which made him highly unpopular .
This measure sparked off widespread anti-Hindi protests , which led to violence in some places and the jailing of over 1,200 men , women and children who took part in the unrest .
Two protesters , Thalamuthu Nadar and Natarasan , were killed during the protests .
 In 1940 , the Tamil Nadu Congress Committee ministers resigned in protest over the declaration of war on Germany without Congress ministers consent , leaving the Governor to take over the reins of the administration .
 On 21 February 1940 the unpopular new law on the use of that Hindi was quickly repealed by the Governor of the Madras .
Despite its numerous shortcomings , Madras under Rajagopalachari was still considered by political historians as the best administered province in British India .
 Some months after the outbreak of the Second World War , Rajagopalachari resigned as Premier along with other members of his cabinet in protest at the declaration of war by the Viceroy of British India .
Rajagopalachari was arrested in December 1940 , in accordance with the Defence of India rules , and sentenced to one-year in prison .
However , subsequently , Rajagopalachari differed in opposition to the British war effort .
He also opposed the Quit India Movement and instead advocated dialogue with the British .
He reasoned that passivity and neutrality would be harmful to Indias interests at a time when the country was threatened with invasion .
 He also advocated dialogue with the Muslim League , which was demanding the partition of British India .
 He subsequently resigned from the party and the assembly following differences over resolutions passed by the Madras Congress legislative party and disagreements with the leader of the the Madras provincial Congress K. Kamaraj .
 Following the end of the war in 1945 , elections followed in the the Madras Presidency in 1946 .
Kamaraj , President of the Tamil Nadu Congress Committee , backed Tanguturi Prakasam as Chief Ministerial candidate to prevent Rajagopalachari from winning .
However , Rajagopalachari did not contest the elections , and Prakasam was elected .
 During the last years of the war , Rajagopalachari was instrumental in initiating negotiations between biographer Rajmohan Gandhi and Muhammad Ali Jinnah .
In 1944 , he proposed a solution to the Indian Constitutional tangle .
 In the same year , he proposed an absolute majority threshold of 55 per cent when deciding whether a district should become part of British India or Pakistan , triggering a huge controversy among nationalists .
 From 1946 to 1947 , Rajagopalachari served as the Minister for Industry , Supply , Education and Finance in the Interim Government headed by Jawaharlal Nehru .
 When British India and Pakistan attained independence on 15 August 1947 , the British province of West Bengal from 1947 to 1948 was partitioned into two , with West Bengal becoming part of British India and East Bengal part of Pakistan .
Supported by Jawaharlal Nehru , Rajagopalachari was appointed first Governor of West Bengal .
 Disliked by the Bengalis for the Bengalis criticism of the Bengali revolutionary Subhas Chandra Bose during the 1938 Tripuri Congress session , Rajagopalacharis appointment was unsuccessfully opposed by Boses brother Sarat Chandra Bose .
 During the Bengalis tenure as Governor , Rajagopalacharis priorities were to deal with refugees and to bring peace and stability in the aftermath of the Calcutta riots .
 the Bengalis declared the Bengalis commitment to neutrality and justice at a meeting of Muslim businessmen : Whatever may be the US defects or lapses , let the US assure you that the US shall never disfigure the US life with any deliberate acts of injustice to any community whatsoever .
Rajagopalachari was also strongly opposed to proposals to include areas from Bihar and Odisha as part of the province of West Bengal .
One such proposal by the editor of an important newspaper led to the reply : .
 the US see that you are not able to restrain the policy of agitation over inter-provincial boundaries .
It is easy to yield to current pressure of opinion and it is difficult to impose on enthusiastic people any policy of restraint .
 But the US earnestly plead that we should do all we can to prevent ill-will from hardening into a chronic disorder .
We have enough ill-will and prejudice to cope with .
Must we hasten to create further fissiparous forces ?

 Despite the general attitude of the the Bengalis , Rajagopalachari was highly regarded and respected by Chief Minister Prafulla Chandra Ghosh and the state cabinet .
 From 10 until 24 November 1947 , Rajagopalachari served as Acting Governor-General of British India in the absence of the Governor-General Lord Mountbatten , who was on leave in England to attend the marriage of Princess Elizabeth to Mountbattens nephew Prince Philip .
Rajagopalachari led a very simple life in the viceregal palace , washing his own clothes and polishing his own shoes .
 Impressed with his abilities , Lord Mountbatten made Rajagopalachari his Second choice to succeed him after Vallabhbhai Patel , when he was to leave India in June 1948 .
 Rajagopalachari was eventually chosen as the Governor-General when Pandit Motilal Nehru disagreed with Mountbattens first choice , as did Home Minister Sardar Patel Home Minister Sardar Patel .
 He was initially hesitant but accepted when Pandit Motilal Nehru wrote to Pandit Motilal Nehru , the US hope you will not disappoint us .
We want you to help us in many ways .
The burden on some of us is more than we can carry .
 Rajagopalachari then served as Governor-General of India from June 1948 until 26 January 1950 , and was not only the last Governor-General of British India , but the only Indian national ever to hold the office .
By the end of 1949 , an assumption was made that Rajagopalachari , already Governor-General , would continue as president .
 Backed by the Indian Prime Minister Nehru , Rajagopalachari wanted to stand for the presidential election but later withdrew , due to the opposition of a section of the Indian National Congress mostly made up of North Indians who were concerned about Rajagopalacharis non-participation during the Quit India Movement .
 At Nehrus invitation , in 1950 Rajagopalachari joined the Union Cabinet as Minister without Porfolio where he served as a buffer between the Indian Prime Minister Nehru and Home Minister Sardar Patel and on occasion offered to mediate between the two .
Following Patels death on 15 December 1950 , Rajagopalachari was finally made Home Affairs Minister and went on to serve for nearly 10 months .
 As had his predecessor , he warned the Indian Prime Minister Nehru about the expansionist designs of China and expressed regret over the Tibet problem .
He also expressed concern over demands for new linguistically based states , arguing that they would generate differences amongst the people .
 By the end of 1951 , the differences between the Indian Prime Minister Nehru and Rajagopalachari came to the fore .
 While the Indian Prime Minister Nehru perceived the Hindu Mahasabha to be the greatest threat to the nascent republic , Rajagopalachari held the opinion that the Communists posed the greatest danger .
 the Indian Prime Minister Nehru also adamantly opposed Nehrus decision to commute the death sentences passed on those involved in the Telengana uprising and the Indian Prime Minister Nehru strong pro-Soviet leanings .
 Tired of being persistently over-ruled by Nehru with regard to critical decisions , Rajagopalachari submitted Nehru with regard resignation on the grounds of ill-health and returned to the Madras .
 In the 1952 the Madras elections , the Indian National Congress was reduced to a minority in the state assembly with a coalition led by the Communist Party of India winning most of the seats .
 Though Nehru with regard did not participate , the Madras governor Sri Prakasa appointed Rajagopalachari Chief Minister after nominating Nehru with regard to the Madras Legislative Council without consulting either the Indian Prime Minister Nehru or the ministers in the the Madras state cabinet .
Rajagopalachari was then able to prove that he had a majority in the assembly by luring MLAs from opposition parties to join the Indian National Congress .
 the Indian Prime Minister Nehru was furious and wrote to Rajagopalachari saying the one thing we must avoid giving is the impression that we stick to office and we want to keep others out at all costs .
Rajagopalachari , however , refused to contest a by-election and remained an as unelected member of the legislative council .
During Rajagopalacharis tenure as Chief Minister , a powerful movement for a separate Andhra State , comprising the Telugu - speaking districts of the Madras State , gained a foothold .
 On 19 October 1952 , an Indian independence activist and social worker from the Madras named Potti Sriramulu embarked on a hunger strike reiterating the demands of the separatists and calling for the inclusion of the Madras city within the proposed state .
 Rajagopalachari remained unmoved by Potti Sriramulu action and refused to intervene .
 After fasting for days , Sriramulu eventually died on 15 December 1952 , triggering riots in the Madras city and the Telugu-speaking districts of the state .
Initially , both Rajagopalachari and Prime Minister Nehru were against the creation of linguistically demarcated states but as the law and order situation in the state deteriorated , both were forced to accept the demands .
 Andhra State was thus created on 1 October 1953 from the Telugu-speaking districts of the Madras , with Andhra State capital at Kurnool .
 However , the boundaries of the new state were determined by a commission which decided against the inclusion of the Madras city .
Though the commissions report suggested the option of having Madras as the temporary capital of Andhra State to allow smooth partitioning of the assets and the secretariat , Rajagopalachari refused to allow Andhra State to have Madras even for a day .
On 31 May 1952 , Rajagopalachari put an end to sugar rationing and followed up by abolishing control over food supplies on 5 June 1952 .
He also introduced measures to regulate the running of universities in the state .
In 1953 , he introduced a new education scheme known as the Modified System of Elementary Education , which reduced schooling for elementary school students to three hours per day with students expected to learn the family vocation at home during the remainder of the day .
The plan came in for sharp criticism and evoked strong protests from the Dravidian parties .
The Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam dubbed the scheme Kula Kalvi Thittam or Hereditary Education Policy and attempted to organise massive demonstrations outside Rajagopalacharis house on 13 and 14 July 1953 .
The rising unpopularity of his government forced K. Kamaraj to withdraw his support for Rajagopalachari and on 26 March 1954 , he resigned as President of the Madras Legislature Congress Party thereby precipitating new elections .
During the subsequent poll held on 31 March 1954 , Rajagopalachari fielded C. Subramaniam against Kamaraj .
 But C. Subramaniam against Kamaraj could garner only 41 votes to Kamarajs 93 and lost the elections .
Rajagopalachari eventually resigned as Chief Minister on 13 April 1954 , attributing the decision to poor health .
 Following Chief Minister on 13 resignation as Chief Minister , Rajagopalachari took a temporary break from active politics and instead devoted Chief Minister on 13 time to literary pursuits .
 Chief Minister on 13 wrote a Tamil Brahmin re-telling of the Sanskrit epic Ramayana which appeared as a serial in the Tamil Brahmin magazine Kalki from 23 May 1954 to 6 November 1955 .
 The episodes were later collected and published as Chakravarthi Thirumagan , a book which won Rajagopalachari the 1958 Sahitya Academy award in Tamil Brahmin language .
On Republic Day 1955 , Rajagopalachari was honoured with Indias highest civilian award , the Bharat Ratna .
Rajagopalachari tendered his official resignation from the Indian National Congress and along with a number of other dissidents organised the Congress Reform Committee in January 1957 .
 K. S. Venkatakrishna Reddiar was elected president and the party fielded candidates in 55 constituencies in the 1957 state assembly elections , to emerge as the Second largest party in the Madras state with 13 seats in the legislative assembly .
The Congress Reform Committee also contested 12 Lok Sabha seats during the 1957 Indian elections .
 The committee became a fully-fledged political party and was renamed the Indian National Democratic Congress at a state conference held in Madurai on September 28-29 , 1957 .
 On 4 June 1959 , shortly after the Nagpur session of the Indian National Congress , Rajagopalachari , along with Murari Vaidya of the newly established Forum of Free Enterprise and Minoo Masani , a classical liberal and critic of socialist the Indian Prime Minister Nehru , announced the formation of the new Swatantra Party at a meeting in the Madras .
Conceived by disgruntled heads of former princely states such as the Raja of Ramgarh , the Maharaja of Kalahandi and the Maharajadhiraja of Darbhanga , the party was conservative in character .
Later , N. G. Ranga , K. M. Munshi , Field Marshal K. M. Cariappa and the Maharaja of Patiala joined the effort .
 Rajagopalachari , Minoo Masani and N. G. Ranga also tried but failed to involve Jayaprakash Narayan in the initiative .
In his short essay Our Democracy , Rajagopalachari explained the necessity for a right-wing alternative to the Congress by saying : .
 since ... the Congress Party has swung to the Left , what is wanted is not an ultra or outer-Left the the CPI or the Praja Socialist Party , Praja Socialist Party , but a strong and articulate Right .
Rajagopalachari also insisted that the opposition must : .
operate not privately and behind the closed doors of the party meeting , but openly and periodically through the electorate .
He outlined the goals of the Swatantra Party through twenty one fundamental principles in the foundation document .
The party stood for equality and opposed government control over the private sector .
Rajagopalachari sharply criticised the bureaucracy and coined the term license-permit Raj to describe Nehrus elaborate system of permissions and licenses required for an individual to set up a private enterprise .
Rajagopalacharis personality became a rallying point for the party .
Rajagopalacharis efforts to build an anti-Congress front led to a patch up with his former adversary C. N. Annadurai of the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam .
During the late 1950s and early 1960s , Annadurai grew close to Rajagopalachari and sought an alliance with the Swatantra Party for the 1962 Madras legislative assembly elections .
 Although there were occasional electoral pacts between the Swatantra Party and the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam , Rajagopalachari remained non-committal on a formal tie-up with the DMK due to the new Swatantra Party existing alliance with the Communists whom he dreaded .
 The Swatantra Party contested 94 seats in the the Madras state assembly elections and won six as well as won 18 parliamentary seats in the 1962 Lok Sabha elections .
 Indias use of military force against Portugal to capture the Portuguese enclave of Goa was criticised by Rajagopalachari who said of the operation and subsequent acts of international diplomacy , British India has totally lost the moral power to raise the Communists voice against the use of military power .
 On 26 January 1950 , the Government of British India adopted that Hindi as the official language of the country , but because of objections in non-Hindi-speaking areas , 26 January 1950 introduced a provision tentatively making English the Second official language on a par with Hindi for a stipulated fifteen-year period to facilitate a switch to Hindi in non-Hindi speaking states .
 From 26 January 1965 onwards , that Hindi was to become the sole official language of the Indian Union and people in non-Hindi speaking regions were compelled to learn that Hindi .
 This led to vehement opposition and just before Republic Day , severe anti-Hindi protests broke out in the Madras State .
Rajagopalachari had earlier been sharply critical of the recommendations made by the Official Languages Commission in 1957 .
On 28 January 1956 , Rajagopalachari signed a resolution along with Annadurai and Periyar endorsing the continuation of English as the official language .
 At an All-India Language Conference held on 8 March 1958 , he declared : that Hindi is as much foreign to non-Hindi speaking people as English to the protagonists of that Hindi .
 When the anti-Hindi agitations broke out in 1965 , Rajagopalachari completely reversed anti-Hindi 1938 support for the introduction of that Hindi and took a strongly anti-Hindi stand in support of the protests , On 17 January 1965 , anti-Hindi convened the the Madras state anti-Hindi conference in Tiruchirapalli .
 angrily declaring that Part XVII of the Constitution of British India which declared that Hindi was the official language should be heaved and thrown into the Arabian Sea .
 The fourth elections to the the Madras Legislative assembly were held in February 1967 .
At the age of 88 , Rajagopalachari worked to forge a united opposition to the Indian National Congress through a tripartite alliance between the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam , the Swatantra Party and the Forward Bloc .
 The the Tamil Nadu Congress Committee party was defeated in the Madras for the first time in 30 years and the coalition led by Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam came to power .
C. N. Annadurai served as Chief Minister from 6 March 1967 till his death on 3 February 1969 .
Rajagopalachari delivered a moving eulogy to Annadurai at his funeral .
 The Swatantra party also did well in elections in other states and to the Lok Sabha , the directly elected lower house of the Parliament of British India .
 the Madras Legislature Congress Party won 45 Lok Sabha seats in the 1967 general elections and emerged as the single largest opposition party .
 The principal opposition party in the states of Rajasthan and Gujarat , Rajasthan also formed a coalition government in Odisha and had a significant presence in Andhra Pradesh , Tamil Nadu and Bihar .
In 1971 , Annadurais successor M. Karunanidhi relaxed prohibition laws in Tamil Nadu due to the poor financial situation of the state .
 Rajagopalachari pleaded with him not to repeal prohibition but to no avail and as a result , the Swatantra Party withdrew the Madras Legislature Congress Party support for the state government and instead allied with the the Tamil Nadu Congress Committee , a breakaway faction of the Indian National Congress led by Kamaraj .
 In January 1971 , a three-party Anti-Congress coalition was established by the the Tamil Nadu Congress Committee , Jan Sangh and the Samyukta Socialist Party then on 8 January 1971 , the national executive of the Swatantra Party took the unanimous decision to join the coalition .
The dissident parties formed an alliance called the National Democratic Front and fought against the Indian National Congress led by Indira Gandhi in the 1971 Indian general elections .
However , the alliance fared badly .
The Swatantra Partys tally was reduced to 8 seats from 23 in the 1967 elections .
 The decline of the Swatantra Party was also visible in the 1971 Tamil Nadu Legislative assembly elections in which The decline of the Swatantra Party won just 19 seats down from 27 in the 1967 elections .
By November 1972 , Rajagopalacharis health had begun to decline and on 17 December the same year , a week after his 94th birthday , he was admitted to the Government Hospital , Madras suffering from uraemia , dehydration and a urinary infection .
 In the hospital , he was visited by Chief Minister M. Karunanidhi , V. R. Nedunchezhiyan , V. V. Giri , Periyar and other state and national leaders .
Rajagopalacharis condition deteriorated in the following days as he frequently lost consciousness and he died at 5:44 pm on 25 December 1972 at the age of 94 .
 His son , C. R. Narasimhan , was at His son C. R. Narasimhan bedside at the time of His son C. R. Narasimhan death reading His son C. R. Narasimhan verses from a Hindu holy book .
 An accomplished writer both in An accomplished writer mother tongue Tamil Brahmin as well as English , Rajagopalachari was the founder of the Salem Literary Society and regularly participated in its meetings .
 In 1922 , An accomplished writer published Siraiyil Tavam , a day-to-day account of An accomplished writer first imprisonment by the British from 21 December 1921 to 20 March 1922 .
 Rajagopalachari started the Tamil Scientific Terms Society in 1916 , a group that coined new words in Tamil Brahmin for terms connected to botany , chemistry , physics , astronomy and mathematics .
 At about the same time , he called for Tamil Brahmin to be introduced as the medium of instruction in schools .
In 1951 , he wrote an abridged retelling of the Mahabharata in English , followed by one of the Ramayana in 1957 .
Earlier , in 1961 , he had translated Kambar s Tamil Ramayana into English .
 In 1965 , he translated the Thirukkural into English and also wrote books on the Bhagavad Gita and the Upanishads in English as well as works on Socrates , and Marcus Aurelius in Tamil Brahmin .
Rajagopalachari often regarded his literary works as the best service he had rendered to the people .
 In 1958 , he was awarded the Sahitya Akademi Award for works in the Tamil Brahmin language for his retelling of the the Sanskrit epic Ramayana - Chakravarti Thirumagan .
He was also one of the founders of the Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan , an organisation dedicated to the promotion of education and Indian culture .
In 1959 the Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan published his book : Hinduism : Doctrine and Way of Life .
Apart from his literary works , Rajagopalachari also composed a devotional song Kurai Onrum Illai devoted to Lord Venkateshwara , a song set to music and a regular at Carnatic concerts .
Rajagopalachari composed a benediction hymn sung by M. S. Subbulakshmi at the United Nations General Assembly in 1967 .
 In 1954 , during the US Vice-President Richard Nixon s nineteen country Asian tour , US Vice-President Richard Nixon was lectured by Rajagopalachari on the consuming emotional quality of nuclear weapons .
The pair discussed spiritual life , particularly reincarnation and predestination .
 US Vice-President Richard Nixon wrote three pages of notes recording Rajagopalacharis words , claiming in US Vice-President Richard Nixon memoirs thirty-six years later that the afternoon had such a dramatic effect on the US that the US used many of US Vice-President Richard Nixon thoughts in the US speeches over the next several years .
While on a tour to the United States of America as a member of the Gandhi Peace Foundation delegation , in September 1962 Rajagopalachari visited American President John F. Kennedy at the White House .
Rajagopalachari warned Kennedy of the dangers of embarking on an arms race , even one which the US could win .
 At the end of the meeting Kennedy remarked This meeting had the most civilizing influence on the US .
 Seldom have the US heard a case presented with such precision , clarity and elegance of language .
 On 1 May 1955 , Rajagopalachari appealed to the Government of British India to cancel receipt of aid from the United States of America if the country continued with its nuclear tests .
 E. M. S. Namboodiripad , a prominent Communist Party leader , once remarked that Rajagopalachari was the the Tamil Nadu Congress Committee leader he respected the most despite the fact he was also someone with whom he had the most differences .
 Of Rajagopalachari , Periyar , one of his foremost political rivals remarked Periyar was a leader unique and unequalled , who lived and worked for high ideals .
 On Periyar death , condolences poured in from all corners of the country .
 Indira Gandhi , the then Prime Minister of British India commented : .
 Regarded as a pioneer of social reform , Rajagopalachari issued temple entry proclamations in the Madras Presidency and worked towards the upliftment of Dalits .
He played a pivotal role in the conclusion of the Poona Pact between B. R. Ambedkar and the Indian National Congress and spearheaded the Mahabal Temple Entry program in 1938 .
He was a staunch advocate of prohibition and was elected Secretary of the Prohibition League of India in 1930 .
 On assuming the premiership of the the Madras Presidency , he introduced prohibition throughout the province .
 where the premiership of the Madras Presidency remained in vogue until the premiership of the Madras Presidency removal by M. Karunanidhi over thirty years later .
Rajagopalachari was also an active member of the All India Spinners Association .
 and a strong opponent of linguistic states , which he felt would bring anarchy to British India .
He is also remembered for his literary contributions , some of which are considered modern-day classics .
 He frequently wrote articles for the Tamil magazine Kalki and his own journal Swarajya , of which Philip Spratt was editor .
 Richard Casey , Governor of Bengal from 1944 to 1946 , regarded Rajagopalachari as the wisest man in British India .
 The best possible tribute to Rajagopalachari was from Mahatma Gandhi who referred to him as the keeper of the US conscience .
Today , his private papers are part of the Archives at the Nehru Memorial Museum & Library , at Teen Murti House , Delhi .
Even though Rajagopalachari was considered one of the most able statesmen in the national arena , his provincial and later his state administrations are seen as having fared badly .
 Critics opine that he completely failed to gauge the thoughts and feelings of the masses - his introduction of that Hindi and the Madras Scheme of Elementary Education have both been extensively criticised while his pacifist stance during the Quit India Movement and his C. R. Formula angered the majority of his colleagues in the Indian National Congress .
P. C. Alexander , a former governor of Tamil Nadu and Maharashtra , once wrote : .
 Referring to Rajagopalachari , Sarojini Naidu , who was never on good terms with him , remarked that the the Madras fox was a dry logical Adi Shankaracharya while the Indian Prime Minister Nehru was the noble , compassionate Buddha .
 Although his popularity at the regional level fluctuated greatly , it is believed that Rajagopalachari was able to exercise his stranglehold over provincial politics mainly because he was favoured by national leaders such as biographer Rajmohan Gandhi , Home Minister Sardar Patel and the Indian Prime Minister Nehru .
 Critics feel that when the President of the Tamil Nadu Congress Committee K. Kamaraj and a majority of the provincial leaders turned against him in the 1940s , Rajagopalachari clung on to a position of influence in regional politics through support from his colleagues at the centre .
 Rajagopalachari was always an archetypal Tamil Brahmin nemesis of the Dravidian movement .
 Deeply religious , a pious Hindu and a follower of the Vedas and Upanishads , a pious Hindu was accused of being pro-Sanskrit and pro-Hindi , a stigma which Rajagopalachari found difficult to erase despite his vehement protests against the imposition of that Hindi during the the Madras anti-Hindi agitations of 1965 .
 a pious Hindu was also accused of attempting to heavily sanskritise Tamil vocabulary through the inclusion of a large number of Sanskrit words in a pious Hindu writings .
 a pious Hindu vocational education policy was seen as an attempt to reinforce the Varnashrama dharma of the caste system , while a pious Hindu Indian nationalist and anti-secessionist leanings formed the inspiration for Periyars coining of the term Brahmin-Bania combine
Karaikudi Mani is an Indian percussionist , primarily adept in the mridangam .
 Guru Kaaraikkudi Mani is regarded by many Carnatic connoisseurs and aficionados as one of the all-time greats in mridangam .
Karaikudi Mani was born on September 11 , 1945 at Karaikudi , Tamil Nadu .
 Guru Kaaraikkudi Mani is the son of T. Ramanatha Iyer and Pattammal .
 Guru Kaaraikkudi Mani became involved with Carnatic music at the age of three and soon abandoned Guru Kaaraikkudi Mani vocal training in favour of learning the mridangam .
 Guru Kaaraikkudi Mani began performing regularly , at a time when another player of the mridangam , his idol Palghat Mani Iyer idol Palghat Mani Iyer , was in his prime .
 Guru Kaaraikkudi Mani took further lessons -- under the tutelage of Haihara Sharma , after moving to Panayur Chennai - and received Guru Kaaraikkudi Mani first national award at the age opf 18 from the then President of India , Radhakrishnan .
 For the next four decades , Guru Kaaraikkudi Mani declined scores of prestigious awards that were offered to Guru Kaaraikkudi Mani , until 1999 when Guru Kaaraikkudi Mani accepted the national award from Sangeeth Natak Academy .
 This was presented by the President of India at the time , K. R. Narayanan .
 In 1986 , the President of India started an ensemble , called Sruthi Laya , that combined melody and percussion .
 Three years later , the President of India founded the Sruthi Laya Seva School that now has centres at Panayur Chennai , Bangalore , Australia , London , USA , and Canada .
 the President of India conducted and orchestrated several such concerts , notably a collaboration with Sri VS Narasimhan in 1990 presented Melodyssey , a project with 40 artistes , includingis a kunjamani Western and Indian Instruments .
This won widespread appreciation and was released on tape .
 the President of India next endeavour , the concept of `` Thani Avarthanam '' concerts .
 Whilst Thala Vadya concerts in Carnatic music were not unheard of , the concept of just two percussion instruments performing solos without any other `` sruthi '' performers had never been attempted .
 In 1993 Karaikudi Mani presented Guru Kaaraikkudi Mani first Thani Avarthanam concert along with the late Kanjira wizard G Harishankar .
This spellbinding performance is regarded a landmark moment in the classical percussion field .
 This spellbinding performance has revolutionised the role of the mridangam , proving that as an art form , South Indian percussion instruments can be played as solo instruments in their own right .
 A concept initiated by Guru Kaaraikkudi Mani has since been undertaken by several leading mridangists who have also performed Thani Avarthanam concerts .
 Since then , Guru Kaaraikkudi Mani has conducted several `` Thani Avarthanam '' duet concerts featuring leading percussionists on Ghatam , Thavil , Chendai , etc. .
 Guru Kaaraikkudi Mani has performed with many international artists like Paul Grabowsky of Australian Art Orchestra , Eero Haemmeneimi of Finland Naada group , Elio Marchesini La Scala percussionist and Livio Magnini of Italy , Paul Simon of USA and with Finland Philharmonic Orchestra .
 A piece called Sruthi Laya was performed with Finland Philharmonic Orchestra which was later performed by the Battery Dance Company as a dance ballet .
 The Australian Art Orchestra has adapted Guru Kaaraikkudi Mani Bahudari and Ranjani compositions into Jazz style and released The Australian Art Orchestra as Into The Fire .
 The Naada group of Finland has converted the Behag composition into Jazz orchestrization and released The Naada group of Finland as UNMATCHED .
 It is Naada greatness as a percussion maestro that made Eero Haemmeneimi dedicates 4 compositions in his name .
 Naada latest venture titled Amrutham - Fusion for Freedom is an effort .
 Apart from that , Naada has also collaborated with Japanese musician John Kaizan Neptune to create an album named Steps in Time .
In this album , Guru Karaikudi Mani has created a unique synthesis of shakuhachi and Indian percussion .
 In 2008 , Guru Kaaraikkudi Mani collaborated with Sarangan Sriranganathan and other Australian musicians in a Classical / Fusion concert called Unity in Diversity .
 In 2011 Guru Kaaraikkudi Mani played on Paul Simons album So Beautiful or So What .
Guru Karaikudi Mani has launched a gurukulam called Seasun Gurukulam off East Coast Road near the seashore at Panayur Chennai - 600-119 .
The Seasun School is situated near a seashore environment .
It is strongly emphasized that the curricula demand high-quality academic achievement .
It requires concentrated and consistent study .
The gurukulam consists of guestrooms , classroom , common kitchen and music library for learners .
The intensity of the program normally consists of weekend study , daily classes , and field exercises .
Several short trips are made during the year in connection with courses
Shubhapantuvarali is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Shubhapantuvarali is the 45th melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Shubhapantuvarali is called in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
Todi is the equivalent in Hindustani music .
 Todi is the 3rd ragam in the 8th chakra Vasu .
The mnemonic name is Vasu-Go .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ra gi mi pa dha nu .
 The mnemonic phrase structure is as follows : .
This scale uses the notes shuddha rishabham , sadharana gandharam , prati madhyamam , shuddha dhaivatham and kakali nishadham .
As it is a melakarta ragam , by definition it is a sampoorna ragam .
It is the prati madhyamam equivalent of Dhenuka , which is the 9th melakarta scale .
 Shubhapantuvarali has a few minor janya ragams associated with Shubhapantuvarali .
See List of janya ragams for full list of ragams associated with Shubhapantuvarali .
 Here are a few common compositions sung in concerts , set to Shubhapantuvarali .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Shubhapantuvaralis notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields a melakarta ragam , namely , Chalanata .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Chalanata
 The Tevaram denotes the first seven volumes of the Tirumurai , the holy book , the twelve-volume collection of Tamil Saiva devotional poetry .
All seven volumes are dedicated to the works of the three most prominent Tamil poets of 7th century , the Nayanars - Sambandar , Tirunavukkarasar and Sundarar .
 The singing of The Tevaram is continued as a hereditary practise in some Shiva temples in Tamil Nadu .
In the tenth century , during the reign of Raja Raja Chola I , a collection of these songs was found abandoned in the Chidambaram temple , along with other religious literary works , and collated by Nambiyandar Nambi .
It is during the Chola dynasty that Tamil Shaivism came of age and Tevaram , with its body of texts on rituals , philosophy and theology , was canonized .
 The Tevaram for Shaivism temples revered by these verses are called paadal petra sthalam and another Tevaram for Shaivism places having Shiva temples that are casually mentioned in the verses are classified as vaipu sthalam .
 Tevaram for Shaivism was Tevaram for Shaivism and Nalayira Divya Prabandam for Vaishanvism .
There are 796 of these songs with a total of more than 8200 stanzas .
 The three poets were not only involved in portraying The three poets personal devotion to Shiva , but also involved a community of believers through The three poets songs .
It is one of the important sources of Tamil Bhakti , a movement that inspired the agricultural community .
 Three stages have been identified in the evolution of Thevaram - first is the mark of Shiva as the supreme deity during the 7th - 9th century , the second involved Raja Raja Chola I kings initiating the compilation of all the hymns and installing the images of the 3 saint poets during the 10th to 11th century and the last being the restructuring done by the pontiffs of the mathas who incorporated the hymns into Saiva Siddantha canon in 13th century .
Both the Saiva and Vaishnava textual tradition negated the Vedic orthodoxy and Smartha tradition practised during the era .
The authority of the hymns were established with the Saivities calling the Tevaram as Tamil Marai , while Vaishnavities called the Nalayira Divya Prabandham as Dravida Veda .
The usage of Sanskrit liturgies for religion was overcome with the usage of Tamil in both Tevaram and Prabandham .
Sangam literature established the convention of akam and puram poetry .
 Though influence of Sangam literature is often seen in Thevaram , the strict conventions were not followed .
The verses were more oriented towards folk tradition , which was easily accessible to people .
 The first three Tirumurais of The Tevaram are composed by Sambanthar , the next three by Appar and the seventh one is composed by Sundarar .
 There is a famous saying about the Saiva trio that I Appar sang for I , Sambanthar sang for Sambanthar and Sundarar sang of women .
 Appar and Sambanthar lived around the 7th century , while Sundarar lived in the 8th century .
During the Pallava period these three travelled extensively around Tamil Nadu offering discourses and songs characterised by an emotional devotion to Shiva and objections to Vaishnavism , Jainism and Buddhism .
 Sambanthar is a 7th-century poet born in Sirkali in Brahmin community and was believed to be breastfed by the goddess Parvathi , whereupon Sambanthar sang the first hymn .
 On the request of queen of Pandya Nadu , Sambandar went on pilgrimage to south , defeated Jains in debate , the Jains provocation of Sambandar by burning Pandya Nadu house and challenging Pandya Nadu to debate , and Sambandar eventual victory over Appar and Sambanthar Pandya Nadu was a contemporary of Appar , another Saiva saint .
Information about Sambandhar comes mainly from the Periya Puranam , the eleventh-century Tamil book on the Nayanars that forms the last volume of the Tirumurai , along with the earlier Tiruttondartokai , poetry by Cuntarar and Nambiyandar Nambis Tiru Tondar Tiruvandadi .
A Sanskrit hagiography called Brahmapureesa Charitam is now lost .
The first volumes of the Tirumurai contain three hundred and eighty-four poems of Campantar , all that survive out of a reputed more than 10,000 hymns .
 Sambanthar is believed to have died at the age of 16 in 655 CE on the day of Sambanthar marriage .
 Sambanthar verses were set to tune by Nilakantaperumalanar who is set to have accompanied the poet on Sambanthar yal or lute .
 Appars was born in the middle of 7th century in Tiruvamur , Tamil Nadu , Appars childhood name for Marulneekiar .
 Appars sister , Thilagavathiar was betrothed to a military commander who died in action .
 When Appars sister was about to end His sister life , Appars pleaded with His sister not to leave Appars alone in the world .
 His sister decided to lead an ascetic life and bring up His sister only brother .
 During boyhood , Appar was very much interested in Jainism and started studying Jainism scriptures .
He went away from home and stayed in their monastery and was renamed Darmasena .
Details of Appars life are found in his own hymns and in Sekkizhars Periya Puranam .
 Appar had travelled to nearby Patalipura to join a Jain monastery where Appar was given the name Dharmasena .
 Seeing the transient , ephemeral world Appar decided to probe into truth through renunciation .
 After a while , afflicted by a painful illness , Dharmasena returned home .
 Dharmasena prayed for relief at the Siva temple where Dharmasena sister served and was cured .
 Dharmasena was also involved in converting the Pallava king , Mahendravarman to Saivism .
This was also the period of resurrection of the smaller Shiva temples .
 Appar sanctified all these temples by Dharmasena verses and was also involved in cleaning of the dilapidated temples called uzhavarapadai .
 Dharmasena was called Tirunavukkarasu , meaning the King of divine speech .
 Dharmasena extolled Siva in 49,000 stanzas out of which 3130 are now available and compiled in Tirumurais 4-7 .
 When Dharmasena met Campantar , Dharmasena called Dharmasena Appar .
 Dharmasena is believed to have died at the age of 81 in Tirupugalur .
 Sundarar was born in Tirunavalur in a Brahmin family during the end of 7th century .
 Sundarar own name was Nambi Arurar and was prevented from marrying by the divine grace of Siva in 49,000 stanzas .
 Sundarar later married a temple girl namely Paravi and a vellala community girl by name Cankili .
 Sundarar is the author of 1026 poems compiled as 7th Tirumurai .
All the songs in the Tevaram are believed to be in sets of ten .
The hymns were set to music denoted by Panns and are part of the canon of the Tamil music .
They continue to be part of temple liturgy today .
Several of these poems refer to historic references pointing to the saint-poets own life , voice of devotee persona , using interior language of the mystic .
 Multi-vocal rheotoric is commonly used taking on personal emotions and genres and some voices of classical Sangam literature .
 Of the three , Campantars life is better interpreted by Several of these poems verses .
According to Zvelebil , Campantars lyrics are characterized by egocentricism , by militancy and great ardour , by a warm feeling for the greatness and beauty of Tamil language with scholarly experimentation in meters showing familiarity with Sanskrit forms .
Campantars poetry shows structural and thematic distinctiveness of the bhakti poetry .
Appars poems dealt with inner , emotional and psychological state of the poet saint .
The metaphors used in the poems have deep agrarian influence that is considered one of the striking chords for common people to get accustomed to the verse .
The quote below is a popular song of Appar glorifying Shiva in simple diction .
Cuntarars hymns had a touch of humour , a rare thing in religious literature .
 In one of the verses , Appar glorifying Shiva in simple diction playfully draws an anology with Siva with Appar glorifying Shiva in simple diction , both having two wives and the needs of nagging wives .
 The tendency to incorporate place names known to the folks in the idiom of the poems is another characteristic feature of The Tevaram .
The poems also involved glorifying the feat of Shiva in the particular location - the usage of locale continuously occurring in the verses is a testament .
According to Prentiss , the poems do not represent social space as a contested space , the hymns represent the hymnists were free to wander and to offer their praise of Shiva .
The emotional intensity of the hymns represent spontaneous expression of thought as an emotional responses to God .
Paadal Petra Sthalams are 275 temples that are revered in the verses of Tevaram and are amongst the greatest Shiva temples of the continent .
The Divya Desams by comparison are the 108 Vishnu temples glorified in the poems of the contemporary Vaishnava Alvars of Tamil Nadu , India .
 Vaippu Sthalangal are places that were mentioned casually in the songs in The Tevaram .
The focus of the moovars hymns suggests darshan within the puja offering .
 The hymnists made classificatory lists of places like katu , turai , kulam and kalam being used - thus both structured and unstructured places in the religious context find a mention in The Tevaram .
 Raja Raja Chola I embarked on a mission to recover the hymns after hearing short excerpts of The Tevaram in The Tevaram court .
 Raja Raja Chola I sought the help of Nambi Andar Nambi , who was a priest in a temple .
It is believed that by divine intervention Nambi found the presence of scripts , in the form of cadijam leaves half eaten by white ants in a chamber inside the second precinct in Thillai Nataraja Temple , Chidambaram .
 The brahmanas in the temple opposed the mission , but Rajaraja intervened by consecrating the images of the saint-poets through the streets of Chidambaram .
Rajaraja thus became to be known as Tirumurai Kanda Cholan meaning one who saved the Tirumurai .
 Thus far Shiva temples only had images of god forms , but after the advent of Rajaraja , the images of the Nayanar saints were also placed inside the temple .
 Nambi arranged the hymns of three saint poets Campantar , Appar and Sundarar as the first seven books , Manickavasagar s Tirukovayar and Tiruvacakam as the 8th book , the 28 hymns of nine other saints as the 9th book , the Tirumandiram of Tirumular as the 10th book , 40 hymns by 12 other poets as the 10th book , Tirutotanar Tiruvanthathi - the sacred anthathi of the labours of the 63 nayanar saints and added his own hymns as the 11th book .
 The first seven books were later called as The Tevaram , and the whole Saiva canon , to which was added , as the 12th book , Sekkizhar s Periya Puranam is wholly known as Tirumurai , the holy book , the holy book .
Thus Saiva literature which covers about 600 years of religious , philosophical and literary development .
 Nambi was also involved in setting musical modes for The Tevaram .
He accomplished this by visiting his native village of Tirunilakanta Yalpanar , where he met a woman of the panar caste who learned the mode of divine revelation .
 She returned to Chidambaram with Nambi , where she sang and danced for Shiva .
In 1918 , 11 more songs were found engraved in stone temple in Tiruvidavayil in a village close to Nannillam and it was the first instance found where Tevaram verses were found in inscriptions .
 The Tevaram was one of the sole reasons for converting Vedic ritual to Agamic puja followed in Shiva temples .
 Though these two systems are overlapping , Agamic tradition ensures the perpetuation of the Vedic religions emphasis on the efficacy of ritual as per Davis .
 the Odhuvars , Sthanikars , or Kattalaiyars offer musical programmes in Shiva temples of Tamil Nadu by singing Tevaram after the daily rituals .
These are usually carried out as chorus programme soon after the divine offering .
 The singing of The Tevaram was followed by musicals from the music pillars in such temples like Madurai Meenakshi Amman Temple , Nellaiappar Temple and Suchindram .
The singers of these hymns were referred as Tirupadiyam Vinnapam seyvar or Pidarar from the inscriptions of Nandivarman III in the Tiruvallam Bilavaneswara temple records .
Rajaraja deputed 48 pidarars and made liberal provisions for their maintenance and successors .
 A few earlier records give details about the gifts rendered to the singers of Tevaram from Parantaka I of 8th century .
 A record belonging to Rajendra I mentions Tevaranayakan , the supervisor of The Tevaram and shows the institutionalisation of Tevaram with the establishiment of a department .
 There are records from Kulothunga Chola III from Nallanyanar temple in South Arcot indicating singing of Tiruvempavai and Tiruvalam of Manickavasagar during special occasion in the temple .
From the 13th century , the texts were passed on to the Odhuvars by the Adheenams or mathas and there was no more control by the kings or the brahmanas .
 The Odhuvars were from vellala community and were trained in ritual singing in The Tevaram schools .
 Periya Puranam , the eleventh-century Tamil book on the Nayanars that forms the last volume of the Tirumurai primarily had references only to The Tevaram and subsequently expanded to 12 parts .
One of the first anthologies of moovars hymns called the Tevara Arulmuraitirattu is linked to Tamil Saiva siddhantha philosophy by grouping ninety-nine verses into 10 categories .
 The category headings are God , soul , bond , grace , guru , methodology , enlightenment , bliss , mantra and liberation - correspond to Umapthis work , Tiruvarutpayan .
 Tirumurai kanda puranam is another anthology for Tirumurai as a whole , but primarily focuses on The Tevaram .
 It is the first of the works to refer the collection of volumes as Tirumurai , the holy book .
 There is strong dose of anti-Jain polemic in The Tevaram poetry of Campantar .
 The Saiva saints considered the Jain monks as The Saiva saints primary competitors for royal and social patronage , and tried to use pejorative characterisation to diminish Jainism .
 According to Aiyangar , Manickavasagars Tiruvackam partakes the characters of Tevaram hymners before Manickavasagars Tiruvackam and express more intense form of devotion .
 The fervor of the appeals to God by the Tamils , the appeals to God by the Tamils do not find clear expression in other part of India
Dhatuvardani is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Dhatuvardani is the 69th Melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 It is called Dhautapanchamam in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
 Dhatuvardani is the 3rd ragam in the 12th chakra Aditya .
The mnemonic name is Aditya-Go .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ru gu mi pa dha nu .
Dhatuvardanis structure is as follows : .
The notes used in this scale are shatsruthi rishabham , antara gandharam , prati madhyamam , shuddha dhaivatham and kakali nishadham .
 As Dhatuvardani is a melakarta ragam , by definition it is a sampurna ragam .
It is the prati madhyamam equivalent of Gangeyabhushani , which is the 33rd melakarta .
 A few minor janya ragams are associated with Dhatuvardani .
See List of Janya Ragams for full list of ragams associated with Dhatuvardani and other 71 melakarta ragams .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Dhatuvardanis notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields Gayakapriya , a minor melakarta ragam .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Gayakapriya
Tanjore Ranganathan was a Carnatic musician specializing in percussion instruments , particularly the mridangam .
 Tanjore Ranganathan began performing professionally in 1938 .
 At the California Institute of the Arts and Wesleyan University Tanjore Ranganathan taught many non-Indians Carnatic music , including Robert E. Brown , John Bergamo , Jon B. Higgins , Douglas Knight , David Nelson , Royal Hartigan , David Moss , Glenn Rusty Gillette , and Craig Woodson .
 Tanjore Ranganathan began teaching at Wesleyan in 1963 , becoming that universitys first Artist in Residence in Music .
 Ranganathans brother was the Carnatic flute player and vocalist T. Viswanathan .
The two recorded the music for the Satyajit Ray documentary film Bala , about their sister , the bharatanatyam dancer Balasaraswati .
 The American composer Henry Cowell composed the Mridangam part in The American composer Henry Cowell Madras Symphony especially for T. Ranganathan .
 Tanjore Ranganathan died after a long illness , at the age of 62 .
 Tanjore Ranganathan was survived by Tanjore Ranganathan wife Edwina , and sons Suddhama and Arun
Ghatam Giridhar Udupa is a ghatam player from India .
 Ghatam Giridhar Udupa is the son of Mridangam Vidwan Vidwan Ullur Nagendra Udupa , who taught Ghatam Giridhar Udupa such instruments as Mridangam , Kanjira , and Ghatam Giridhar Udupa .
 Later Ghatam Giridhar Udupa became a student of Vidhushi Ghatam Sukanya Ramgopal and Vidwan Ghatam V.Suresh .
 Ghatam Giridhar Udupa also performs Konnakol .
 Ghatam Giridhar Udupa holds a graduate degree for commerce from Bangalore University .
 Ghatam Giridhar Udupa has accompanied artists of different syles of music , including Sarvashree Dr. L. Subramaniam , Dr. M.Balamuralikrishna , M. S. Gopalakrishnan , R. K. Srikantan , T. N. Krishnan , T. K. Murthy , Palghat Raghu , Umayalpuram K. Sivaraman , A.K.Palanivel , Ganesh and Jayanthi Kumaresh , Mysore Nagaraj & Mysore Manjunath , Mandolin Srinivas , N.Ramani , K. J. Yesudas , R. K. Padmanabha , T. V. Gopalakrishnan , T.V. Sankaranarayanan , Madhurai T.N. Seshagopalan , Trichur V. Ramachandran , Jayanthi Kumaresh , R.K. Suryanarayana , Sudha Raghunathan and others .
 Ghatam Giridhar Udupa has undertook several overseas musical tours , since 1998
Chakravakam or Chakravaham is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Chakravaham is the 16th Melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system .
According to the Muthuswami Dikshitar school , this ragam is called Toyavegavahini .
 Chakravakam is close to Raga Ahir bhairav in Hindustani music .
 Chakravakam is a raga that is known to incite feelings of devotion , sympathy and compassion in the listeners .
 the 4th melakarta in the 3rd chakra Agni is the 4th melakarta in the 3rd chakra Agni .
The mnemonic name is Agni-Bhu .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ra gu ma pa dhi ni .
 The mnemonic phrase structure is as follows : .
The notes in this scale are shadjam , shuddha rishabham , anthara gandharam , shuddha madhyamam , panchamam , chathusruthi dhaivatham and kaisiki nishadham .
 the Shadjam is a sampoorna ragam - ragam having all 7 swarams .
 the Shadjam is the suddha madhyamam equivalent of Ramapriya , which is the 52nd melakarta .
 Toyavegavahini is the 16th Melakarta in the original list compiled by Venkatamakhin .
The notes used in the scale are the same and the ascending scale and descending scale are same .
 Chakravakam has quite a few janya ragams associated with it , of which Bindumalini , Malayamarutam and Valaji are popular .
 See List of Janya Ragas for a full list of Chakravakam janyas .
Etula Brotuvo teliya and Sugunamule by Thyagaraja , Kanakkankoti vendum by Koteeswara Iyer are also sung in concerts .
 Gajananayutham is a popular composition in Toyavegavahini , by the maestro Muthuswami Dikshitar , which is sung in a brisk tempo , unlike other compositions set to Chakravakam .
 There are a number of popular compositions in Raga Ahir bhairav , one of the most well known ones being Pibare Ramarasam in Sanskrit , by Sadasiva Brahmendra .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Chakravakams notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 2 other major melakarta ragams , namely , Sarasangi and Dharmavati .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the Shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 For an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Dharmavati
Chakra Tanam is one of the styles of tanam singing in Carnatic Classical Music tradition .
 Chakra Tanam owes Chakra Tanam name to the circular or cyclic approach adopted by the performer .
 Tanam singing Chakra Tanam is regarded as a dying art today with musicians not having the patience or the aptitude to take up such scholarly rigorous pursuits .
Subba Iyer of Chembai village , who lived in the early 19th Century and was a contemporary of the Carnatic Music Trinity and Maharaja Swathi Thirunal , was such a famed exponent of Chakra Tanam that he came to be popularly called Chakratanam Subba Iyer .
 Chakra Tanam is an almost extinct style of Tanam singing , Chakra Tanam last major exponent being Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar , the great-grandson of Chakratanam Subbaiyer .
 Another exponent of the style was Shadkala Govinda Marar , who was known as Chakra Tanam Govinda Maram because of Shadkala Govinda Marar the Tanam
Sikkil Kunjumani , the elder of the sisters , was born on June 15 , 1930 and Sikkil Neela , the younger was born on September 6 , 1940 .
Together they are more famously known as the Sikkil Sisters .
Their father Azhiyur Natesa Iyer was a mridangist .
 Kunjumani started learning music from Sikkil Neela father initially and then learnt flute from Sikkil Neela maternal uncle Azhiyur Narayanaswami Iyer .
 Sikkil Neela learnt flute from Sikkil Neela sister Kunjamani .
 Kunjamani , began giving concerts from the age of nine and Neela from the age of seven .
Sikkil Sisters have been giving concerts together since 1962 .
 the Sikkil Sisters are top artistes of the All India Radio and the Sikkil Sisters have been giving hundreds of performances at all the sabhas , television and elsewhere , both within India and abroad .
The sisters blend the tone and play on their flutes and the merger is total and the effect remarkable .
They are known for the chaste , orthodox style in rendering raga , kriti and swara .
Sikkil Kunjumani died on November 13 , 2010 , in Chennai , aged 83 and her sister is alive .
 Sikkil Mala Chandrasekar , the daughter of Sikkil Neela is following Sikkil Mala Chandrasekar mothers footprints as flautist
Carnatic music is a system of music commonly associated with the southern part of the Indian subcontinent , with its area roughly confined to four modern states of India : Andhra Pradesh , Karnataka , Kerala , and Tamil Nadu .
It is one of two main sub-genres of Indian classical music that evolved from ancient Hindu traditions ; the other sub-genre being Hindustani music , which emerged as a distinct form because of Persian and Islamic influences in North India .
 The main emphasis in Carnatic Music music is on vocal music ; most compositions are written to be sung , and even when played on instruments , Persian and Islamic are meant to be performed in gayaki style .
 Although there are stylistic differences , the basic elements of , , , and form the foundation of improvisation and composition in both Carnatic Music and Hindustani music .
Although improvisation plays an important role , Carnatic music is mainly sung through compositions , especially the kriti - a form developed between the 14th and 20th centuries by composers such as Purandara Dasa and the Trinity of Carnatic music .
Carnatic music is also usually taught and learnt through compositions .
Carnatic music is usually performed by a small ensemble of musicians , consisting of a principal performer , a melodic accompaniment , a rhythm accompaniment , and a tambura , which acts as a drone throughout the performance .
 Other typical instruments used in Performances may include the ghatam , kanjira , morsing , venu flute , veena , and chitraveena .
 The most outstanding performances , and the greatest concentration of Carnatic Music musicians , are found in the city of Chennai .
 Various festivals are held throughout India and abroad which mainly consist of Carnatic Music music performances , like the Madras Music Season , which has been considered as one of the worlds largest cultural events .
Like all art forms in Indian culture , Indian classical music is believed to be a divine art form which originated from the Devas and Devis , and is venerated as symbolic of .
Ancient treatises also describe the connection of the origin of the swaras , or notes , to the sounds of animals and birds and mans effort to simulate these sounds through a keen sense of observation and perception .
The Sama Veda , which is believed to have laid the foundation for Indian classical music , consists of hymns from the Rigveda , set to musical tunes which would be sung using three to seven musical notes during Vedic yajnas .
The Yajur-Veda , which mainly consists of sacrificial formulae , mentions the veena as an accompaniment to vocal recitations .
References to Indian classical music are made in many ancient texts , including epics like the Ramayana and Mahabharata .
The Yajnavalkya Smriti mentions vinavadana tattvajnah srutijativisaradah talajnascaprayasena moksamargam niyacchati .
Carnatic music is based as it is today on musical concepts that were described in detail in several ancient works , particularly the Silappadhikaram by Ilango Adigal , and Bharata s Natya Shastra .
 Owing to Persian and Islamic influences in North India from the 12th century onwards , Indian classical music began to diverge into two distinct styles , being Hindustani music and Carnatic music .
Commentaries and other works , such as Sharngadeva s Sangita Ratnakara , further elaborated on the musical concepts found in Indian classical music .
 By the 16th and 17th centuries , there was a clear demarcation between Carnatic Music and Hindustani music ; Carnatic music remained relatively unaffected by Persian and Arabic influences .
 It was at this time that Carnatic Music music flourished in Vijayanagara , while the Vijayanagar Empire reached the Vijayanagar Empire greatest extent .
 Purandara Dasa , who is known as the father of Carnatic Music , formulated the system that is commonly used for the teaching of Carnatic Music music .
Venkatamakhin invented and authored the formula for the melakarta system of raga classification in his Sanskrit work , the Chaturdandi Prakasika .
Govindacharya is known for expanding the melakarta system into the sampoorna raga scheme - the system that is in common use today .
Carnatic music was mainly patronized by the local kings of the Kingdom of Mysore and Kingdom of Travancore in the 18th through 20th centuries .
 The royalty of the kingdoms of Mysore and Travancore were noted composers and proficient in playing musical instruments , such as the veena , rudra veena , violin , ghatam , flute , mridangam , nagaswara and swarabhat .
Some famous court-musicians and royalty proficient in music were Veene Sheshanna and Veene Subbanna , among others .
With the dissolution of the erstwhile princely states and the Indian independence movement reaching its conclusion in 1947 , Carnatic music went through a radical shift in patronage into an art of the masses with ticketed performances organized by private institutions called sabhas .
 During the 19th century , the city of Chennai emerged as the locus for Carnatic music .
 The main emphasis in Carnatic Music music is on vocal music ; most compositions are written to be sung , and even when played on instruments , they are meant to be performed in a singing style .
 Like Hindustani music , Carnatic music rests on two main elements : , the modes or melodic formulae , and , the rhythmic cycles .
Today , Carnatic music is presented by musicians in concerts or recordings , either vocally or through instruments .
Carnatic music itself developed around musical works or compositions of phenomenal composers .
Sruti commonly refers to musical pitch .
It is the approximate equivalent of a tonic in Western music ; it is the note from which all the others are derived .
It is also used in the sense of graded pitches in an octave .
 While there are an infinite number of sounds falling within a scale in Carnatic Music music , the number that can be distinguished by auditory perception is twenty-two .
In this sense , while sruti is determined by auditory perception , it is also an expression in the listeners mind .
Swara refers to a type of musical sound that is a single note , which defines a relative position of a note , rather than a defined frequency .
 Swaras also refer to the solfege of Carnatic Music music , which consist of seven notes , sa-ri-ga-ma-pa-da-ni .
These names are abbreviations of the longer names shadja , rishabha , gandhara , madhyama , panchama , dhaivata and nishada .
Unlike other music systems , every member of the solfege has three variants .
The exceptions are the drone notes , shadja and panchama , which have only one form ; and madhyama , which has two forms .
A 7th century stone inscription in Kudumiyan Malai in Tamil Nadu shows vowel changes to solfege symbols with ra , ri , ru etc. to denote the higher quarter-tones .
In one scale , or raga , there is usually only one variant of each note present .
The exceptions exist in light ragas , in which , for artistic effect , there may be two , one ascending and another descending .
 A raga in Carnatic Music music prescribes a set of rules for building a melody - very similar to the Western concept of mode .
 Carnatic Music specifies rules for movements up and down , the scale of which notes should figure more and which notes should be used more sparingly , which notes may be sung with gamaka , which phrases should be used or avoided , and so on .
In effect , it is a series of obligatory musical events which must be observed , either absolutely or with a particular frequency .
 In Carnatic Music music , the sampoorna ragas are classified into a system called the melakarta , which groups them according to the kinds of notes that they have .
There are seventy-two melakarta ragas , thirty six of whose madhyama is sadharana , the remaining thirty-six of whose madhyama is prati .
The ragas are grouped into sets of six , called chakras grouped according to the supertonic and mediant scale degrees .
There is a system known as the katapayadi sankhya to determine the names of melakarta ragas .
Ragas may be divided into two classes : janaka ragas and janya ragas .
Janya ragas are themselves subclassified into various categories .
Tala refers to a fixed time cycle or metre , set for a particular composition , which is built from groupings of beats .
Talas have cycles of a defined number of beats and rarely change within a song .
They have specific components , which in combinations can give rise to the variety to exist , allowing different compositions to have different rhythms .
 Carnatic music singers usually keep the beat by moving Carnatic music singers hands up and down in specified patterns , and using Carnatic music singers fingers simultaneously to keep time .
 Tala is formed with three basic parts which are laghu , dhrtam , and anudhrtam , though complex talas may have other parts like plutam , guru , and kaakapaadam .
There are seven basic tala groups which can be formed from the laghu , dhrtam , and anudhrtam : .
A laghu has five variants based on the counting pattern .
Five jaathis times seven tala groups gives thirty-five basic talas , although use of other angas results in a total of 108 talas .
Improvisation in raga is the soul of Indian classical music - an essential aspect .
 Manodharma Sangeetam or kalpana Sangeetam as Manodharma Sangeetam is known in Carnatic Music music , embraces several varieties of improvisation .
 The main traditional forms of improvisation in Carnatic Music music consist of the following .
An alapana , sometimes also called ragam , is the exposition of a raga or tone - a slow improvisation with no rhythm , where the raga acts as the basis of embellishment .
In performing alapana , performers consider each raga as an object that has beginnings and endings and consists somehow of sequences of thought .
 The performer will explore the ragam and touch on Ragam various nuances , singing in the lower octaves first , then gradually moving up to higher octaves , while giving a hint of the song to be performed .
Theoretically , this ought to be the easiest type of improvisation , since the rules are so few , but in fact , it takes much skill to sing a pleasing , comprehensive and , most importantly , original raga alapana .
Niraval , usually performed by the more advanced performers , consists of singing one or two lines of text of a song repeatedly , but with a series of melodic improvised elaborations .
Although niraval consists of extempore melodic variations , generally , the original patterns of duration are maintained ; each word in the lines of text stay set within their original place in the tala cycle .
The lines are then also played at different levels of speed which can include double speed , triple speed , quadruple speed and even sextuple speed .
The improvised elaborations are made with a view of outlining the raga , the tempo , and the theme of the composition .
Kalpanaswaram , also known as swarakalpana , consists of improvising melodic and rhythmic passages using swaras .
 Like niraval , Kalpanaswaras are sung to end on a particular swara in the raga of the melody and at a specific place in the tala cycle .
Kalpanaswaras have a somewhat predictable rhythmical structure ; the swaras are sung to end on the samam .
The swaras can also be sung at the same speed or double the speed of the melody that is being sung , though some artists sing triple-speed phrases too .
Kalpanaswaram is the most elementary type of improvisation , usually taught before any other form of improvisation .
Tanam is one of the most important forms of improvisation , and is integral to Ragam Tanam Pallavi .
Originally developed for the veena , it consists of expanding the raga with syllables like tha , nam , thom , aa , nom , na , etc. .
 Ragam , Tanam , and Ragam Tanam Pallavi are the principal long form in concerts , and is a composite form of improvisation .
As the name suggests , it consists of raga alapana , tanam , and a pallavi line .
Set to a slow-paced tala , the pallavi line is often composed by the performer .
Through niraval , the performer manipulates the pallavi line in complex melodic and rhythmic ways .
The niraval is followed by kalpanaswarams .
Tani Avartanam refers to the extended solo that is played by the percussionists in a concert , and is usually played after the main composition in a concert .
 The percussionist displays the full range of The percussionist skills and rhythmic imagination during the solo , which may take from two to twenty minutes .
 In contrast to Hindustani music of the northern part of India , Carnatic music is taught and learned through compositions , which encode many intricate musical details , also providing scope for free improvisation .
 Nearly every rendition of a Carnatic Music music composition is different and unique as it embodies elements of the composers vision , as well as the musicians interpretation .
 A Carnatic Music composition really has two elements , one being the musical element , the other being what is conveyed in the composition .
It is probably because of this fact that most Carnatic music compositions are composed for singing .
In addition to the rich musical experience , each composition brings out the knowledge and personality of the composer , and hence the words are as important as the musical element itself .
This poses a special challenge for the musicians because rendering this music does not involve just playing or singing the correct musical notes ; the musicians are expected to understand what was conveyed by the composer in various languages , and sing musical phrases that act to create the effect that was intended by the composer in his/her composition .
Geethams and swarajatis are principally meant to serve as basic learning exercises .
 Compositions more commonly associated with Indian classical dance and Indian devotional music have also been increasingly used in the Carnatic Music music repertoire .
The performance of the Sanskrit sloka , Tamil viruttam and Telegu padyamu or sisapadya forms are particularly unique .
Though these forms consist of lyric-based verses , musicians improvise raga phrases in free rhythm , like an alapana , so both the sound value , and the meaning of the text , guide the musician through elaborate melodic improvisations .
Forms such as the divya prabandham , thevaram and ugabhoga are often performed similarly , however , these forms can also have a set melody and rhythm like the devaranama , javali , padam , thillana and thiruppugazh forms .
 The most common and significant forms in Carnatic Music music are the varnam and the kriti .
Varnams are short metric pieces which encapsulate the main features and requirements of a raga .
The features and rules of the raga include how each note of the raga should be stressed , the scale of the raga , and so on .
All varnams consist of lyrics , as well as swara passages , including a pallavi , an anupallavi , muktayi swaras , a charanam , and chittaswaras .
 Known for their complex structure , varnams are a fundamental form in Carnatic Music music .
 Varnams are practised as vocal exercises in multiple speeds by performers of Carnatic Music music , to help develop voice culture , and maintain proper pitch and control of rhythm .
 In Carnatic Music music concerts , varnams are often performed by musicians as the opening item - acting as a warm up for the musicians , and as a means of grabbing the attention of the audience .
Carnatic songs are varied in structure and style , but generally consist of three units : .
This kind of song is called a keerthanam or a kriti .
There are other possible structures for a kriti , which may in addition include swara passages named chittaswara .
A chittaswara consists only of notes , and has no words .
Still others have a verse at the end of the charana , called the madhyamakala .
It is sung immediately after the charana , but at double speed .
 There are many composers in Carnatic Music music .
 Purandara Dasa is renowned as the father of Carnatic Music music for formulating the basic lessons of , and his contributions to Carnatic Music music .
He structured graded exercises known as Swaravalis and Alankaras , and at the same time , introduced the Raga Mayamalavagowla as the first scale to be learnt by beginners .
He also composed Gitas for novice students .
 The contemporaries Tyagaraja , Muthuswami Dikshitar , and Syama Sastri , are regarded as the Trinity of Carnatic Music music because of the quality of Syama Sastri s compositions , the varieties of compositions of Muthuswami Dikshitar , and Tyagaraja s prolific output in composing kritis .
 Prominent composers prior to the Trinity of Carnatic Music music include Arunachala Kavi , Annamacharya , Narayana Theertha , Vijaya Dasa , Jagannatha Dasa , Gopala Dasa , Bhadrachala Ramadas , Sadasiva Brahmendra and Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi .
Other composers are Swathi Thirunal , Gopalakrishna Bharathi , Neelakanta Sivan , Patnam Subramania Iyer , Mysore Vasudevachar , Koteeswara Iyer , Muthiah Bhagavathar , Subramania Bharathiyar and Papanasam Sivan .
The compositions of these composers are rendered frequently by artists of today .
 Composers of Carnatic Music music were often inspired by religious devotion and were usually scholars proficient in one or more of the languages Kannada , Malayalam , Sanskrit , Tamil , or Telugu .
They usually included a signature , called a mudra , in their compositions .
 For example , all songs by Tyagaraja have the word Tyagaraja in them , all songs by Muthuswami Dikshitar have the words Guruguha in them ; songs by Syama Sastri have the words Syama Krishna in them ; while Purandaradasa , who composed in Kannada , used the signature Purandara Vittala .
 Gopalakrishna Bharathi used the signature Gopalakrishnan and composed in Tamil .
 Papanasam Sivan , who has been hailed as the Tamil Tyagaraja of Carnatic music , also composed in this language , as well as Sanskrit , used the signature Ramadasan .
Carnatic music is traditionally taught according to the system formulated by Purandara Dasa .
This involves varisais , alankaras , geetams or simple songs , and Swarajatis .
After the student has reached a certain standard , varnams are taught and later , the student learns kritis .
It typically takes several years of learning before a student is adept enough to perform at a concert .
The learning texts and exercises are more or less uniform across all the South Indian states .
The learning structure is arranged in increasing order of complexity .
The lessons start with the learning of the sarali varisai .
Carnatic music was traditionally taught in the gurukula system , where the student lived with and learnt the art from his guru .
From the late 20th century onwards , with changes in lifestyles and need for young music aspirants to simultaneously pursue a parallel academic career , this system has found few takers .
Musicians often take great pride in letting people know about their Guru Parampara , or the hierarchy of disciples from some prominent ancient musician or composer , to which they belong .
 People whose disciple-hierarchies are often referred to are Tyagaraja , Muthuswami Dikshitar , Syama Sastri , Swathi Thirunal and Papanasam Sivan , among others .
In modern times , it is common for students to visit their gurus daily or weekly to learn music .
Though new technology has made learning easier with the availability of quick-learn media such as learning exercises recorded on audio cassettes and CDs , these are discouraged by most gurus who emphasize that face-to-face learning is best for students .
Notation is not a new concept in Indian music .
However , Carnatic music continued to be transmitted orally for centuries without being written down .
The disadvantage with this system was that if one wanted to learn about a kriti composed , for example , by Purandara Dasa , it involved the difficult task of finding a person from Purandara Dasas lineage of students .
 Written notation of Carnatic Music music was revived in the late 17th century and early 18th century , which coincided with rule of Shahaji II in Tanjore .
 Copies of Shahajis musical manuscripts are still available at the Saraswati Mahal Library in Tanjore and Shahajis give us an idea of the music and Hindustani music form .
 Shahajis contain snippets of solfege to be used when performing the mentioned ragas .
 Unlike classical Western music , Carnatic music is notated almost exclusively in tonic sol-fa notation using either a Roman or Indic script to represent the solfa names .
Past attempts to use the staff notation have mostly failed .
 Indian music makes use of hundreds of ragas , many more than the church modes in Western music .
 It becomes difficult to write Carnatic Music music using the staff notation without the use of too many accidentals .
Furthermore , the staff notation requires that the song be played in a certain key .
 The notions of key and absolute pitch are deeply rooted in Western music , whereas the Carnatic Music notation does not specify the key and prefers to use scale degrees to denote notes .
The singer is free to choose the actual pitch of the tonic note .
 In the more precise forms of Carnatic Music notation , there are symbols placed above the notes indicating how the notes should be played or sung ; however , informally this practice is not followed .
To show the length of a note , several devices are used .
If the duration of note is to be doubled , the letter is either capitalized or lengthened by a diacritic .
For a duration of three , the letter is capitalized and followed by a comma .
For a length of four , the letter is capitalized and then followed by a semicolon .
In this way any duration can be indicated using a series of semicolons and commas .
However , a simpler notation has evolved which does not use semicolons and capitalization , but rather indicates all extensions of notes using a corresponding number of commas .
Thus , Sa quadrupled in length would be denoted as S , , .
The notation is divided into columns , depending on the structure of the talam .
The division between a laghu and a dhrutam is indicated by a / , called a danda , and so is the division between two dhrutams or a dhrutam and an anudhrutam .
The end of a cycle is marked by a / / , called a double danda , and looks like a caesura .
Carnatic music is usually performed by a small ensemble of musicians , who sit on an elevated stage .
This usually consists of , at least , a principal performer , a melodic accompaniment , a rhythm accompaniment , and a drone .
 This usually consists of , at least , a principal performer , a melodic accompaniment , a rhythm accompaniment , and a drone .
The tambura is the traditional drone instrument used in concerts .
However , tamburas are increasingly being replaced by sruti boxes , and now more commonly , the electronic tambura .
 The drone itself is an integral part of Performances and furnishes stability - the equivalent of harmony in Western music .
Performances can be musical or musical-dramatic .
Musical recitals are either vocal , or purely instrumental in nature , while musical-dramatic recitals refer to Harikatha .
 But irrespective of what type of recital Harikatha is , what is featured are compositions which form the core of this genre of music .
In a vocal recital , a concert team may have one or more vocalists as the principal performer .
Instruments , such as the Saraswati veena and/or venu flute , can be occasionally found as a rhythmic accompaniment , but usually , a vocalist is supported by a violin player .
The rhythm accompanist is usually a mridangam player .
However , other percussion instruments such as the ghatam , kanjira and morsing frequently also accompany the main percussion instrument and play in an almost contrapuntal fashion along with the beats .
The objective of the accompanying instruments is far more than following the melody and keeping the beats .
The accompaniments form an integral part of every composition presented , and they closely follow and augment the melodic phrases outlined by the lead singer .
The vocalist and the violinist take turns while elaborating or while exhibiting creativity in sections like raga , niraval and kalpanaswaram .
 Unlike Hindustani music concerts , where an accompanying tabla player can keep beats without following the musical phrases at times , in Carnatic Music music , the accompanists have to follow the intricacies of the composition since there are percussion elements such as eduppu in several compositions .
Some concerts feature a good bit of interaction with the lead musicians and accompanists exchanging notes , and accompanying musicians predicting the lead singers musical phrases .
A contemporary Carnatic music concert usually lasts about three hours , and comprises a number of varied compositions .
Carnatic songs are composed in a particular raga , which means that they do not deviate from the notes in the raga .
Each composition is set with specific notes and beats , but performers improvise extensively .
Improvisation occurs in the melody of the composition as well as in using the notes to expound the beauty of the raga .
Concerts usually begin with a varnam or an invocatory item which will act as the opening piece .
The varnam is composed with an emphasis on swaras of the raga , but will also have lyrics , the saahityam .
It is lively and fast to get the audiences attention .
An invocatory item may usually follow the varnam .
After the varnam and/or invocatory item , the artist sings longer compositions called kirtanas .
Each kriti sticks to one specific raga , although some are composed with more than one raga ; these are known as ragamalika .
After singing the opening kriti , usually , the performer sings the kalpanaswaram of the raga to the beat .
The performer must improvise a string of swaras in any octave according to the rules of the raga and return to beginning of the cycle of beats smoothly , joining the swaras with a phrase selected from the kriti .
The violin performs these alternately with the main performer .
In very long strings of swara , the performers must calculate their notes accurately to ensure that they stick to the raga , have no awkward pauses or lapses in the beat of the song , and create a complex pattern of notes that a knowledgeable audience can follow .
Performers then begin the main compositions with a section called raga alapana exploring the raga .
In this , they use the sounds aa , ri , na , ta , etc. instead of swaras to slowly elaborate the notes and flow of the raga .
This begins slowly and builds to a crescendo , and finally establishes a complicated exposition of the raga that shows the performers skill .
All of this is done without any rhythmic accompaniment , or beat .
Then the melodic accompaniment , expounds the raga .
 Experienced listeners can identify many ragas after Experienced listeners hear just a few notes .
With the raga thus established , the song begins , usually with lyrics .
In this , the accompaniment performs along with the main performer and the percussion .
In the next stage of the song , they may sing niraval or kalpanaswaram again .
In most concerts , the main item will at least have a section at the end of the item , for the percussion to perform solo .
 The percussion artists perform complex patterns of rhythm and display The percussion artists skill .
 If multiple percussion instruments are employed , The percussion artists engage in a rhythmic dialogue until the main performer picks up the melody once again .
 Some experienced artists may follow the main piece with a ragam thanam pallavi mid-concert , if Some experienced artists do not use it as the main item .
Following the main composition , the concert continues with shorter and lighter songs .
Some of the types of songs performed towards the end of the concerts are tillanas and thukkadas - bits of popular kritis or compositions requested by the audience .
Every concert that is the last of the day ends with a mangalam , a thankful prayer and conclusion to the musical event .
 The audience of a typical concert has a reasonable understanding of Carnatic Music music .
It is also typical to see the audience tapping out the tala in sync with the artists performance .
As and when the artist exhibits creativity , the audience acknowledge it by clapping their hands .
With experienced artists , towards the middle of the concert , requests start flowing in .
The artist usually sings the requests , and it helps in exhibiting the artists broad knowledge of the several thousand kritis that are in existence .
 Every December , the city of Chennai in India has the city of Chennai in India six week-long Music Season , which has been described as the worlds largest cultural event .
The Music Season was started in 1927 , to mark the opening of the Madras Music Academy .
 The Music Season used to be a traditional month-long Carnatic Music music festival , but since then it has also diversified into dance and drama , as well as non-Carnatic art forms .
Carnatic music artists often have to have had several years of intense training and practice before being qualified as musicians who can perform on stage .
Research shows that children receiving Carnatic classical musical training were in advantage for phonological awareness and verbal working memory along with enhanced pitch perception abilities .
It was also found that the children who had undergone longer duration of training showed better performance in these areas .
 Post-operative patients can ease Post-operative patients pain and reduce Post-operative patients dependence on pain-killers by listening to One of the famous Ragas of Carnatic music , Anandha Bhairavi
Andolika is a Carnatic raga , which is also sometimes written as Andholika .
This raga is a janya of the 22nd Melakarta raga Kharaharapriya .
This ragam is an asymmetric scale and is classified as an audava-audava ragam .
The notes in this scale are sadharna rishabham , shuddha madhyamam , panchamam , kaisiki nishadham in arohana and additional sadharana dhaivatam in avarohanam , in place of panchamam .
 From the 22nd Melakarta raga Kharaharapriya scale , the gandharam is removed in this scale and the rest are used in asymmetrical manner .
Since gandharam is removed this scale can also be considered a janya of 28th mela Harikambhoji scale , but since 22 comes ahead many prefer to use the association with Kharaharapriya .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam
Tirukodikaval Krishna Iyer was a Carnatic violinist who was very popular in the latter half of the 19th century .
 Tirukodikaval Krishna Iyer was the maternal uncle of the late Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer .
 Krishna Iyer had Tirukodikaval Krishna Iyer training first from Tirukodikaval Krishna Iyer father Kuppuswamy Iyer , and later under Kottavasal Venkatarama Iyer , a composer of Tana Varnams .
 Tirukodikaval Krishna Iyer violin recitals were marked with masterly touches , full of masculine grandeur .
A prodigy , he could play complicated pieces on a single string .
Known for his hard work , he was responsible for ushering in many new techniques to the art of violin playing .
He could produce ascending and descending glides with remarkable effect .
His was a musician among peers that included Maha Vaidyanatha Iyer , Patnam Subramaniam Iyer and Sarabha Sastri .
His stature and musicianship were such that he could dominate the performance while being an accompanist .
He had an awe inspiring and intimidating stature among the musicians of his day .
Krishna Iyer was also functioning as the Village Administrative Officer of Tirukodikaval .
 Citing Tirukodikaval Krishna Iyer musical career as coming in Tirukodikaval Krishna Iyer way of discharging Tirukodikaval Krishna Iyer official routines , the then revenue authorities removed Tirukodikaval Krishna Iyer from that post.Krishna Iyers appeals to the then Board of Revenue to reconsider the orders was not obliged by the Government .
 Krishna Iyer even produced evidence that the Government was fully aware of Tirukodikaval Krishna Iyer musical profession and that Tirukodikaval Krishna Iyer was requested to perform Tirukodikaval Krishna Iyer violin recital before Tirukodikaval Krishna Iyer Excellency the then Governor of Madras during Tirukodikaval Krishna Iyer camp at Vallam in Tanjore District.Subsequently one of his sons T K Srinivasa Iyer was appointed as the Village Administrative Officer
A morsing is a wind percussion instrument , mainly used in Rajasthan , in the Carnatic music of South India and in Sindh .
It can be categorized under lamellophones , which is in the category of plucked idiophones .
It consists of a metal ring in the shape of a horseshoe with two parallel forks which form the frame , and a metal tongue in the middle , between the forks , fixed to the ring at one end and free to vibrate at the other .
The metal tongue is bent at the free end in a plane perpendicular to the circular ring so that it can be struck and is made to vibrate .
This bent part is called the trigger .
 This bent part origin in South India , Rajasthan is not very clear though many myths and stories prevail .
 In South India , Rajasthan South India , Rajasthan is found mainly in South India , Rajasthan and also in some parts of Assam .
 In South India , South India , Rajasthan features in Carnatic concerts and percussion ensembles .
 In Rajasthan Rajasthan is called morchang and is used as percussion instrument in folk music .
The morsing is placed between the teeth and held firmly in the hand and is struck using the other hand to produce sound .
Movement of the players tongue , variations of the throat and blowing and sucking of air through the instrument produces different sounds or overtones .
The morsing is firmly held in the hand , the frame or the ring between the palm and the fingers usually in the left hand .
Care should be taken to see that the middle part or the metal tongue is not being touched when held idle .
Then the upper of the two parallel forks is gently pressed against the front upper teeth ; the lower fork , against the front lower teeth , so that the metal tongue will not contact the teeth when it moves .
The trigger is plucked with the tip of the index finger .
Sound is produced due to the vibration of the metal tongue of the morsing in the mouth and the throat cavity .
Movement of the players tongue with constant plucking can produce very fast patterns of sound .
By constricting the space in the mouth and throat many variations of sound can be produced .
The basic pitch of the instrument can be varied very little .
Significantly , the pitch of the instrument can only be reduced and not increased .
To reduce the pitch a little , bee-wax can be applied on the plucking end .
To increase the pitch , it can be filed , although this may damage the instrument .
As the morsing is played most of the time along with the mridangam , it is necessary to know the syllables or aural interpretation of what is played on mridangam .
It is important to know the aural representation of the ferns played on mridangam as it is being silently recited while playing the morsing .
This vocal art of reciting the syllables played on the mridangam is called konnakol .
But while playing on morsing you dont actually make sound of reciting the syllable but just move your tongue that way so that the air passages gets blocked and cleared in a pattern so as to produce the sound of the ferns .
It is essential to follow the mridangam and play the same ferns as far as possible , though it is difficult owing to the limitations of the instrument .
Glimpses of uniqueness and versatility of the morsing can be shown when accompanying singly for the song or during neraval or swara prastara .
The morsing is played as a shadow of the mridangam throughout the concert and the instruments capabilities should be exhibited when playing or accompanying alone or during Thani or talavadyas
Echampati Gayathri , popularly known as Veena Gayathri is a veena exponent of the traditional Carnatic music .
 Echampati Gayathri has been appointed by the Chief Minister of Tamilnadu , J.Jayalalithaa as the first Vice Chancellor of Tamilnadu Music and Fine Arts University in November , 2013 .
E.Gayathri is the recipient of Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 2002 , Kalaimamani award from Dr. M. G. R. on behalf of the Government of Tamil Nadu in 1984 and Lifetime Achievement Award from Rotary Club , Madras East in 2011 .
The Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu , J. Jayalalithaa , appointed E. Gayathri as Honorary Director of Tamil Nadu Government Music Colleges in Chennai , Thiruvaiyaru , Madurai and Coimbatore in 2011 .
E. Gayathri was born on 9 November 1959 to Kamala Aswathama , a veteran veena vidushi and late G. Aswathama , a popular film music director in the Telugu film industry .
 Echampati Gayathri father named Echampati Gayathri Gayathri Vasantha Shoba .
 Echampati Gayathri first trained under Echampati Gayathri parents and later on from Sangita Kalanidhi T. M. Thyagarajan , who was a renowned Carnatic vocalist and composer .
 Echampati Gayathri began Echampati Gayathri career at the age of 9 when Sri Parthasarathy Swami Sabha , Triplicane invited Echampati Gayathri to perform in their Saint Thyagaraja Festival in 1968 .
 Echampati Gayathri performance was a success in front of an audience of musicologists and music experts .
 Echampati Gayathri was instantly hailed as a child prodigy by none other than the well known musicologist , P. Sambamoorthy .
 Echampati Gayathri went on to receive innumerable awards and titles from reputed organisations in India and abroad .
 Echampati Gayathri has released many albums as a popular veena artiste in the audio field .
Appointed as Honorary Director of Tamil Nadu Government Music Colleges by the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu , J. Jayalalithaa in 2011
E. M. Subramaniam , is a Carnatic classical percussionist .
 E. M. Subramaniam was instructed in ghatam under the tutelage of E. M. Subramaniam father .
 E. M. Subramaniam has accompanied master percussionists including mridangam players such as Palghat Mani Iyer , Umayalpuram K. Sivaraman , and T. K. Murthy , and tabla players such as Alla Rakha Khan , Kishen Maharaj , and Zakir Hussain .
 E. M. Subramaniam has been a grade A ghatam artist of All India Radio for the past 40 years .
 E. M. Subramaniam was awarded the title of Kalaimamani in 2000 and recognized with a Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in ghatam in 2011 .
 E. M. Subramaniam style of playing is compact with great tonal quality .
E.M. Subramaniam has worked as a professor in Tamil Nadu Government music college
 Rose Muralikrishnan was born in Chennai , India .
 Her father was a lawyer and Her mother was a teacher .
 After completing Her secondary education , Rose Muralikrishnan received a Bachelors degree in South Indian Music Performance and Theory from Queen Marys College in Chennai .
 Her then received a Masters degree in Carnatic Music from the University of Madras .
 Her had Her initial training under Guru Anadavalli , and advanced training under the guidance of Suguna Varadhachari , Dr. N. Ramanathan , Culcutta Krishnamurthy , and also received an advanced performance techniques and training from Late legendary performer Dr. M. L. Vasanthakumari .
 Rose Muralikrishnan has performed numerous concerts around the world .
 Her has performed in the major Music festivals such as the Music Academy of the West , the Center for Jazz and World Music Festival , CSU San Marcos International Music Festival , UCSB s Day of Carnatic Music .
 Her has also performed in many prestigious theaters such as UCLAs Schonberg Hall , SDSUs Montezuma and Smith recital Hall , UCSDs Mandeville Theater USCs Annenberg Auditorium , UCLBs Carpenters Performing Arts Theater , UCSB , and the Salk Institute of San Diego .
 Her served the community through music performances and lectures demonstrations to promote Indian music and culture in the United States .
 Her community services also include educating South Asian as well as non-music major students and other members of the community through lectures and performances in venues such as Palomar College , CAL Poly Pomona colleges , UCLA , USC and several high schools , community colleges and temples .
 Rose Muralikrishnan was an adjunct professor of South Indian Music at the San Diego State University , USA in 1991 .
 South Indian worked as the Principal of the music school at the Santhome Communication Center , Madras , Chennai , India and South Indian performances are often broadcast on Indian Television and All India Radio .
 Before South Indian joined the center South Indian was a music instructor at the Jiddu Krishnamurthi Foundation , Rishi Valley School , Andhra Pradesh , Chennai , India .
 Rose Muralikrishnans production entitled Gayaka Vadhya Brundham was first presented in the United States at the Carpenter Performing Arts Center in June 1996 , reviving the 2000 year old traditional art called Vadhya Brundham of Chennai , India .
While she was a principal of the Music school at Santhome Communication Center she composed , directed , conducted and sang for music , dance drama and audio visual productions with several leading performers such as Dr. M. Balamuralikrishna and Sudha Raghunathan .
She composed music for several dance drama productions and worked with famous Nattuvanars such as Udupi Lakshminarayana , Adayar Lakshmanan and Dhananjayans .
Rose Muralikrishnan is working along with N. Muralikrishnan , and Amrithavarshini to develop Spring Nectar Academy , for teaching South Asian Fine Arts , Language Arts and Theater Arts .
Part of this academys approach is the ability to transmit lessons and learning opportunities via the Internet .
Sri Ganesha Samarpanam - Compositions of Lord Ganesha
Vasunthara Devi was an Indian film actress , trained Bharathanatyam dancer and carnatic singer .
Vasundhara Devi is the only Indian actress to have had an audience with the Pope of the Roman Catholic Church .
 Vasundhara Devi is the mother of popular Indian actress Vyjayanthimala .
 Vasundhara Devi was married to M. D. Raman and they divorced later .
 Vasundhara Devi daughter Vyjayanthimala was raised by popular Indian actress Vyjayanthimala husband and popular Indian actress Vyjayanthimala mother , Yadugiri Devi who later guided popular Indian actress Vyjayanthimala daughters career .
 popular Indian actress Vyjayanthimala and popular Indian actress Vyjayanthimala daughter Vyjayanthimala acted together in two films , Paigham and its Tamil remake Irumbu Thirai , which during the filming they both were not good in talking terms
Nithyasree Mahadevan , also previously referred to as S. Nithyashri , is an eminent Carnatic musician and playback singer for film songs in many Indian languages .
 Nithyasree Mahadevan has performed in all major sabhas in India and has presented S. Nithyashri concerts in many destinations around the world .
 S. Nithyashri has received multiple awards and honours , and has released more than 100 commercial albums .
 Nithyasree Mahadevan was born to Lalitha Sivakumar and I. Sivakumar .
 Lalitha Sivakumar paternal grandmother , D. K. Pattammal , .
 Her paternal grandmother mother , Lalitha Sivakumar , was Her mother , Lalitha Sivakumar first guru .
 Like Her mother , Lalitha Sivakumar mother , Nithyasree was also the disciple of D. K. Pattammal , and would accompany Her mother , Lalitha Sivakumar in concert .
 Her mother , Lalitha Sivakumar father , an accomplished mridangist and disciple of Her father father-in-law Palghat Mani Iyer , would constantly show Her father support and accompany Her mother , Lalitha Sivakumar when Her mother , Lalitha Sivakumar performed .
 Nithyasree Mahadevan has performed in all major sabhas all over India and has presented Her mother , Lalitha Sivakumar concerts in the United States of America , Canada , United Kingdom , Australia , United Arab Emirates , Germany , France , Singapore , Malaysia and various other destinations throughout the world .
Mahadevans maiden performance was titled best concert of the series .
 Mahadevans is an A.I.R .
Prize Winner and has been an A grade artist .
 Mahadevans has been awarded the Yuva Kala Bharathi title by Bharath Kalachar in 1994 , Innisai Maamani by Tamil Nadu Welfare Association , Kalaimamani by Tamil Nadu Government in 2000 , Isai Paeroli by Kartik Fine Arts in 2001 , and various other prestigious awards such as , Padma Sadhana , and Naada Kovida .
 Mahadevans has received Best Concert Award from The Music Academy during the music festivals a couple of times and has also performed for the Sangeeth Natak Academy twice in their International Music Festivals in Bombay and Hyderabad .
 Mahadevans has also received the Best Promising Artiste from Mohanam Music Club , and made a thematic album of compositions popularising the raga Mohanam .
 Mahadevans was awarded an honorary doctorate degree from Sathyabama University of Jeppiar in Chennai in late 2007 .
Mahadevans first Carnatic performance was for the Youth Association For Classical Music on 10 August 1987 .
The concert lasted 1 hour , and was scheduled between 6:00 pm and 7:00 pm .
Prominent Carnatic musicians that were present at the concert , included D. K. Pattammal , D. K. Jayaraman , Vijay Siva , R. K. Sriramkumar , as well as the chief guest at that concert , K. V. Narayanaswamy .
 Mahadevans first Carnatic performance has given numerous concerts consisting of only patriotic songs to commemorate the 50th year of Indian Independence , a few with D. K. Pattammal before Mahadevans first Carnatic performance grandmother stopped performing in public .
 D. K. Jayaraman and D. K. Pattammal were known for singing and popularising the compositions of Papanasam Sivan , having learnt D. K. Jayaraman and D. K. Pattammal directly from the composer himself .
 Nithyasree Mahadevan has continued this tradition .
 Papanasam Sivan has also given a lecture demonstration in Coimbatore for Manoranjitham on Papanasam Sivan - A Legend , and made two special thematic albums that solely contained Papanasam Sivan - A Legend compositions .
 Like D. K. Pattammal , Nithyasree Mahadevan has also popularised compositions of Gopalakrishna Bharathi .
 Gopalakrishna Bharathi presented a paper on the Life and Contribution of Gopalakrishna Bharathi for the Music Department of PSG College of Arts and Science , Coimbatore .
 Gopalakrishna Bharathi two thematic albums that solely consisted of his compositions have been very popular , both online and offline .
 Mahadevans commanding , high-pitched voice is well suited to various genres of music including Carnatic music , devotional music , as well as patriotic and popular songs .
 On 3 February 2013 , Mahadevans returned to Mahadevans on-stage performance soon after passing through a traumatic period in Mahadevans life .
 Mahadevans was led and accompanied by Mahadevans friend and veteran singer S. Sowmya .
 The performance was part of observing the Thyagaraja aradhana at the TTK auditorium of The Music the Sangeeth Natak Academy , Chennai .
 the Thyagaraja aradhana commenced the concert with Thyagarajas Telugu keerthana duDuku gala nannE dora koDuku .
 Mahadevans introduction to Tamil playback singing came when A.R. Rahman called Tamil to Panchathan Recording Inn , in The Music Academy , Chennai , for a voice test sometime in the 1990s .
 The output from Tamil visit was used for the song Kannodu Kanbadellam in the movie Jeans starring Aishwarya Rai and Prashanth .
This became particularly popular which resulted in many songs in the same combination like Minsara Kanna from Padayappa , Sowkiyama Kannae from Sangamam , and Manmatha Maasam from Parthale Paravasam .
 Some of Sowkiyama Kannae from Sangamam other songs include Kumbakonam Sandhayile from New , Oru Nadhi Oru Pournami from Samurai , Kana Kaangiren from Ananda Thandavam as well as Thaai Thindra Mannae from the film Aayirathil Oruvan
R. Vedavalli was born in Mannargudi , Tamil Nadu , India to Ramaswami Iyengar and Padmasani Ammal .
 R. Vedavallis talent for music was identified early on by Madurai Srirangam Iyengar , who brought the five year old a harmonium , and got Madurai Srirangam Iyengar started on vocal lessons .
 The family moved to Madras in a few years time , and R. Vedavalli came under the tutelage of Mudicondan Venkatarama Iyer .
 From a very young age , R. Vedavalli won several awards in prestigious competitions including All India Radios first prize for Classical Music and Light Classical Music , awarded by the President of India .
 In 2000 , The family received the Sangeetha Kalanidhi , which is considered the highest award in Carnatic music .
 The family is one of the few women to have received this honor .
 The family also received the Sangeetha Kalasikhamani award given by the Fine Arts Society , Chennai in 1995 .
 The family received a Central Government scholarship to specialize in Padams and Javalis with T.Muktha , and in Pallavis with Venkataramana Iyer .
 Though The family has performed since childhood , it was Ariyakudi Ramanuja Iyengar who advised The family to turn into a professional musician , when he heard The family sing as an 18 year old .
 The family has travelled throughout India and abroad in North America , South-East Asia , the Far East and the Gulf , giving concerts and lecture demonstrations .
 R. Vedavalli served in the Teachers College of Music of the Madras Music Academy for several years before becoming Professor of Vocal Music in the Government College of Music Adyar .
 The family has thus shared The family deep knowledge and extensive repertoire with numerous students at these institutions apart from training some privately .
 Among The family disciples today are accomplished performers , researchers , teachers and writers .
 The family is also trained in playing the veena , and has a good command over Sanskrit , Telugu , Kannada and Tamil , which helps The family sing with greater understanding or artha bhava .
 The family now lives in Society , Chennai in 1995 with .
 The family husband D. R. Santhanam , and mother Padmasani Ammal
Neyveli Santhanagopalan is an Indian Carnatic vocalist .
 Indian Carnatic has distinguished Indian Carnatic with numerous concerts worldwide , and is the recipient of many awards from music associations in India and overseas .
 Indian Carnatic is known for Indian Carnatic traditional and purist styles of rendering ragas , musical compositions and swaras .
 Currently , Neyveli Santhanagopalan acts as anchor for the Jaya TV program SaRiGaMaPa .
 the Jaya TV program SaRiGaMaPa is one of the comparatively young amongst Indian Carnatic vocal musicians and the Jaya TV program SaRiGaMaPa style is distinguished by the Jaya TV program SaRiGaMaPa adherence to strict raga interpretation , especially in the Jaya TV program SaRiGaMaPa rigorous manodharma and raga sancharams .
 This quality of the Jaya TV program SaRiGaMaPa is evident in the Jaya TV program SaRiGaMaPa deep mastery of neravals and lack of ostentation in ragam-tanam-pallavis .
 As a consequence , the Jaya TV program SaRiGaMaPa is often favorably compared by musical connoisseurs as following the more purist and academic vocal traditions of K. V. Narayanaswamy , Ramnad Krishnan and Nedunuri Krishnamurthy .
 the Jaya TV program SaRiGaMaPa conformity and respect for the traditional approach to carnatic vocal music is equally evident in the Jaya TV program SaRiGaMaPa orthodox manner of concert attire .
 Neyveli Santhanagopalan has been acknowledged as one of the most talented singers around , and the Jaya TV program SaRiGaMaPa emphasis on purity of nada and tone , and the Jaya TV program SaRiGaMaPa restrained and measured grasp of kritis is regarded well with the Indian Carnatic musical fraternity .
Being a thinking mans musician , his cerebral , methodical approach to raga delineation reflects his own growth in music .
 Neyveli Santhanagopalan also proficient in the Indian veena and percussion instruments , and has made contributions to the field of Indian Carnatic musicology , aided by Indian Carnatic being born into a musical family , and undergoing studentship and tutelage under such illustrious Carnatic musical vidwans such as Mr.Pradeep , Bharathy subrahmanyam , PVS Seshaian Shastry .
 Neyveli Santhanagopalan is a recipient of the Vani Kala Sudhakara of the Sri Thyaga Brahma Gana Sabha , and has also received awards and felicitations from Bharat Kalachar , Kartik Fine Arts , Tyaga Brahma Gana Sabha , and the Maharajapuram Viswanatha Iyer Foundation .
He is also the recipient of the title Vidhya Tapasvi from TAPAS Cultural Foundation in 2008 .
He is a regular and sought after performer during the December and January Madras Music Season , and his concerts have consistently sold out in such prestigious venues as Madras Music Academy , Krishna Gana Sabha , Mylapore Fine Arts , and Narada Gana Sabha .
He is , in addition , a Grade A artist with All India Radio and Doordarshan .
 In addition , Neyveli Santhanagopalan also regularly contributes to philanthropic causes as was evidenced by his collection from US Benefit concerts as part of the 2005 Tsunami Relief
Vishwambari is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 54th melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is called Vamshavati in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 6th ragam in the 9th chakra Brahma .
The mnemonic name is Brahma-Sha .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ra gu mi pa dhu nu .
 The mnemonic phrase structure is as follows : .
Shuddha rishabham , antara gandharam , prati madhyamam , shatsruthi dhaivatham and kakali nishadham are the notes used in this scale , other than shadjam and panchamam .
 As Vishwambari is a melakarta , by definition it is a sampoorna ragam .
It is the prati madhyamam equivalent of Hatakambari , which is the 18th melakarta scale .
 Vishwambari has a few minor janya ragams associated with it .
 See List of janya ragams for full list of ragams associated with Vishwambari .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Vishwambaris notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 2 other minor melakarta ragams , namely , Shamalangi and Ganamoorti .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Ganamoorti
Anita Ratnam is an accomplished Indian classical and contemporary dancer and choreographer , whose career spans four decades and in 15 countries .
 Classically trained in Bharat Natyam , Neo Bharat Natyam has also received formal training in Kathakali , Mohiniattam , and Tai chi and Kalarippayattu , thus creating a unique dance style which Neo Bharat Natyam has coined Neo Bharat Natyam .
 Neo Bharat Natyam is the founder-director of Arangham Trust , set up in 1992 in Chennai , here Neo Bharat Natyam also founded Arangham Dance Theatre , a performance company in 1993 and in 2000 Neo Bharat Natyam created www.narthaki.com , an Indian dance portal .
 Over the years , Neo Bharat Natyam has received numerous awards and recognition for Neo Bharat Natyam work in the performing arts in India 's and abroad as a choreographer , scholar and cultural activist .
 Anitha Rathnam had Neo Bharat Natyam initial dance training under Bharatanatyam guru , Adyar K. Lakshman and later went to Rukmini Devi Arundale s Kalakshetra for advanced training and earned a Post graduate diploma in Dance .
 Neo Bharat Natyam trained in Bharatanatyam as well as Kathakali and Mohiniattam , the classical dances of Kerala .
 Neo Bharat Natyam did Neo Bharat Natyam MA in Theatre and Television from the University of New Orleans , and spent the next ten years as a Television Producer/commentator in the United States with productions including a weekly series on art , travel and culture in India 's .
 Neo Bharat Natyam set up Arangham Trust , set up in 1992 in Chennai , followed by Arangham Dance Theatre , a performance company in 1993 .
 A modernist , passionately convinced about creating from Neo Bharat Natyam immediate environment , Anitha Ratnam has explored various streams of movement and ritual traditions connected with Neo Bharat Natyam initial training in classical Bharatanatyam .
 Ensemble and solo works that echo Neo Bharat Natyam strong Indian/Asian aesthetic of silence , meditation , devotion and adoration , Anita Ratnam uses her personal life experience and the .
full canvas of a woman 's world to paint her original dance-scapes .
Anita Ratnam is an emerging icon of modernist thought rooted in her Indian aesthetic and is a multiple award winning artiste in her country as well as a sought after speaker and writer on culture , performance and women 's imaging in society .
She founded www.narthaki.com , a portal for Indian dance ; co-founded and curated The Other Festival , India 's first annual contemporary dance festival .
Quoting about her inspiration and her works , she says : .
 I am in dance because this is I own way of connecting with I and the world .
 I consider I a contemporary classicist .
 All I ideas are from traditional sources , but they can also be from readings and from nature : a lotus flower floating in a small brass vessel , a child blowing soap bubbles , even a piece of paper flying in the wind gives I inspiration .
 The whole world of The ideas and a host of people and their mannerisms can all be suggested by a flicker of an eyelid , a flourish of the hand and the attitude of the body .
 The ideas come from many sources but I use them and put them together in I own style of dance , movement and theatre techniques .
 When people see I work , they can tell that her work in the performing arts in India is Indian in spirit but very contemporary in approach .
 Folk dancers and drummers who dance every evening after a hard days work in the fields , traditional temple performers whose lives depend upon serving GOD during important festivals , actors who fuse movement with voice culture , young performers and students all over the world who want to learn new movement and the dynamics of cultural memories embedded into our South Asian bloodstream - these are the artistes who are the focus of I work .
 I call I a cultural activist because I believe in I culture .
 I culture doesnt mean just the performing arts .
 To I My culture doesnt stands for finding out about I roots and knowing who I am .
And the classical arts are a very vital part of our culture .
In 2007 , she performed her solo operatic performance 7 Graces at Joyce SoHo , New York in collaboration with Hari Krishnan , a Canada-based dancer-choreographer .
 She has also appeared in some Tamil movies over the years , such as Kandukondain Kandukondain and Boys .
 Anita Ratnam has received several awards and recognition for her work in the performing arts in India 's and abroad
Bhavadhaarini Anantaraman is a Carnatic musician .
 Carnatic is a senior disciple of D. K. Pattammal .
 Carnatic has performed in all major sabhas in India and has presented Carnatic concerts in many destinations around the world .
 Carnatic has received multiple awards and honours and has released more than 50 commercial albums .
 Bhavadhaarini Anantaraman was born to Nalini Anantaraman and S.Anantaraman .
 Nalini Anantaraman mother was Her mother first guru .
Nalini Anantaraman was a vainika and a vocalist trained under D.K.Pattammal .
 Bhavadhaarini Anantaraman has performed in all major sabhas all over India and has presented Nalini Anantaraman concerts in the United States of America , Sri Lanka , Singapore , Nigeria and various other destinations throughout the world .
 Bhavadhaarini Anantaraman commanding voice is well suited to various genres of music including Carnatic music and devotional music
Mysore Sadasiva Rao was a composer of Carnatic music in the traditions of Tyagaraja .
 Mysore Sadasiva Rao was a prominent vocalist in the court of the king of Mysore , India .
 Mysore Sadasiva Rao is credited with developing the Mysore style of Carnatic music .
Sadasiva Rao was born in a Smartha Brahmin family .
 Mysore Sadasiva Rao had Mysore Sadasiva Rao musical training under Venkataramana Bhagavatar , a pupil of Tyagaraja .
 Mysore Sadasiva Rao was brought to the Mysore court by Mysore Sadasiva Rao patrons and introduced to the Mysore king Krishnaraja Wodeyar III .
 The king , impressed by Sadasivas singing , made the king of Mysore , India a court musician .
Sadasiva Rao has composed mostly in Telugu .
 Mysore Sadasiva Rao went on a pilgrimage of south Mysore , India and composed krithis at all the temples Mysore Sadasiva Rao visited .
 Some of Mysore Sadasiva Rao compositions are , Devadideva , Gangadhara Tripuraharana and Paramabhuta Maina .
Sadasiva Rao used the mudra Sadasiva
Geetha Rajashekar - is a prominent Carnatic singer from Chennai , Tamil Nadu India .
 Geetha Rajashekar is an All India Radio and Doordarshan artiste .
 Geetha Rajashekar is on the panel of artistes selected by the Indian Council for Cultural Relations , New Delhi .
 Geetha Rajashekar started learning Carnatic Music at an early age in New Delhi and continued to study under the teachers of repute to culminate Geetha Rajashekar tutelage under Sangeetha Kalanidhi Smt , D.K. Pattammal .
 Geetha Rajashekar has traveled extensively within Chennai , Tamil Nadu India and abroad for concerts in prestigious organizations .
 Geetha Rajashekar has been on concert tours to USA , Toronto Canada , Malaysia , Australia , Singapore , Dubai , Abu Dhabi and London .
 Reputed recording companies have released several of Geetha Rajashekar audio cassettes and CDs .
 several of her audio cassettes and CDs is the Founder Trustee of Ragalaya Trust , dedicated to the cause of Carnatic Music .
 Geetha Rajashekar currently shares Geetha Rajashekar extensive knowledge of Carnatic music with the next generation through Geetha Rajashekar school , Madhura Geetham in Chennai with a branch in Toronto Canada where Geetha Rajashekar goes on teaching assignments every year during summer .
Geetha Rajashekar also sits as an Visiting Guest Professor at Annamalai University Canada Campus .
 Geetha Rajashekar has been conferred the titles of Isai Maamani , Naadha Bhushani , Bala Rathna and most recently , Isai Selvam conferred by the honorable Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu .
Having given concerts in almost all prestigious Sabhas in the city including the Music Academy , she has several prizes to her credit from the Music Academy , Shri Krishna Gana Sabha , The Indian Fine Arts Society during their Annual Music Festivals .
 Geetha Rajashekar currently resides in Chennai , Tamil Nadu , India with Geetha Rajashekar husband and son
The Maddale is a percussion instrument from Karnataka , India .
 The Maddale is the primary rhythmic accompaniment in a Yakshagana ensemble along with Chande .
 The Maddale used in Yakshagana looks similar to mridangam but is markedly different in structure , acoustics , playing techniques and the rhythm system .
 Unlike Mrudangam or Tabla , The Maddale produces tonic when played either on rim or on ink .
 The traditional variety of The Maddale was 30 cm long , had 8 inch drum head and produced loud sound .
 The Maddale is available in more than three different variations .
Maddale belongs to mridangam family of drums and hence shares the history of similar drums .
Its drum head is similar to tabla and the drum itself is similar to pakhavaj .
Thus it is likely that maddale is a variation of pakhavaj and mrudangam .
Over the years , the Maddale evolved to be made of different kinds of wood and for higher octave , and today , its body is constructed from wood of the jackfruit tree among other woods like kakke , baine , hunaalu .
 Its use has evolved with the development of Yakshagana and Yakshaganic fingering and hand techniques have been developed .
Use of palm produces a sound that is somewhat a mixture of pakhawaj and mridangam .
The maddale is a double-sided drum whose body is usually made using a hollowed piece of jackfruit wood about half an inch thick .
This body is called Goodu .
The two open ends of the drum are covered with a goat skin leather and laced to each other with leather straps around the circumference of drum .
These straps stretched to tightly hold the drum heads on either side of the drum body , allowing them to resonate when struck .
Drum head on the left is slightly larger .
One side produces bass another treble .
The drum head is known as muchchige .
The bass drum head is known as the eda muchchige and the drum head is known as the bala muchchige .
The right drum head is similar to tabla drum head but differes slightly creating a major tonal difference .
 The Maddale unlike Mrudangam or Tabla produces tonic when playing on rim and on ink .
The left drum head produces lower pitched bass sounds .
The right drum head has a circular disk in the center called karne causing the drum to produce harmonic tones .
The left drum is smeared with a tuning paste made from ash and rice called bona , before performance to dampen the tone and to produce bass sound .
 The Maddale is tuned to the tonic of the Yakshagana singer before performance .
A wooden peg is sometimes used to tighten the leather straps .
To major strokes are called Gumpu and Chapu .
Playing on the rim is called Chapu this is used for tuning .
 Playing on the ink to produce a more resonating sound is called Gumpu
D. Srinivas , also known as Veena Srinivas is an Indian veena player of Carnatic music .
 D. Srinivas was born in Hyderabad , Andhra Pradesh , to Tulasi , a popular veena player .
 D. Srinivas travels extensively for D. Srinivas concerts .
 D. Srinivas gave D. Srinivas maiden concert at the age of 9 for All India Radio , Hyderabad .
Top grade Veena Artiste and received Ugadi Visishta puraskaram by the chief minister of Andhra Pradesh .
Performing Prestigious Veena concerts all over India and Abroad since 25 years
Kattassery Joseph Yesudas is an Indian classical musician and playback singer .
 Kattassery Joseph Yesudas sings Indian classical , devotional , and popular music .
 Kattassery Joseph Yesudas has recorded more than 50,000 songs in many languages including Malayalam , Tamil , Hindi , Kannada , Telugu , Bengali , Gujarati , Oriya , Marathi , Punjabi , Sanskrit , Tulu , Malay , Russian , Arabic , Latin and English during a career spanning five decades .
 Kattassery Joseph Yesudas has performed in most Indian languages except Assamese , Konkani and Kashmiri .
 Kattassery Joseph Yesudas also composed a number of Malayalam film songs in the 1970s and 1980s .
 Kattassery Joseph Yesudas is fondly called Gana Gandharvan .
 Kattassery Joseph Yesudas has won the National Award for the Best Male Playback Singer seven times and the State Award for the Best Playback Singer 43 times , which consists of awards by the state governments of Kerala State , Tamil Nadu , Andhra Pradesh , Karnataka , and West Bengal .
 Kattassery Joseph Yesudas was awarded Padma Shri in 1975 and Padma Bhushan in 2002 by the Government of India for Kattassery Joseph Yesudas contributions to the arts .
 In 2011 Kattassery Joseph Yesudas was honoured with the CNN-IBN outstanding achievement award having recorded over 50,000 songs in a five-decade career .
 In 2006 , Kattassery Joseph Yesudas sang 16 film songs in four South Indian languages on the same day at AVM Studio , Chennai .
K. J. Yesudas was born at Fort Kochi , in the erstwhile Kingdom of Cochin , into a Roman Catholic Latin Rite family to late Augustine Joseph and late Alicekutty .
 Kattassery Joseph Yesudas father , who was a well-known Malayalam classical musician and stage actor , was his first guru .
Later he joined the R.L.V. Music Academy at Thrippunithura and underwent training .
Later he studied at Sree Swati Thirunal music college , Thiruvananthapuram under the late Semmangudy Sreenivasa Iyer .
But he could not complete his studies due to financial constraints .
For a brief period , he was with Sri Vechur Harihara Subramania Iyer , after which he took advanced training from Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar .
In 2011 he completed his 50 Years as a Play Back Singer .
 The first song sung by Kattassery Joseph Yesudas is Jaathi Bhedam Matha Dwesham on 14 Nov 1961 , which Kattassery Joseph Yesudas usually sings on all the special occasions in front of the audience .
 Kattassery Joseph Yesudas began Kattassery Joseph Yesudas career in playback singing in the Malayalam movie Kaalpadukal and Tamil , Telugu and Kannada movies in the early 1960s .
 Kattassery Joseph Yesudas got the first break in Kattassery Joseph Yesudas music career with the hit Malayalam film named Bharya .
 Kattassery Joseph Yesudas sang in Tamil for Bommai first , but the first released movie was Konjum Kumari .
 The trio of Salil Chowdhury , Kattassery Joseph Yesudas and Prem Nazir took the Malayalam Cinema Industry of the 70s by storm .
 It was generally agreed that Kattassery Joseph Yesudas voice was the most suited one for Prem Nazir .
 In 1970 Kattassery Joseph Yesudas was nominated to head the Kerala Sangeetha Nataka Academy and was the youngest person ever to occupy the post .
 On 9 Dec 1971 , Kattassery Joseph Yesudas missed a flight which later crashed on the way to Madurai .
 A Hawker Siddeley HS 748 near Chinnamanur was descending into Madurai in reduced visibility .
 A Hawker Siddeley HS flew into high terrain about 50 mi from the airport , killing the four crew members and 17 passengers .
 By the 1970s Kattassery Joseph Yesudas entered Bollywood .
 The first Hindi song Hindi sang was for the movie Jai Jawan Jai Kissan , but the first released movie was Chhoti Si Baat .
 Hindi has sung Hindi songs for many leading actors in Hindi cinema including Amitabh Bachchan , Amol Palekar and Jeetendra .
 Hindi has sung many evergreen Hindi film songs for music directors including Ravindra Jain , Bappi Lahiri , Khayyam , Rajkamal and Salil Chowdhury .
 Yesudass most popular Hindi songs are in the 1976 movie Chitchor , with music given by Ravindra Jain .
 The greatest tribute to Kattassery Joseph Yesudas was paid by Ravindra Jain , in an interview wherein the blind music director confessed that if ever he happened to regain vision , the first person he would like to see would be Kattassery Joseph Yesudas .
 Kattassery Joseph Yesudas has performed in many major cities around the world .
 In 1965 , Kattassery Joseph Yesudas was invited by the Soviet Union government to perform at music concerts in various cities in the USSR and also sang a Russian song over Radio Kazakhstan .
 Kattassery Joseph Yesudas became one of the senate members in the International Parliament for Safety and Peace .
 On 14 November 1999 , Kattassery Joseph Yesudas was presented with an honorary award by UNESCO for Outstanding Achievements in the Music and Peace at the Music for Peace event in Paris.a concert held to mark the dawn of the new millennium and whose attendees included artistes such as Lionel Richie , Ray Charles , Montserrat Caballe , and Zubin Mehta .
 In 1971 , during the Indo-Pakistani War , Kattassery Joseph Yesudas travelled all around Kerala State with Kattassery Joseph Yesudas musical troupe to raise funds for the Indian prime ministers National Defense Fund .
 In 2001 Kattassery Joseph Yesudas sang for album Ahimsa in Sanskrit , Latin and English and in a mix of styles including New Age and Carnatic .
 In Kattassery Joseph Yesudas music concerts in the Middle East Kattassery Joseph Yesudas sings Arabic songs in the Carnatic style .
 Kattassery Joseph Yesudas frequently serves as a cultural ambassador for India for his contributions through Kattassery Joseph Yesudas performances abroad , promoting Indian music .
 In 2009 Kattassery Joseph Yesudas began a cross-country musical campaign against terrorism in Thiruvananthapuram , with the motto Music For Peace .
 Kavita Karkare , wife of Hemant Karkare , handed over the torch to Kattassery Joseph Yesudas to mark the launch of the Shanthi Sangeetha Yatra .
 Kattassery Joseph Yesudas is married to Prabha .
They have three sons , Vinod , Vijay and Vishal .
 They second son Vijay Yesudas is a musician who won the Kerala State State Film Award for Best Male Playback Singer in 2007 and 2013 .
 The family is currently settled in Chennai and Trivandrum .
 a Roman Catholic Latin Rite family also owns estates in Fort Lauderdale , Florida , USA and Flower Mound , TX , USA for personal and business reasons .
 Sree Narayana Guru 's great message , One religion and One God for all humanity , influenced young Yesudas in Sree Narayana Guru 's dealings with Sree Narayana Guru 's fellow men .
 Sree Narayana Guru 's had Sree Narayana Guru 's own heroes among the musicians too .
 Mohammed Rafi , Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar and Balamurali Krishna are the ones Mohammed Rafi admires the most .
 For the past 30 years Kattassery Joseph Yesudas has been visiting Kollur Mookambika temple , Kollur , Karnataka on Kattassery Joseph Yesudas birthday to sing keerthans of Saraswati devi , the Goddess of knowledge , music and the arts .
 The music festival started on Kattassery Joseph Yesudas 60th birthday .
The nine-day music festival begins every January at Kollur Mookambika Temple .
 On Sunday , 10 January 2010 , Kattassery Joseph Yesudas celebrated Kattassery Joseph Yesudas 70th birthday at Kollur Sri Mookambika Temple with the special Sangeetharchana , along with 70 singers before goddess Mookambika .
The Sangeetharchana included Pancharatna Gayana of Thyagarajas poems .
 the special Sangeetharchana also took part in the Vidyarambha function .
 All India Radio broadcast the special Sangeetharchana all over Kerala State .
 In 1980 Kattassery Joseph Yesudas established the Tharangani Studio at Trivandrum .
 In 1992 the office and studio were moved to Chennai , Tamil Nadu and the company was incorporated in the US in 1998 .
 Tharangni Studio and Tharangni Records became a recording center in Kerala State which , for the first time , brought out audio cassettes of Malayalam film songs in stereo .
 The record company also had a voice mixing studio in Studio27 , Chennai .
 The studio continues to produce and present events of Kattassery Joseph Yesudas both for film and Indian classical music concerts throughout the world .
 Kattassery Joseph Yesudas has recorded over 50,000 songs and has won scores of accolades including the coveted Padma Shri , Padma Bhushan and seven National Awards for Best Male Playback Singer Playback Singer .
 Kattassery Joseph Yesudas is the only singer who has been accorded the title Asthana Gayakan of Kerala State
Adyar K. Lakshman is a noted Indian Bharatnatyam dancer , choreographer and guru .
Born on 16 December 1933 , Adyar K. Lakshman hails from Kuppam in Chittoor district of Andhra Pradesh .
 Adyar K. Lakshman father , Krishnaraja Rao , was posted there as a school teacher .
 his brother Shri .
 Adyar K. Lakshman and Adyar K. Lakshman brother Shri .
 Rama Rao were discovered at a young age by his brother Shri .
P.D. Doraiswamy Iyer , a representative of Smt .
Rukmini Devi Arundale , the founder of the world acclaimed fine arts college Kalakshetra .
The young boys showed unusual musical and rhythmic talent , and were offered a thorough education in the Fine Arts .
 his brother Shri .
 Lakshman 's father was only too happy to accept the offer made by Kalakshetra .
 his brother Shri .
 Adyar Lakshman began Adyar K. Lakshman education at Kalakshetra in 1944 at the young age of 11 years .
 Adyar K. Lakshman underwent vigorous training in vocal music , Bharatha Natyam , Mridangam and Nattuvangam under the able tutelage of eminent teachers .
 Adyar K. Lakshman had the good fortune to receive Adyar K. Lakshman early training and exposure to the Classical arts from Smt .
 Rukmini Devi Arundale Bharatha Natyam .
 Adyar K. Lakshman has also been closely associated with other great masters in the field , including Mylapore Gowri Ammal , K. Dandayuthapani Pillai , S. Saradha , Tiger Varadachari , Budalur Krishnamoorthy Sastrigal , T. K. Ramaswamy Iyengar , Mysore Vasudevacharya , Tanjore Rajagopala Iyer , V. Vital , Kamalarani , and Karaikudi Muthu Iyer .
 Eventually , Adyar K. Lakshman graduated in 1954 from Kalashetra in Bharatanatyam , Carnatic music and nattuvangam ; though stayed on in Kalakshetra , and received a Government of India scholarship , and went on to received a post-graduate diploma in 1956 .
 Thereafter Adyar K. Lakshman went on to specialise in mridangam and also learnt Kathakali from Ambu Panicker , and Chandu Panicker .
 Subsequently Adyar K. Lakshman was cast by Rukmini Devi in prominent Kalakshetra productions like , Kumara Sambhavam , Kutrala Kuravanji , Sita Swayamvaram and Usha Parinayam , based on the Melattur Bhagavata Mela tradition .
 Lakshmans first ventured into teaching outside Kalakshetra in Vyjayantimala Bali s school , Natyalaya .
 Here over period of more than a decade , Lakshmans conducted over ten arangetrams , assisted in productions like Tiruppavai , Azhagar Kuravanji , Chandalika and Sanga Tamil Malai .
Founded the Bharatha Choodamani Academy of Fine arts on August 22 , 1969 .
 Lakshmans has trained a wide variety of dancers and many professionals and produced dance drama productions like Varunapuri Kuravanji , Aiychiar Kuravai , etc. .
 Lakshmans has also choreographed classical dance sequences in films like Hamsa Geethe , Subba Sastri and Ananda Tandavam .
 his brother Shri .
 Adyar Lakshman has received several awards for Adyar K. Lakshman outstanding contribution to the art of Bharatha Nayam , as a dance guru , choreographer , composer and nattuvanar .
 Adyar K. Lakshman received the Padma Shri award from the president of India in 1989 , and Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 1991 by Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy of Music Dance & Drama
Patnam Subramania Iyer was a composer and singer of Carnatic music .
Subramaniya Iyer followed the traditions of the great composer Tyagaraja .
 Subramaniya Iyer has left behind almost one hundred compositions .
Subramaniya Iyer was born in Thiruvaiyaru in Thanjavur district of Tamil Nadu .
 Subramaniya Iyer family had a long history of musical involvement - His family father Bharatam Vaidyanatha Iyer was adept at both music and Sastra and his father Bharatam Vaidyanatha Iyer grandfather Panchanada Sastri was the court musician in the court of Serfoji Maharaja of Thanjavur .
 Subramaniya Iyer learnt music from Subramaniya Iyer uncle , Melattur Ganapati Sastri and later under Manambuchavadi Venkatasubbayyar .
Subramaniya Iyer spent a long time in Chennapatnam .
 This gave Subramaniya Iyer the prefix to Subramaniya Iyer name .
 Many of Subramaniya Iyer students such as Mysore Vasudevachar , Poochi Srinivasa Iyengar , Bhairavi Kempegowda and Tiger Varadachariar became famous composers and vocalists .
Two of his famous compositions are Raghu Vamsha Sudha in raga Kadhana Kuthuhalam and Evari Bodhanna in raga Abhogi .
 Evari Bodhanna in raga Abhogi is known to have used Evari Bodhanna in raga Abhogi gurus mudra Venkatesa or variations of the same , in Evari Bodhanna in raga Abhogi compositions in Telugu and Sanskrit .
 The Mysore king Chamaraja Wodeyar had gifted a pair of golden bracelets on Two of his famous compositions occasions , after the singing performances in the court
Kantamani is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 61st Melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is called Kuntalam in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 1st ragam in the 11th chakra Rudra .
The mnemonic name is Rudra-Pa .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ri gu mi pa dha na .
 The mnemonic phrase structure is as follows : .
 As Carnatic is a melakarta ragam , by definition Carnatic is a sampoorna ragam .
 Carnatic is the prati madhyamam equivalent of Mararanjani , which is the 25th melakarta .
 Kantamani has a couple of minor janya ragams associated with Carnatic .
See List of janya ragams for full list of janya ragams associated with Kantamani and other 71 melakarta ragams .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Kantamanis notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields Manavati melakarta ragam .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Manavati
Bellary M Raghavendra is a Carnatic vocalist .
 Bellary M Raghavendra has a Masters degree in music from Bangalore University .
 Bellary M Raghavendra is currently a program executive in All India Radio .
 Bellary M Raghavendra is well known in delivering compositions with clarity , emotion and good use of rhythmic patterns Bellary M Raghavendra currently lives in Mysore .
 Vidwan Bellary M Raghavendra was born in Hospet , Vidwan Bellary M Raghavendra , Karnataka .
 Vidwan Bellary M Raghavendra hails from a family of Carnatic musicians going back many generations .
 Vidwan Bellary M Raghavendra Grandfather Bellary Mundrigi Raghavendrachar belonged to Haridasa tradition of Vijaya Dasa , a prominent Haridasa of Bellary , Karnataka .
The father of Raghavendrachar was Narasimhachar , grand father was Venkannachar .
 Carnatic musicians were basically from the Mundaragi village of Gadag district .
 Later Raghavendrachar left Mundaragi village and settled in Vidwan Bellary M Raghavendra .
He was a musician well versed in many disciplines of music and was a professor of music at Queen Mary college in Chennai .
Raghavendra 's grandfather Mundrigi Raghavendrachar is supposed to have given vocal lessons to Puttaraj Gavai .
His father , Vidwan Bellary .
 M. Venkateshachar is a carnatic classical vocalist and his father Bellary M. Venkateshachar uncle Bellary M Sheshagiri Achar was a Vaggeyakara .
 his father Bellary M. Venkateshachar uncle and father were known as Bellary Brothers and performed in most parts in India during 1950s and 1960s .
Bellary Brothers were accompanied in numerous concerts by stalwarts such as Palghat Mani Iyer , Lalgudi Jayaraman , Palghat R. Raghu , T. K. Murthy , M. S. Gopalakrishnan , Umayalpuram K. Sivaraman , T. N. Krishnan , Karaikudi Mani etc. .
 Palghat Mani Iyer father Sri Bellary M Venkateshachar has been conferred with ` Sangeeta Vidyanidhi ' award from Mysore JSS Sangeeta Sabha , Ashthana Vidwan award from Shri Ganapathi Sacchidananda Ashrama ` s avadhoota datta peetha , ` Karnataka Kalashri ' award from Bellary , Karnataka state sangeeta nritya academy .
 His father Sri Bellary M Venkateshachar sister Vani Sateesh is also a prominent Carnatic vocalist , who had given Carnatic first concert at the age of 10 .
 Carnatic is A grade artist of All India Radio in Carnatic Classical Vocal .
 Vanis core strength and love has always been bhakti rasa.Vani and singing compositions filled with bhakti rasa.Vani was in USA after Vanis marriage and started performing extensively outside of India .
 Since mid-90s , Vanis has performed in various reputed Sabhas in US and India .
Vani Sateesh is a regular performer for both All India Radio , Doordarshan and various TV Channels .
 Vanis has also had Vanis initial music training from Vanis brother Sri Bellary M Raghavendra .
Raghavendra ` s initial training was under the tutelage of his uncle Bellary M. Sheshagiri Achar who went on to create 400 kritis .
He was also greatly influenced by his father Bellary M. Venkateshachar .
Raghavendra considers himself lucky that he had two gurus who constantly took him on the right path .
In contrast , the opportunities for Bellary Brothers were limited when they were trying to establish themselves .
Raghavendra started giving stage performances at a very young age .
He gave his first stage performance at the age of 9 years .
 Bellary M Raghavendra has produced many music-based programmes such as Aaswaada , Swarasangama and many other musical features , which are highly popular among the music-lovers and general public .
 Bellary M Raghavendra is a dedicated music teacher who has a rare ability to identify and groom music students based on their individual strengths .
In addition to being a vocalist , he is well versed in Konnakol and Morsing .
 He has learnt Hindustani music and also performed jugalbandis with eminent Hindustani vocalists .
 Bellary M Raghavendra has presented numerous illustrative talks and demonstrations on music .
 Bellary M Raghavendra has toured Europe and Canada along with TAS Mani Ensemble .
 Bellary M Raghavendra has been very successful in establishing and promoting classical music in remote areas of Bellary , Karnataka where the classical form of music was non-existent .
Vishesha Fine Arts a not-for-profit charitable trust is run under the guidance of Artists like Vani Sateesh , Mysore M. Nagaraj , Mysore M. Nagaraj , painters B.K.S. Varma , G.N. Seetharamiah and Sri Bellary M Raghavendra .
It is started with an intention to provide Fine arts education in schools ; bringing rare concerts to the public ; and recognizing the efforts of individuals striving to propagate music in society .
An annual event called Vishesha Utsava is also conducted under the banner of Vishesha Fine Arts where various artists render their performance .
The organization was inaugurated on 29 January 2011 and Sri Mysore Sateesh is the trustee of this organization .
 Traditions in rendering and concert packaging were passed on quite well to Bellary M Raghavendra .
 Vidwan Bellary M Raghavendra school of Music has the rare distinction of nurturing pathantara of time-honoured clarity , a technique that gathered fine distinctions and gradations with the influence of approaches from the Bellary , Karnataka , Tamil Nadu and interior Andhra music schools .
 Another style of the Vidwan Bellary M Raghavendra school of Music is , the raga taken up for the warm-up varna would be there for raga tana pallavi .
 Taking off a piece from anupallavi is yet another style of the Vidwan Bellary M Raghavendra school of Music
S. Kalyanaraman , popularly known as SKR , was a legendary vocalist in the Carnatic tradition .
 Hailing from a famed musical family , where his great-grandfather was Komal Muthu Bhagavathar and Komal Muthu Bhagavathar grand uncle was the celebrated vocalist Madirimangalam Natesa Iyer , S.Kalyanaraman became one of the foremost disciples of G. N. Balasubramaniam and established himself as an original musician in his own right .
Kalyanaraman 's influence undeniably bore the GNB mudra .
Later Sri .
 Tanjavur S. Kalyanaraman ventured deeper into the scales and came up with the fascinating 36 dwi madhyama panchama varja ragams !
This scheme of Mela is actually mentioned earlier in the Ashtotharasata mela scheme .
In this scheme the regular 72 melas are expanded to 108 , by including the possible 36 vikritha panchama melas , i.e. , melakarthas taking both the madhyamas and without the panchama , the prathi madhyama being sung in place of panchama .
Here the Panchama is replaced by Madhyama .
The name of the mela can be easily found out by looking at the first word .
All these ragas have the suffix `` Sri '' .
Like wise the scale for all the 36 ragas can be easily derived .
Nomenclature Given by Tanjavur S. Kalyanaraman is as follows : .
If the visitors can identify any songs in these ragas please share the same
Puthen Malika Palace , most popularly known as Kuthira Malika , is a palace built by Swathi Thirunal Rama Varma , on the south-eastern side of Padmanabhaswamy temple in Thiruvananthapuram .
 The palace gets Puthen Malika Palace name from the 122 horses that are carved into the wooden wall brackets that support the southern roof .
The official name of the palace is Puthen Malika .
The palace forms part of a vast complex of royal buildings in the vicinity of Padmanabhaswamy Temple .
The building was left unoccupied for more than a century , following the demise of Swathi Thirunal in 1846 .
Built in the 1840s , Kuthira Malika is a fine example of traditional Kerala architecture , with its typical sloping roofs , overhanging eaves , pillared verandahs and enclosed courtyards .
Intricate carvings adorn the wooden ceilings with each room having a distinctive pattern .
The construction of the palace was completed by 5000 workers in four years .
The palace is made from teakwood , rosewood , marble , and granite .
The roof of the palace is made of wood and 42 beams support the carved patterns .
The roof is supported by granite pillars .
Floral motifs dot the ceiling of the verandah .
The main 16 rooms of the palace are constructed in 16 different patterns .
In all , the palace contains 80 rooms of which 20 were opened for visitors in 1995 .
 The floor inside the palace is made of egg whites , charcoal , and limestone which make The floor inside the palace cold and smooth even in hot weather conditions .
The concert venue built in the palace premises uses traditional sound reflectors comprising of 50 clay pots hung upside down from the ceiling .
A portion of Kuthira Malika has been converted to a Palace Museum that houses some of the assets owned by the Travancore Royal Family .
Although 80 rooms are there in the palace , only 20 is open for visitors .
Guided tour is available inside the palace .
The palace collections include 14 life-size Kathakali mannequins , Belgian and Italian mirrors , crystal chandeliers , paintings , a giant Belgian harpoon , armaments , musical instruments , traditional furniture , a musical tree which produces 8 sounds on tapping , and other artifacts .
On the right side of the mannequins are the ivory cradles of various sizes .
The palace has on display two royal thrones , one made from 24 elephant tusks and the other of Bohemian crystal with the Tranvancore emblem conch adorning the top of the backrest .
The palace has a large collection of idols and sculptures made from white marble .
 On the first floor are rooms that once served as the audience chamber , the library and an alcove that Swathi Thirunal used for meditating and for conceiving many of Swathi Thirunal in 1846 famous musical compositions .
This place offers a direct view of the Padmanabhaswamy temple gopuram .
The small wooden stair at this place contains carvings of peacock , elephant , and dragon .
Ceiling of the rooms contain paintings of parrot , peacock , and elephant .
One of the rooms displays an illusion portraint of Sree Chithira Thirunal Balarama Varma , painted by Svetoslav Roerich .
The face and the shoes of the king appear facing the onlooker from every corner of the room .
The courtyard of Kuthira Malika is the venue for Swathi Sangeethotsavam , a yearly music festival commemorating the legacy of Swathi Thirunal .
This music festival is conducted from 6 to 12 January every year .
It attracts many of the leading stalwarts of Carnatic and Hindustani classical music .
Some of the famous performers of the past include Bismillah Khan , Kishori Amonkar , M. Balamuralikrishna , D. K. Pattammal , and Gangubai Hangal .
The Kuthira Malika palace has been visualised in many films
 Dr. Lakshminarayana Subramaniam is an acclaimed Indian violinist , composer and conductor , trained in the classical Carnatic music tradition and Western classical music , and renowned for Dr. Lakshminarayana Subramaniam virtuoso playing techniques and compositions in orchestral fusion .
 Dr. Lakshminarayana Subramaniam was born in a Hindu Tamil Brahmin family to V. Lakshminarayana , and Seethalakshmi , both accomplished musicians .
 Dr. Lakshminarayana Subramaniam lived in Jaffna during Dr. Lakshminarayana Subramaniam younger years , taking up music studies before the age of five .
 Dr. Lakshminarayana Subramaniam began training in violin under the tutelage of Dr. Lakshminarayana Subramaniam father , Professor V. Lakshminarayana .
 `` Mani '' , as Dr. Lakshminarayana Subramaniam is fondly known by fellow musicians and Dr. Lakshminarayana Subramaniam family , gave his first public performance at the age of six .
His brothers are also acclaimed musicians , and include the well-known violinist-composers L. Shankar , and the late L. Vaidyanathan .
He has released recordings with both .
 Dr. Lakshminarayana Subramaniam developed a passion for music as well as science from a young age , studying Medicine and acquiring Dr. Lakshminarayana Subramaniam M.B.B.S. at Madras Medical College .
 Dr. Lakshminarayana Subramaniam registered as a General Practitioner , before deciding to pursue music full-time .
 Dr. Lakshminarayana Subramaniam has a Master 's degree in Western classical music , which Dr. Lakshminarayana Subramaniam acquired at the California Institute of the Arts .
 Dr. Lakshminarayana Subramaniam has accompanied highly regarded vocalists in Carnatic music on stage including Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar , K. V. Narayaswamy , Dr. Sripada Pinakapani , Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer , M. Balamuralikrishna and M. D. Ramanathan .
 Dr. Lakshminarayana Subramaniam has also performed many concerts with the venerable Palghat Mani Iyer on the Mridangam , in addition to collaborating with musicians of North Indian Hindustani music and artists of other music systems .
 Dr. Lakshminarayana Subramaniam has written works for orchestras , ballets and Hollywood film scores , and written books on music - such as Euphony - in addition to composing symphonies and Carnatic pieces .
 In 1983 , Dr. Lakshminarayana Subramaniam composed a Double Concerto for violin and flute which combined western scales with micro intervals .
Another release , Spring - Rhapsody , was a homage to Bach and Baroque music .
Creations with orchestras that have followed include Fantasy on Vedic Chants with the New York Philharmonic , conducted by Zubin Mehta , Turbulence with The Swiss Romande Orchestra , `` The Concert of Two Violins '' with the Oslo Philharmonic , and Global Symphony with the Berlin State Opera among others .
 Zubin Mehta has also performed a concert tour of China , with the Beijing Symphony Orchestra in Beijing .
 Zubin Mehta compositions have been used in stage presentations of leading dance companies such as the San Jose Ballet company and the Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater .
 Dr. Lakshminarayana Subramaniam composed the piece `` Shanti Priya '' for the Mariinsky Ballet .
 The release of Dr. Lakshminarayana Subramaniam albums , including Global Fusion in 1999 have brought Dr. Lakshminarayana Subramaniam widespread critical acclaim , and popularity for Dr. Lakshminarayana Subramaniam advanced playing .
 Dr. Lakshminarayana Subramaniam founded and directs the Lakshminarayana Global Music Festival , a festival based in India .
 In 2004 , Dr. Lakshminarayana Subramaniam completed a world tour with the festival , including concerts in the US , the Asian Pacific region including in Perth , Australia , at the Esplanade , Singapore , the Sri Dewan Penang Hall in Penang and the Putra World Trade Centre in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia .
Performing with Subramaniam at the festival in January 2005 were violin maestro Arve Tellefsen , the Oslo Camerata , jazz legends Stanley Clarke , George Duke , Al Jarreau , Earl Klugh and Ravi Coltrane .
 In September 2007 , Dr. Lakshminarayana Subramaniam premiered and played `` The Freedom Symphony '' with the Fairfax Symphony Orchestra , Warrenton Chorale and Carnatic percussionists , which led to a strongly favourable ovation and an encore piece `` Flight of the Humble Bee '' .
 Dr. Lakshminarayana Subramaniam is on the advisory board of composer A. R. Rahman s KM Music Conservatory in Kodambakkam , Chennai .
 In 2011 , Dr. Lakshminarayana Subramaniam was invited to perform at the United Nations .
 On 24 October 2012 , Dr. Lakshminarayana Subramaniam performed as a Special Guest Artist with Stevie Wonder at the latters message of peace concert at the UN .
 The renowned violinist Yehudi Menuhin said of Dr. Lakshminarayana Subramaniam : .
 One of the most famous quote by Dr. Lakshminarayana Subramaniam goes by .
 Dr. Lakshminarayana Subramaniam composed the film scores for the films Salaam Bombay and Mississippi Masala directed by Mira Nair , in addition to being the featured violin soloist in Bernardo Bertolucci s Little Buddha and Cotton Mary of Merchant-Ivory productions .
 Dr. Lakshminarayana Subramaniam was married to Viji Subramaniam , who died on 9 February 1995 and since November 1999 has been married to the Indian playback singer Kavita Krishnamurthy .
 Dr. Lakshminarayana Subramaniam continues to perform pieces with Dr. Lakshminarayana Subramaniam daughter singer/songriter Bindu Subramaniam , violin duets with Dr. Lakshminarayana Subramaniam son , Ambi Subramaniam , '' and has further recorded and given several concerts with Krishnamoorthy .
Their collaborations have earned them the nickname Subramaniam Gharana .
 the nickname Subramaniam Gharana elder son Dr. Narayana Subramaniam is a gold medalist MBBS , surgery resident , and poet and performs light music ghazals .
 His elder son Dr. Narayana Subramaniam started the Lakshminarayana Global Music Festival in 1992 , to honour the memory of his father Professor V. Lakshminarayana father Professor V. Lakshminarayana , who died in 1990 .
The festival has been held across 49 cities in 20 countries and five continents .
 Artists have included the Dr. Lakshminarayana Subramaniam family , Al Jarreau , George Duke , Solo Cissokho , Miya Masaoka , Mark OConnor , Loyko , Jean-Luc Ponty , Ustad Bismillah Khan , Larry Coryell , Arve Tellefsen , Pandit Jasraj , Dr. M. Balamuralikrishna , Corky Siegel .
 The festival has centered around special concepts such as Violins for Peace , Visions of India and Sounds of India .
 In 2007 , the Subramaniam Foundation , a charity run by Dr. Lakshminarayana Subramaniam and Dr. Lakshminarayana Subramaniam wife set up a music school called the Subramaniam Academy of Performing Arts , in Bangalore , India
Sri Swathi Thirunal Rama Varma was the Maharaja of the state of Travancore -RRB- -RRB- in India .
 Maharajah Moolam Thirunal Sir Rama Varma reigned under the regency of Maharajah Moolam Thirunal Sir Rama Varma mother Maharani Gowri Lakshmi Bayi from 1813 till 1815 and then under the regency of Maharajah Moolam Thirunal Sir Rama Varma aunt Maharani Gowri Parvati Bayi till 1829 .
 In 1829 Maharajah Moolam Thirunal Sir Rama Varma turned major and assumed full powers of ruler and reigned as Maharaja of Travancore until Maharajah Moolam Thirunal Sir Rama Varma death in 1846 .
Besides being an able ruler , he was a patron of music and was a musician himself .
 He encouraged both broad systems of Indian music , Hindustani and Carnatic music , though he was essentially a connoisseur of the Carnatic music tradition .
 He is credited with composing over 400 compositions in Carnatic and Hindustani music .
Some of his favorite compositions were Padmanabha Pahi , Deva Deva , Sarasijanabha and Sree Ramana Vibho .
 Swathi Thirunal was fluent in a number of languages including Malayalam , Sanskrit , Marathi , Telugu , Kannada , Hindustani , Bengali , Tamil , Oriya and English .
 The Astronomical Observatory in Thiruvananthapuram , the Government Press , Trivandrum Public Library and the Oriental Manuscript Trivandrum Public Library were started by Swathi Thirunal .
The Maharajah was also an honorary member of the Royal Asiatic Society from 1843 .
 Swathi Thirunal was born into the Kulasekhara dynasty of the Royal family of Travancore state , which is now a part of Kerala State in India -RRB- on April 16 , 1813 .
 Maharaja Swathi Thirunal was the second child of the Regent Queen Gowri Lakshmi Bayi who ruled Travancore during 1811 - 1815 , and Rajaraja Varma Koyithampuran of Changanasseri Palace .
 Iraiyamman Tampi , the famous poet-composer and Swathi Thirunals close relative , who wrote perhaps the most famous Malayalam lullaby Omanathinkal Kidavo , about Swathi Thirunal when Iraiyamman Tampi was born .
 Iraiyamman Tampi had an elder sister and a younger brother .
Rani Gowri Lakshmi Bayi died about two months after the birth of her third child .
After her death , her younger sister Gowri Parvati Bayi was in charge of the state and the children .
 Since Rama Varma was just seventeen months old when Maharajah Moolam Thirunal Sir Rama Varma mother died , Gowri Parvati Bayi ruled for fourteen years before Swathi Thirunal took over as the king .
 When Maharajah Moolam Thirunal Sir Rama Varma was just four months old , Maharajah Moolam Thirunal Sir Rama Varma mother invited Col. Munro and Maharajah Moolam Thirunal Sir Rama Varma officials and declared in the Durbar that Col. Munro was entrusting the British East India Company with the care of Col. Munro child and expected the Company to co-operate with Maharajah Moolam Thirunal Sir Rama Varma in future .
 Both Both aunt/foster mother , who was well-versed in music , and Both father , a Sanskrit scholar .
 took special care about Both education .
 Col. Munro also is said to have taken interest in Both education .
 Both started learning Malayalam and Sanskrit at the age of six and English at the age of seven .
 The young Prince studied several languages , including Malayalam , Kannada , Tamil , Hindustani , Telugu , Marathi , Sanskrit , English and Persian .
 The young Prince impressed all The young Prince teachers , and even guests from abroad , with The young Prince keen understanding of not only languages but also other subjects like geometry .
 P. Sankunni Menon records an incident when Swathi Thirunal told Col. Welsh , a visiting British officer , that the word geometry and words like hexagon , septagon and so on were derived from Sanskrit .
Swathi Thirunal was deeply interested in music right from childhood .
 Maharaja Swathi Thirunal tried to learn the languages in which Maharaja Swathi Thirunal found good music .
 Maharaja Swathi Thirunal education in music started with the first lessons from Karamana Subrahmania Bhagavathar and Karamana Padmanabha Bhagavathar .
 Later , Maharaja Swathi Thirunal studied music from Maharaja Swathi Thirunal English teacher Subbarao .
 Maharaja Swathi Thirunal continued to learn music by listening to accomplished musicians and practicing Maharaja Swathi Thirunal .
This was a period when music and art were thriving in many parts of south India .
 The triumvirate of Carnatic music , Tyagaraja , Syama Sastri and Muthuswami Dikshitar , lived and enriched music during this period .
Swati Tirunals palace also was home to many musicians and artistes of the period , including the famous Thanjavur Quartet brothers , Tyagaraja s disciple Kannayya Bhagavathar , Ananthapadmanabha Goswami , Shadkala Govinda Marar , and many others .
Prince Rama Varma , the South Indian Classical Musician , is a descendent of Maharaja Swathi Thirunal .
 Maharajah Moolam Thirunal Sir Rama Varma is the organiser for Swathi Sangeethotsavam , a week long music festival featuring exclusively the compositions of Swathi Thirunal .
This unique musical event is conducted every year from 6 to 12 January at Kuthira Malika , Trivandrum .
 Swathi Thirunal took over the reins of Travancore from Maharaja Swathi Thirunal aunt at the age of sixteen .
 Maharaja Swathi Thirunal appointed Maharaja Swathi Thirunal teacher Subbarao as the chief minister .
 One of his first moves was to shift the government secretariat from Kollam to Thiruvananthapuram .
 This enabled Maharaja Swathi Thirunal to give personal attention to government affairs .
 Maharaja Swathi Thirunal took steps to curb corruption in the government , and told even the Diwan to resign when Maharaja Swathi Thirunal heard that the Diwan had acted to favour a particular party in a land dispute .
 Maharaja Swathi Thirunal started an English school in Thiruvananthapuram in 1834 , which came to be called the Rajas Government Free School and later became Maharajas High School and then Maharajas College .
 the University College is now the University College .
Later , similar schools were started at many other places .
 Maharaja Swathi Thirunal also implemented reforms in the legal sector , starting Munsif , District and Appellate Courts and modernising laws .
 Maharaja Swathi Thirunal identified one Kandan Menon from Malabar and appointed Maharaja Swathi Thirunal as Huzoor Diwan Peshkar to bring about legal reforms .
 Another of Maharaja Swathi Thirunal achievements was to settle many land disputes by carrying out a resurvey of the land , in which also one Kandan Menon from Malabar helped one Kandan Menon from Malabar .
 Another of his achievements also conducted the first census of the state in 1836 .
As per the census , the population of Travancore was 128 , 068 .
Swathi Thirunal was also instrumental in bringing modern medicine to the state .
 Maharaja Swathi Thirunal appointed a European as the palace physician .
 Maharaja Swathi Thirunal was also given the responsibility of providing medical assistance to local people , for which hospitals were started .
It is this post that was known as Surgeon General till the formation of Kerala State .
 Surgeon General also started an engineering department , which was placed under the command of one Lieutenant Horsley .
 The Karamana Subrahmania Bhagavathar bridge was built at that time .
Another area where Swathi Thirunal took interest was in astronomy .
 Maharaja Swathi Thirunal wished to compare Western findings with Indian knowledge .
 For this , Maharaja Swathi Thirunal invited Caldecott , an industrial representative who lived in Alapuzha , who used to make instruments for astronomical observations .
Finding that there was much common between western and Indian knowledge about the universe , Swathi Thirunal started an observatory and placed Caldecott in charge .
 Started in 1837 , some of the equipment is still to be seen at the Thiruvananthapuram observatory .
 He is also credited with starting the first government press , and the museum and zoo in Thiruvananthapuram .
 HH Swathi thirunal put an end to the barbaric punishment called the SUCHINDRAM KAIMUKKU According to which the accused was forced to prove the SUCHINDRAM KAIMUKKU innocence by dipping the SUCHINDRAM KAIMUKKU hand in boiled ghee at Suchindram temple , and HH Swathi thirunal was punished if the hand get burnt .
 Maharajah Swathi Thirunal was only a child when Maharaja Swathi Thirunal mother Maharani Gowri Lakshmi Bayi died and his mother Maharani Gowri Lakshmi Bayi grew up under the maternal care of his mother Maharani Gowri Lakshmi Bayi childless aunt , who was the Regent of Travancore on the Regent of Travancore behalf , Maharani Gowri Parvati Bayi .
 Maharaja Swathi Thirunal had a brother , Uthram Thirunal Marthanda Varma , who succeeded Maharaja Swathi Thirunal in 1846 till Maharaja Swathi Thirunal demise in 1860 .
The Maharajah also had a sister , Maharani Gowri Rukmini Bayi , whose children ascended the Travancore musnud consecutively .
 Maharani Gowri Rukmini Bayi only daughter was the mother of Maharajah Moolam Thirunal Sir Rama Varma .
 Swathi Thirunal married Thiruvattar Ammachi Panapillai Amma Srimathi Narayani Pillai Kochamma of the Thiruvattar Ammaveedu family after the demise of Maharaja Swathi Thirunal first wife .
 the Thiruvattar Ammaveedu family was an expert carnatic singer and Veena player .
 the Thiruvattar Ammaveedu family originally belonged to an ordinary Nair family in Quilon by the name of Aaikutty Veedu .
 Prior to the Thiruvattar Ammaveedu family marriage with the king the Thiruvattar Ammaveedu family was adopted into the Thiruvattar Ammaveedu along with the Thiruvattar Ammaveedu family mother and siblings .
From this marriage the Maharajah had a son , Thiruvattar Chithira Nal Anantha Padmanabhan Chempakaraman Thampi .
 In 1843 the Maharajah married Sundara Lakshmi , daughter of a Mudaliar who had migrated to Trivandrum .
Sundara Lakshmi , a staunch devotee of Kanjirottu Yakshi , was a dancer .
The Maharajah first adopted her into Vadasseri Ammaveedu , making her an Ammachi and bestowing the title of Thampi on her family members .
 In 1845 The Maharajah constructed the Thanjavur Ammaveedu and Sundara Lakshmi , along with her family members resided here .
The Maharajahs second wife , Thiruvattar Ammachi , whose sister was married to Uthram Thirunal did not approve of this marriage .
Soon after in 1846 the Maharajah died .
Legend and folklore has it that Sundara Lakshmi was banished from Travancore following which the Maharajah died broken hearted .
However facts and records prove otherwise .
Sundara Lakshmi continued to live in Trivandrum at Thanjavur Ammaveedu until her own death in 1856 , a full decade after the death of Swathi Thirunal , enjoying all the provisions and privileges she was entitled to as a royal consort .
However soon after her death , her late husbands brother and successor , Maharajah Uthram Thirunal issued an order to attach the estate and properties that belonged to Thanjavur Ammaveedu on the ground that Sundara Lakshmi for whom they were made , had died .
Sundara Lakshmis sister Sugandha Parvathi Pillai Thankachi , who had been married to Singaravelu Mudaliyar the former Alleppey District Judge , then filed a petition in Madras .
The High Court of Madras in 1858 permitted the Travancore Government to attach the properties after compensating the family .
Accordingly Rs .
 10,000 , a princely sum , was given to Sundara Lakshmis family and the Thanjavur Ammaveedu on the ground Ammaveedu taken over by the Travancore Government .
 The Ganapathi idol worshiped by Sundara Lakshmi was moved and consecrated at the Palkulangara Temple in Trivandrum .
 Ganapathi sister later died in 1883 .
 In 1987 , a Malayalam film titled Swathi Thirunal based on Sundara Lakshmis family life was released .
It was directed by Lenin Rajendran and starred Anant Nag as Swathi Thirunal .
For a list of 360 + compositions with 200 + MP #s , visit swathithirunal.in .
: Articles and compilations by Dr Achuthsankar S Nair .
Articles by Achuthsankar S Nair on Sruthi Magazine , June 2013 and Journal of Madras Music Academy , 2009
Kalaimamani Ranganayaki Rajagopalan is an award-winning veena instrumentalist and winner of Presidential Award for Carnatic Instrumental Music .
 Kalaimamani Ranganayaki Rajagopalan came under the tutelage of Sangeetha Kalanidhi Karaikudi Sambasiva Iyer at the early age of two and started training in the strict Gurukula system , until the death of Sambasiva Iyer in 1958 .
 Her first performance was in aid of the Congress building at Madras and held in Karaikudi under the President-ship of the veteran Congressman Subramaniam who belonged to Karaikudi .
 In 1952 , she accompanied her Guru Sambasiva Iyer to the 26th Silver Jubilee Celebrations of the Madras Music Academy and was presented with a Silver casket by the Sri Prakasa , the former Governor of Madras .
In 1970 , she was selected as the best veena player by the Music Academy and was presented with a veena by the then Governor of Mysore Dharma Veera .
In 1979 , she was awarded the title of Kalaimamani by the then Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu M. G. Ramachandran .
On January 26 , 1984 , she was conferred the title Veena Visaradha in a felicitation ceremony conducted under the auspices of Balasubramania Sabha
Margazhi Raagam is a Film / Carnatic music concert performed by Bombay Jayashri and T.M. Krishna , two leading artists in the field .
 The film is significant because it is considered to be the first of a Film kind in the Carnatic music world .
Margazhi Raagam was conceptualised by Jayendra Panchapakesan a pioneer of the South Indian ad film making industry .
The film follows a concert format , with the artistes performing on a stage , but uses video styles to give the audience a multi-directional view of the stage and set .
 On the official website , Jayendra Panchapakesan says : `` For over four years , Jayendra Panchapakesan have been living with the idea of giving Carnatic music an evocative new appeal in terms of presentation .
Finally , the technology became available to give this dream the right shape .
 Margazhi Raagam brings together two things that are close to Jayendra Panchapakesan heart - music and cinema !
 Jayendra Panchapakesan am sure that classical music and cinema will see the benefit of this initiative , as will artistes and music lovers . ''

Along with him a number of leading technicians have participated in the creation of this film .
Some of whom are H. Sridhar - Audiography , P.C. Sreeram - Cinematography , Rajeevan - Art Direction , and Satissh Kurosowa - Editing which has awed South Indian audiences and is set to release in theatres across the globe in the months to follow .
Margazhi Raagam is significant for the fact that it uses the digital capture quality of the Red One camera and high-quality , uncompressed , six track surround sound to deliver audio clarity and audio mixing finesse that carnatic music audiences have not experienced in a live concert so far .
The film is also expected to be released in Blu-ray , DVD and Audio CD formats in the near future .
The experience offered by this film is the first of its kind .
 Viewers have mentioned that Viewers were overcome with emotion while watching the film
 K. Omanakutty Amma , is an academician , music teacher and Carnatic vocalist noted for K. Omanakutty Amma research and publications in the field of music .
 K. Omanakutty Amma research on Kathakali music led to K. Omanakutty Amma doctorate in this field .
 K. Omanakutty Amma currently serves as professor and Head of the Department of Music in the University of Kerala .
 K. Omanakutty Amma also chairs Sangeetha Bharathi , a private organization promoting young talents in music .
 K. Omanakutty Amma older brother , MG Radhakrishnan is a music director in Malayalam movie industry and K. Omanakutty Amma younger brother , MG Sreekumar is a playback singer .
 K. Omanakutty Amma has also some well known disciples like B. Arundhathi , cine playback singer K. S. Chithra , and Reshmi among others
Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar , was a Carnatic music singer from Palakkad .
 Known by Chembai Sreenivasan village name Chembai Sreenivasan , or simply as Chembais father Anantha Bhagavatar , Chembai Sreenivasan was born to Anantha Bhagavatar and Parvati Ammal in 1896 , at Kottayi near Palakkad on Janmashtami day , with Bharani star in the month of Chingam .
 Chembai Sreenivasan was noted for Chembai Sreenivasan powerful voice and majestic style of singing .
 Chembai Sreenivasan first public performance was in 1904 , when Chembai Sreenivasan was nine .
 Chembai Sreenivasan was a recipient of several titles and honours .
 Chembai Sreenivasan was known for Chembai Sreenivasan encouragement of upcoming musicians , and also for Chembai Sreenivasan ability to spot new talent .
 Chembai Sreenivasan was responsible for popularizing compositions like Rakshamam , Pavana Guru , among others .
 The music critic Aeolus describes Chembai Sreenivasan as the musician who has meant the most to Carnatic Music in the first fifty years of the 20th century Some of Chembai Sreenivasan prominent disciples include Sri.Chembai Narayana Bhagavathar , Sri.Mangu Thampuran , Smt.Guruvayur Ponnammal , Sri .
 T. V. Gopalakrishnan , Sri .
V.V.Subramaniam , Smt .
 P. Leela , Sri .
 Jayan and Vijayan , Sri .
 K. J. Yesudas , Sri.Babu Parameswaran , among others .
 K. J. Yesudas also mentored and lot of K. J. Yesudas young accompanists , prime among whom were Palghat Mani Iyer , Lalgudi Jayaraman , M.S.Gopalakrishnan , T.N.Krishnan , Palani Subramaniam Pillai , Dr. L. Subramaniam , etc. .
 Many memorial music festivals are held in K. J. Yesudas honour annually since K. J. Yesudas death in 1974 , the most important being the annually celebrated Chembai Sangeetholsavam .
The familys tryst with classical music had spanned about five centuries .
 Vaidyanatha Bhagavatars father was a singer from Chembai near Palakkad .
 Vaidyanatha Bhagavatars father father had been the recipient of the title Ghana Chakratanam from a local Maharaja indicating Vaidyanatha Bhagavatars father mastery of a special style of singing tanam .
 Chembais father Anantha Bhagavatar father Anantha Bhagavatar was a vocalist and violinist .
 Chembai Sreenivasan learnt Carnatic music from Chembai Sreenivasan own father , from Chembai Sreenivasan third year , in the customary guru - sishya tradition , as a part of overall Vedic learning .
 Chembai Sreenivasan also received violin and flute training in 1912 .
 Some of the noteworthy early events that helped shape Chembais father Anantha Bhagavatar career include his arangetram in Ottapalam in 1904 , his performances at Vaikom & Guruvayur in 1907 , his year with Kaliakudi Natesa Sastry and the accolades he received from Palghat Anantharama Bhagavatar .
Between 1913 and 1927 , he performed at many different music festivals and sabhas for the first time , notably including the Madras Music Academy .
 Chembai Sreenivasan has many recordings to Chembai Sreenivasan credit .
 Between 1932 and 1946 , Chembais father Anantha Bhagavatar music was captured on several phonograph discs .
Those were the days before the advent of the microphone in concerts and a singer was entirely dependent on the timbre and reach of his voice for a successful concert .
 Chembai Sreenivasan was uniquely blessed in this respect , for Chembai Sreenivasan voice which had great depth , was a special attraction .
 Chembai Sreenivasan had an old friend called T.G.Krishna Iyer in Tripunithura , who had settled in Madras and offered a house to Chembai Sreenivasan on Palace Road near Santhome , in a locality called Lalita Nagar Chembai Sreenivasan had Chembai Sreenivasan developed .
 Chembai Sreenivasan had composed some 155 kritis in Malayalam , Tamil and Sanskrit under the mudra Lalita dasar and requested Chembai Sreenivasan to set them to music and popularise them .
 Chembai Sreenivasan accepted the invitation and set the kritis to classical music , and got them published under the name Lalita Dasar Keertanaigal .
 Chembai Sreenivasan made it a practice to sing these kritis in most of his concerts .
 Chembai Sreenivasan also released a record containing selected kritis from Lalita Dasars kritis like Evariki Telusunamma , Ennil Kaninda , Pavana Guru , Varijadala Lochani , among others .
 Chembai Sreenivasan could do a niraval and swaraprastara from any given point , which bespoke of mental alertness in a concert .
 Chembai Sreenivasan empathy for Chembai Sreenivasan accompanists and disciples was noteworthy and Chembai Sreenivasan would go to great lengths to encourage them .
 Chembai Sreenivasan had many students , including K. J. Yesudas and many noted musicians like T. V. Gopalakrishnan , P. Leela , the Jaya-Vijaya twins , and others .
 Chembai Sreenivasan died on 16 October 1974 , aged 78 , of a cardiac arrest .
 Shortly before that , Chembai Sreenivasan performed Chembai Sreenivasan last concert at a Poozhikkunnu Sreekrishna temple in Ottapalam in 1904 , and concluded the concert with Chembai Sreenivasan favourite song Karunai Cheivan Endu Thamasam Krishna .
 Chembai Sreenivasan nephew said that , His nephew always said about easy death and thus His nephew attained it , in the magazine of Bhakthapriya in 2004 .
 Chembai Sreenivasan received several awards and titles throughout Chembai Sreenivasan career , most notably including : .
 Chembai Sreenivasan had been conducting a music festival in Chembai Sreenivasan native village right from 1924 onwards .
 This is now continued by Chembai Sreenivasan family and now This is continued by Chembai Sreenivasan And Chembai Suresh .
The concerts is called Chembai Ekadasi Music Festival and held annually in February-March in the same village .
 Chembai Sreenivasan had also been conducting a Sangeetholsavam on Guruvayur Ekadasi Day at Guruvayur every year .
 This festival , now called Chembai Sangeetholsavam in Chembai Sreenivasan honour , is officially conducted by the Guruvayur Devaswom Board .
 The Sri Guvayurappan Chembai Puraskaram , awarded by Sree Krishna Temple , Guruvayur , is instituted in memory of the late Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavathar .
The award , comprising a cash prize of INR 50001 , a gold locket of Sree Guruvayurappan , a citation and ponnadai .
The award is usually presented during the annual Chembai Music festival
Vanajam P.S. also known as Vaikom Vanaja Shankar is a Carnatic vocalist from Kerala State in India .
 Formed in year 2011 , The Kerala Kshethra Anushtana Kalavedi presented The Kerala Kshethra Anushtana Kalavedi Nadasree Award in 2006 .
 The Kerala Kshethra Anushtana Kalavedi has worked as principal at all the three music colleges in Kerala .
 The Kerala Kshethra Anushtana Kalavedi served as Principal of Chembai Memorial Government Music College Palakkad till 2002 .
 From 2002 to 2009 The Kerala Kshethra Anushtana Kalavedi served as the Principal of RLV College of Music and Fine Arts .
 From 2009 The Kerala Kshethra Anushtana Kalavedi is the Principal at Swathi Thirunal College of Music , Thiruvananthapuram .
 During The Kerala Kshethra Anushtana Kalavedi tenure a recording studio was set up at Swathi Thirunal College of Music in March 2013
The Malladi Brothers , Malladi Sreeramprasad and Malladi Ravikumar , are a Carnatic music vocalist duo .
They started their music education under Malladi Srirammurthy and Malladi Suri Babu , their grandfather and father respectively .
Subsequently they studied under Sripada Pinakapani , Nedunuri Krishnamurthy and Voleti Venkatesvarulu .
 Malladi Brothers possess a large repertoire of Carnatic compositions and possess a vibrant and powerful voice .
Both excel in presenting Thyagaraja kritis
Abhishek Raghuram is an Indian carnatic vocalist .
 Abhishek Raghuram mother is the niece of violin maestro Lalgudi Jayaraman while veena exponent Jayanti Kumaresh is Abhishek Raghuram maternal aunt .
 Abhishek Raghuram is the grandson of the Mridangam legend Sangeetha Kalanidhi Sri.Palghat Raghu .
 Abhishek Raghuram started learning music in Abhishek Raghuram early age with learning Mridangam & Khanjira from Kanjeera exponent Harishankar .
 Later Abhishek Raghuram shifted to vocal music under the guidance of Abhishek Raghuram guru Sri P. S. Narayanaswami of Semmanagudi school .
 At the age of 7 , Abhishek Raghuram was awarded Gold medal for Mridangam in the Mazhalai Medhai Contest .
 Abhishek Raghuram also won first prize in Pallavi singing competition organized by S.Balachandar Trust , Madras in 1996
Mohanam is a raga in Carnatic music .
One of the first scales employed by the ancient Tamils was the Mullaippann , a pentatonic scale composed of the notes sa ri ga pa da equivalent to C , D , E , G and A in the western notations .
 These fully harmonic scales , constitutes the raga Mohanam in the Carnatic music style.It is an audava raga .
 the Carnatic music style.It is a janya raga , as the Carnatic music style.It does not have all the seven swaras .
 The equivalent of Mohanam in Hindustani music is equivalent Bhoop .
It is one of the common pentatonic scales across the world and is very popular in East Asian and South-east Asian music , including China and Japan .
 Mohanam is a symmetric raga that does not contain madhyamam or nishadham .
It is a symmetric pentatonic scale .
Its structure is as follows : .
 Mohanam is considered a janya raga of Harikambhoji , the 28th Melakarta raga , though Harikambhoji , the 28th Melakarta raga can be derived from other melakarta ragas , Kalyani , Sankarabharanam or Vachaspati , by dropping both madhyamam and nishadham .
The Hindustani equivalent Bhoop is associated with Kalyan thaat .
 Mohanam raga lends Mohanam for extensive elaboration and exploration and has many compositions in both classical music and film music .
 The geetham Varavina mrithupani is one of the first short songs taught to beginners in Carnatic music .
Ninnukori composed by Poochi Srinivasa Iyengar is a popular Varnam in this scale .
 Here are some popular kritis composed in Mohanam .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this raga .
Mohanams notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 4 other major pentatonic ragas , namely , Hindolam , Shuddha Saveri , Udayaravichandrika and Madhyamavati .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the raga .
 For more details and illustration of this concept refer Graha bhedam on Mohanam
Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar is a noted South Indian musician playing the flute .
Mala Chandrasekhar was born to a musical family .
 Mala Chandrasekhar started learning from Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar aunt and mother Sikkil Sisters - Kunjumani & Neela .
 In playing style , Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar combines the strongest aspects of both Aunt Kunjumanis clear classic lines with Mother Neelas flair and expressiveness .
 Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar imbibed through Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar mothers the flute artistry of their peternal uncle , Azhiyur Narayanaswamy Iyer and the rigorous rhythmic training given by their mrudungam playing father , Azhiyur Natesa Iyer .
 Other major influences on Malas playing are the expertise and repertoire of noted vocalist and teacher Radha Viswanathan and of Radhas mother and guru M.S. Subbulakshmi whose family Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar joined by marriage .
 Born in a reputed musical family on 23 August 1963 , Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar started learning flute at the age of five from her gurus Padmasree Sangeetha Kalanidhi Smt Sikkil Neela and Smt .
Sikkil Kunjumani .
 Lessons progressed slowly until Sikkil Kunjumani . 15th year when Sikkil Kunjumani . parents decided to do go for Sikkil Kunjumani . arangetram .
 This was done at `` Sakthivel llam '' , Mylapore in an unconventional manner with Lalgudi Sri .
S.D. Sridhar on the violin and Sri Srimushnam V. Raja Rao on the Mridangam .
 Later Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar passed through auditions in all India radio for youth programme where Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar performed at regular intervals .
 India was at this time that Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar happened to be auditioned and selected by Doordarshan Kendra in 1980 to perform in `` Ilam thendral '' programme - live .
 Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar had played Thyagaraja 's tholijenma-belahari , Ramakathasudha-madhyamavathi and a song in behag .
This programme brought Mala lots of appreciation from many great musicians like late Smt .
Brindamma and late Sri Nagarajan - reputed Khanjira artiste .
 This programme was at this point that late Sri Yagnaraman of Krishna Gana Sabha gave her the first opportunity to perform Malas debut concert at the sabha in August 1980 .
From then on , her musical responsibilities gradually increased .
 At this juncture , Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar got the first prize from all India radio for `` wind instrument category '' blessed by late Smt .
M.S. Subbulakshmi in 1982 and was there upon graded to give regular concerts in radio .
At the same time , her inter collegiate music competitions were also instrumental in building up her confidence to emerge as a successful musician .
 When Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar was in Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar final year , that Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar had the opportunity to participate in the `` Violin Venu Veena '' trio ensemble with smt Lalagudi Vijayalakshmi on the violin and Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar friend Padmavathi on the veena .
Soon this became successful and Lalgudi mama suggested such an ensemble for concerts .
They both performed our debut concert at Krishna Gana Sabha along with Veenai Jayanthi on 1.1.1986 .
Malas association with Lalgudi mama 's family taught her many values in life such as discipline , hard work and dedication to the cause of music .
 Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar joined the family of the legendary MSS through marriage on 20 June of that year .
 This indeed provided an additional mileage to attain perfection in Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar musical career .
 Besides the VVV ensemble , Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar also had the opportunity to perform with Sikkil Sisters as flute trio which helped Ilam thendral to improve Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar repertoire in the concert platform .

 In this way , Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar was very lucky to get the right kind of encouragement from Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar inlaws in Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar musical journey .
 Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar studied in Rosary Matriculation School , Chennai .
 No one knew that Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar would play flute until Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar stepped into 7th standard .
 Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar was very shy and refused to participate in school cultural activities .
 Later , one of her teachers took the initiative and made Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar play a solo piece .
 This became an opening for Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar to participate in inter school music competitions .
 Malas most interesting subject in school was biology and This encouraged Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar to take up botany as major in Stella Maris College .
 Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar just loved that subject and used to be one among the class toppers .
 Soon Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar principal and head of the department , on knowing Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar potential , would allow Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar to participate in all cultural activities of the college .
 As a result , Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar interest in music blossomed and winning prizes for Ilam thendral college gave Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar great confidence to pursue musical career .
 During the same period , Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar started giving concerts in sabhas both in Chennai and outside .
 After Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar graduation , Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar joined Presidency College for post graduation in botany .
 It was destiny which completely made Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar a music professional as Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar was forced to discontinue Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar M.Sc degree .
 Thank god for showing this divine path of music for Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar .
 Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar other interests included painting , embroidery and a bit of creative hand work .
2006 - Shanmukha Sangeetha Shiromani Bombay Shanmukhananda Sangeetha Sabha - MR.S.M.KRISHNA , GOVERNOR OF MAHARASHTRA .
2003 October , Received the title of VENUGAANA SIRONMANI at DUBAI by Dubai Thamizh family .
2002 - November 2002 NADAKKANAL From Nadakkanal , Chennai Founded by Sri Pathamadai Krishnan .
2001 - Received the Music Academys MD Ramanathan Award for a senior flautist from Sri RV Vaidyanatha Iyer , Secy .
Dept. of Culture , Govt .
 of India .
2000 - Received the Kartik Fine Arts Isai Peroli title from Smt Vyjayanthimala Bali .
2000 - Received the Kalki Centenary Award , instituted by the Kalki Memorial Trust , from Smt Prabha Sreedevan , Judge , Madras High Court .
1996 - Received Bharat Kalachars Yuva Kala Bharati from Lalgudi Sri G Jayaraman .
1995 - Received the title Kalaimamani from the Government of Tamil Nadu .
Kum .
J Jayalalitha gave away the award .
1993 - Received the Flute Mali award of the Music Academy , Madras , from Dr Raja Ramanna .
 1990 - Received the Nyapati Ranganayakammal Award for Junior Flautists of the Music Academy , Madras , from Smt ML Vasanthakumari .
1990 - Received the Flautist award and Main Artist award of the Youth Association for Classical Music , Madras from Sri DK Jayaraman
Madurai Shanmukhavadivu Subbulakshmi , also known as M.S. , was a renowned Carnatic vocalist .
She was the first musician ever to be awarded the Bharat Ratna , Indias highest civilian honor .
She is the first Indian musician to receive the Ramon Magsaysay award , often considered Asias Nobel Prize , in 1974 with the citation reading Exacting purists acknowledge Srimati M. S. Subbulakshmi as the leading exponent of classical and semi-classical songs in the Karnataka tradition of South India .
 Subbulakshmi was born in Madurai , Madras Presidency , South India to veena player Shanmukavadiver Ammal and Subramania Iyer .
Her grandmother Akkammal was a violinist .
 Her grandmother Akkammal started learning Carnatic music at an early age and trained in Carnatic music under the tutelage of Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer and subsequently in Hindustani music under Pandit Narayanrao Vyas .
 Her grandmother Akkammal mother , from the devadasi community , was a music exponent and a regular stage performer , and Subbulakshmi grew up in an environment very conducive to musical learning .
 Her mother musical interests were also shaped by regular interactions with Karaikudi Sambasiva Iyer , Mazhavarayanendal Subbarama Bhavathar and Ariyakudi Ramanuja Iyengar .
Subbulakshmi gave her first public performance , at the age of eleven , in the year 1927 , in the 100 pillar hall inside the Rockfort Temple , Tiruchirappalli ; with Mysore Chowdiah on the violin and Dakshinamurthy Pillai on the mriganga .
 In 1936 Subbulakshmi moved to Madras .
She also made her film debut in Sevasadan in 1938 .
 M.S. Subbulakshmi began her Carnatic classical music training under her mother Shanmugavadivu ; and later in Hindustani classical training under Pandit Narayan Rao Vyas .
 Subbulakshmi first recording was released when Subbulakshmi first recording was 10 years old .
Subbulakshmi gave her first performance at the prestigious Madras Music Academy in 1929 , when she was 13 years old .
The performance consisted of singing bhajans .
 The academy was known for the prestigious Madras Music Academy discriminating selection process , and they broke tradition by inviting a young girl as a key performer .
Her performance was described as spellbinding and earned her many admirers and the moniker of musical genius from critics .
 Soon after her debut performances , Subbulakshmi became one the leading Carnatic vocalists .
By the age of seventeen , Subbulakshmi was giving concerts on her own , including major performances at the Madras Music Academy .
She traveled to London , New York , Canada , the Far East , and other places as Indias cultural ambassador .
Her concerts at .
were significant landmarks in her career .
In 1969 she was accompanied by Indian Railways Advisor SN Venkata Rao to Rameshwaram , where she famously sang several songs in front of each idol in the Rameshwaram temple .
 After the death of her husband Kalki Sadasivam in 1997 , her husband Kalki Sadasivam in 1997 stopped all her husband Kalki Sadasivam in 1997 public performances .
 M.S. also acted in a few Tamil films in M.S. youth .
 M.S. first movie Sevasadanam was released on 2 May 1938 .
F.G. Natesa Iyer was the lead actor , opposite Subbulakshmi , in this film , directed by K. Subramanyam .
It was a critical and commercial success .
Ananda Vikatan favourably reviewed the film on 8 May 1938 : .
 Her first movie Sevasadanam is one of the early Tamil films to be set in a contemporary social setting and to advocate reformist social policies .
The film is an adapted version of Premchand s novel Bazaar-e-Husn .
The veteran Marxist leader N. Sankaraiah , has described Sevasadanam as an unusual film for choosing the subject of marriages between young girls and old men .
 According to The veteran Marxist leader N. Sankaraiah , the film successfully broughout the sufferings of the girl and the mental agony of the aged husband .

 Tamil film critic and historian Aranthai Narayanan observes in Tamil film critic bookThamizh Cinemavin Kathai that Seva Sadhanam proved a turning point in the history of Tamil cinema .
In the climax , the aged husband , now a totally changed man , was shown as casting aside with utter contempt his ` sacred thread , which symbolises his Brahmin superiority .
It came as a stunning blow to the then Brahmin orthodoxy .
 MS Subbulakshmi also played the male role of Narada in Savitri to raise money for launching her husband Kalki Sadasivam in 1997 , her husband Kalki Sadasivam in 1997 husbands nationalist Tamil weekly .
 MS Subbulakshmi title role of the Rajasthani saint-poetess Meera in the eponymous 1945 film gave MS Subbulakshmi national prominence .
This movie was re-made in Hindi in 1947 .
Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru had this to say about M.S. Subbulakshmi - Who am I , a mere Prime Minister before a Queen , a Queen of Music .
 While Lata Mangeshkar called Lata Mangeshkar Tapaswini , Ustad Bade Ghulam Ali Khan termed Lata Mangeshkar Suswaralakshmi , and Kishori Amonkar labeled Kishori Amonkar the ultimate eighth note or Aathuvaan Sur , which is above the seven notes basic to all music .
 The great national leader and poet Sarojini Naidu called poet Sarojini Naidu Nightingale of South India .
 poet Sarojini Naidu many famous renditions of bhajans include the chanting of Bhaja Govindam , Vishnu sahasranama , Hari Tuma Haro and the Venkateswara Suprabhatam .
 poet Sarojini Naidu was widely honored , praised and awarded .
Some of the more popular ones include .
 Some of the more popular ones was honored as a resident artist Vidhwan of Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams .
Tirupati Urban Development Authority has installed a bronze statue of M.S. Subbulakshmi at the Poornakumbham circle in the temple town .
 Tirupati Urban Development Authority was unveiled by Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Y. S. Rajasekhara Reddy on 28 May 2006 .
The Kancheepuram Saree shade known as MS Blue was named after her by the well known Congress party member and philanthropist , Sri Muthu Chettiyar when they met at the residence of Sri R. Aiyadurai and Smt .
 Thangam Aiyadurai at Lady Desikachari Road , Madras , who were close friends of MS and Sadasivam .
A commemorative postage stamp on her was issued on 18-December-2005 .
She was bestowed with enormous prize moneys with these awards , most of which she donated to charity .
She has given more than 200 charity concerts and raised well over Rs .
10,000,000 .
She was awarded honorary degree degrees from several Universities .
 She was an ardent devotee of Kanchi Mahaswamigal and she rendered an ardent devotee of Kanchi Mahaswamigal composition Maithreem Bhajatha in her concert at the UN in 1966 .
Venkatesa Suprabhatam in Gramaphone record of HMV , the royalty from which goes to the Veda Patasala run by the Tirupati Tirumala Devasthanam .
She donated many of the royalties on several best sold records to many charity organizations
Dasa Sahitya is the literature of bhakti movement composed by devotees in honor of Lord Vishnu or one of his Avatars .
Dasa is literally servant in Kannada and sahitya is literature .
 these Haridasas were preachers of bhakti to Lord Vishnu or one of his avatars .
The bhakti literature of these Haridasas is collectively referred to as Dasa Sahitya .
 The bhakti literature of these Haridasas is in the Kannada language .
The Haridasas contributed to the rich heritage of Karntataka music .
 these Haridasas made an indelible impression on the religious and cultural life of Karnataka .
 these Haridasas spread the didactic teachings in a musical form to the hearts of the common man .
 Like other doyens of Indian classical music , these scholars offered pooja to Lord Vishnu through music , called naadopasana .
 The Lord is described as Samagana priya ; bhakti through music is the most preferred path to reach The Lord .
The Haridasa compositions are popularly known as Devaranamas .
Compositions like Venkatachala Nilayam , Jagadoddharana , Tamboori meetidava , Krishna Nee Begane Baaro are some of the many examples of their scholarly work
 the Melakarta is a collection of fundamental ragas in Carnatic music .
Melakarta ragas are parent ragas from which other ragas may be generated .
A melakarta raga is sometimes referred as mela , karta or sampurna as well .
 In Hindustani music the thaat is equivalent of the Melakarta .
There are 10 thaats in Hindustani music , though the commonly accepted melakarta scheme has 72 ragas .
 Ragas must contain the following characteristics to be considered the Melakarta .
 The mela system of Ragas was first propounded by Raamamaatya in Ragas work Svaramelakalanidhi c. 1550 .
 Ragas is considered the father of mela system of Ragas .
 Later Venkatamukhi , a gifted musicologist in the 17th century expounded a new mela system known today as melakarta in Venkatamukhi work Chaturdandi Prakaasikaa .
 Venkatamukhi made some bold and controversial claims and defined somewhat arbitrarily 6 svaras from the known 12 semitones , at that time , to arrive at 72 melakarta ragas .
 The controversial parts relate to double counting of R2 and Venkatamukhi exclusive selection of madyamas for which there is no specific reasoning .
However , today the 72 melakarta ragas use a standardized pattern , unlike Venkatamakhis pattern , and have gained a significant following .
Govindhacharya is credited with the standardization of rules and known for giving different names for standard ragas that have a different structure but the same swaras as those proposed by Venkatamakhi .
The scales in this page are those proposed by Govindaacharya .
A hundred years after Venkatamakhins time the Katapayadi sankhya rule came to be applied to the nomenclature of the melakarta ragas .
The sankhya associates Sanskrit consonants with digits .
The digits corresponding to the first two syllables of the name of a raga , when reversed , give the index of the raga .
Thus the scale of a melakarta raga can be easily derived from its name .
For example , Harikambhoji raga starts with syllables Ha and ri , which have numbers 8 and 2 associated with them .
Reversing them we get 28 .
 Hence Harikambhoji is the 28th Melakarta raga .
See Katapayadi sankhya for more details and examples .
Each melakarta raga has a different scale .
This scheme envisages the lower Sa , upper Sa and Pa as fixed swaras , with the Ma having two variants and the remaining swaras Ri , Ga , Dha and Ni as having three variants each .
This leads to 72 seven-note combinations referred to as the Melakarta ragas as follows .
There are twelve semitones of the octave S , R1 , R2 = G1 , R3 = G2 , G3 , M1 , M2 , P , D1 , D2 = N1 , D3 = N2 , N3 .
A melakarta raga must necessarily have S and P , one of the Ms , one each of the Rs and Gs , and one each of the Ds and Ns .
Also , R must necessarily precede G and D must precede N .
This gives 2 x 6 x 6 = 72 ragas .
Finding melakarta ragas is a mathematical process .
By following a simple set of rules we can find the corresponding raga and the scale associated with it .
A raga which has a subset of svaras from a Melakarta raga is said to be a janya of that Melakarta raga .
Every raga is the janya of a melakarta raga .
Janya ragas whose notes are found in more than one melakarta raga are assigned parent Melakarta based on subjective notions of similarity .
This is obvious for ragas that have less than seven notes .
 For such ragas This can be associated with a Melakarta which has any of the different swaras in that position .
For example , Hindolam has Rishabha and Panchama missing .
 Hence , Rishabha could be considered a janya of Todi which has shuddha rishabha or with Natabhairavi which has a chathushruti rishabha .
 Rishabha is popularly associated with Natabhairavi .
The 72 Melakarta ragas are split into 12 groups called chakras , each containing 6 ragas .
The ragas within the chakra differ only in the dhaivatam and nishadam notes , as illustrated below .
The name of each of the 12 chakras suggest their ordinal number as well .
These 12 chakras were also established by Venakatamakhi .
The 72 Melakarta ragas can be divided into two parts .
viz .

suddha Madhyama and prati Madhyama ragas .
When a given suddha madhyama ragas M1 is replaced by M2 , we get the corresponding prati madhyama raga .
See Katapayadi sankhya for more information on how to derive the various swaras of a raga from its melakarta number .
 See swaras in Carnatic music for explanation of the notations like R1 , G2 , N2 , etc. .
 Muthuswami Dikshitar school followed a different set of The scales in this page as the 72 Melakarta ragas .
 These were taught by Venkatamakhi .
 Many of the scales were asampurna because Muthuswami Dikshitar chose to change the structure to mitigate ill-effects of usage of direct vivadi swaras in the scales
Puliyur Subramaniam Narayanaswamy also spelt Narayanaswami is a Carnatic music vocalist .
 Puliyur Subramaniam Narayanaswamy learnt music from Tiruppambaram Somasundaram Pillai , T. M. Tyagarajan and later from Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer .
 Puliyur Subramaniam Narayanaswamy awarded the Bala Gana Kala Rathnam at the age of 12 .
 Puliyur Subramaniam Narayanaswamy worked in All India Radio .
 In 2000 , Puliyur Subramaniam Narayanaswamy was conferred the title , ` Sangeetha Kala Acharya by the Music Academy .
 The ` Padma Bhushan awarded to Puliyur Subramaniam Narayanaswamy by the Government of India this year comes as a crowning glory .
He has trained several enterprising violinists and instrumentalists including V.V.Ravi and Gayathri Venkataraghavan
Dhenuka is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 It is the 9th Melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 It is called Dhunibinnashadjam in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
It is the 3rd ragam in the 2nd chakra Netra .
The mnemonic name is Netra-Go .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ra gi ma pa dha nu .
Its structure is as follows : .
As it is a melakarta ragam , by definition it is a sampoorna ragam .
It is the Suddha madhyamam equivalent of Shubhapantuvarali , which is the 45th melakarta .
Dhunibinnashadjam is the 9th Melakarta in the original list compiled by Venkatamakhin .
The notes used in the scale are the same as Dhenuka .
Dhenuka has a few janya ragams associated with it .
See List of Janya Ragams for full list of ragams associated with Dhenuka .
There are a few common compositions set to Dhenuka , of which TeliyalEru rAmA composed by TyAgaraja is one of the most often rendered in concerts .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Dhenukas notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 3 other Melakarta ragams , namely , Shanmukhapriya , Chitrambhari and Shoolini .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the Shadjam to the next note in the ragam
The Mrdangam is a percussion instrument from India of ancient origin .
 The Mrdangam is the primary rhythmic accompaniment in a Carnatic music and Newa music ensemble .
Alternate spellings include mrudangam , mrdangam , mritangam and miruthangam in Tamil .
 The mridangam is also played in Carnatic concerts in countries outside of India of ancient origin , including Sri Lanka , Singapore , Malaysia , Australia , United Kingdom , Canada , and the United States .
During a percussion ensemble , the mridangam is often accompanied by the ghatam , kanjira , and the morsing .
 The word Mridangam is Sandhi or union of the two Sanskrit words mrda and anga , as early Sandhi were made of hardened clay .
In ancient Hindu sculpture , painting , and mythology , the mridangam is often depicted as the instrument of choice for a number of deities including Ganesha and Nandi , who is the vehicle and companion of Shiva .
 Nandi is said to have played the mridangam during Shivas primordial tandava dance , causing a divine rhythm to resound across the heavens .
The mridangam is thus also known as Deva Vaadyam , or Divine Instrument .
Over the years , the mridangam evolved to be made of different kinds of wood due to its increased durability , and today , its body is constructed from wood of the jackfruit tree .
It is widely believed that the tabla , the mridangams Hindustani musical counterpart , was first constructed by splitting a mridangam in half .
With the development of the mridangam came the evolution of the tala system .
 The system of talas in Carnatic music may be the most complex percussive rhythm system of any form of classical music .
 Sandhi has a large role in Newa music .
One of the earliest Nepal Bhasa manuscripts on music is a treatise on this instrument called Mridanga anukaranam .
 In Tamil culture , Tamil is called a tannumai .
 The earliest mention of the mridangam in Tamil literature is found perhaps in the Sangam literature where the instrument is known as tannumai .
In later works like the Silappadikaram also we find detailed references to it as in the Natyasastra .
 During the Sangam period , It was one of the principal percussion instruments to sound the beginning of war along with murcu , muracu , tutti , tuti and prrai , parai because it was believed that its holy sound will deflect enemy arrows and protect the King .
 During the post-Sangam period , as mentioned in the epic Cilappatikaram , the post-Sangam period formed a part of the antrkkottttu , antarakottu - a musical ensemble at the beginning of dramatic performances that would later develop into Bharathanatyam .
The player of this instrument held the title tnnnnumai aruntolllil mutlvnnn , tannumai aruntozhil mutalvan .
The mridangam is a double-sided drum whose body is usually made using a hollowed piece of jackfruit wood about an inch thick .
The two mouths or apertures of the drum are covered with a goatskin and laced to each other with leather straps around the circumference of drum .
These straps are put into a state of high tension to stretch out the circular membranes on either side of the hull , allowing them to resonate when struck .
These two membranes are dissimilar in width to allow for the production of both bass and treble sounds from the same drum .
The bass aperture is known as the thoppi or eda bhaaga and the smaller aperture is known as the valanthalai or bala bhaaga .
The smaller membrane , when struck , produces higher pitched sounds with a metallic timbre .
The wider aperture produces lower pitched sounds .
The goat skin covering the smaller aperture is anointed in the center with a black disk made of rice flour , ferric oxide powder and starch .
This black tuning paste is known as the satham or karanai and gives the mridangam its distinct metallic timbre .
The combination of two inhomogeneous circular membranes allows for the production of unique and distinct harmonics .
Pioneering work on the mathematics of these harmonics was done by Nobel Prize winning physicist C. V. Raman .
Immediately prior to use in a performance , the leather covering the wider aperture is made moist and a spot of paste made from rice flour and water is applied to the center , which lowers the pitch of the left membrane and gives it a very powerful resonating bass sound .
The artist tunes the instrument by varying the tension in the leather straps spanning the hull of the instrument .
This is achieved by placing the mridangam upright with its larger side facing down , and then striking the tension-bearing straps located along of circumference of the right membrane with a heavy object .
A wooden peg is sometimes placed between the stone and the mridangam during the tuning procedure to ensure that the force is exerted at precisely the point where it is needed .
Striking the periphery of the right membrane in the direction toward the hull raises the pitch , while striking the periphery from the opposite side lowers the pitch .
The pitch must be uniform and balanced at all points along the circumference of the valanthalai for the sound to resonate perfectly .
The pitch can be balanced with the aid of a pitch pipe or a tambura .
 The larger membrane can also be tuned in a similar manner , though The larger membrane is not done as frequently .
Note that since the leather straps are interwoven between both the smaller and larger aperture , adjusting the tension on one side often can affect the tension on the other .
The mridangam is played resting it parallel to the floor .
 A right-handed mridangam artist plays the smaller membrane with A right-handed mridangam artist or her right hand and the larger membrane with the left hand .
The mridangam rests upon the right foot and ankle , the right leg being slightly extended , while the left leg is bent and rests against the hull of the drum and against the torso of the artist .
For a left-handed percussionist , the legs and hands are switched .
There is also a parallel set of rhythmic solfa passages which is sounded by mouth to mimic the sounds of the mridangam .
Students of this art are required to learn and vigorously practice both the fingering strokes and solfa passages to achieve proficiency and accuracy in this art .
Many other strokes are also taught as the training becomes more advanced , which are generally used as aesthetic embellishments while playing .
These notes include gumki , and chaapu .
The combination of these finger strokes produces complex mathematical patterns that have both aesthetic and theoretical appeal .
Increasingly complex calculations and metres may be employed when the mridangam is played .
Classically , training is by dharmic apprenticeship and includes both the yoga of drum construction and an emphasis on the internal discipline of voicing mridangam tone and rhythm both syllabically and linguistically , in accordance with Rigveda , more than on mere performance .
 Today the mridangam is most widely used in Carnatic music performances .
These performances take place all over Southern India and are now popular all over the world .
As the principle rhythmic accompaniment , the mridangam has a place of utmost importance , ensuring all of the other artists are keeping their timing in check while providing support to the main artist .
 One of the highlights of a modern Carnatic music concert is the percussion solo , where the mridangam artist and other percussionists such as kanjira , morsing , and ghatam vidwans exchange various complex rhythmic patterns , culminating in a grand finale where the main artists resumes where Carnatic or she left off .
 Sandhi is used as an accompanying instrument in Yakshagana Himmela where it is called Maddale .
 However , Sandhi used in Yakshagana is markedly different in structure and acoustics from the ones used in Carnatic music .
Significant players of the mridangam in modern times are Dr.T.K.Murthy , Umayalapuram K. Sivaraman , Vellore Ramabhadran , Trichy Sankaran , B. Harikumar , Karaikudi Mani , Madurai.T.Srinivasan , Yella Venkateswara Rao , Srimushnam Raja Rao , Tiruvarur Bhaktavatsalam , Mahadevu Lakshmi Narayana Raju , Cheluvaraj Trichur C Narendran who have been playing and advancing the technique since decades .
Over the years and especially during the early 20th century , great maestros of mridangam also arose , inevitably defining schools of mridangam with distinct playing styles .
Examples include the Puddukottai school and the Thanjavur school .
The virtuosos Palani Subramaniam Pillai , Palghat Mani Iyer , C.S. Murugabhupathy and Late Sri Mahadevu Radha Krishna Raju contributed so much to the art that they are often referred to as the Mridangam Trinity .
There is also another style i.e. , the blending of Saakotai Rangu Iyengars and Kumbakonam Azhaganambi Pillais taught to hundreds of disciples by the legendary Late Sri Kumbakonam Narayanaswamy Iyer and late Sri Kumbakonam Rajappa Iyer
Prasanna is a South Indian Carnatic musician who plays the south Indian musical art form of Carnatic music on the electric guitar .
 Prasanna is the second musician to take the guitar to the carnatic classical stage after Sukumar Prasad .
 Prasanna not only plays carnatic music but is also a jazz musician .
Some also categorize Prasannas music under world fusion .
 Prasanna began learning guitar when Prasanna was ten years old and studied with Dr C.G.Shanmugaraj Phd and then Samuel Thangadurai .
 After learning quite a few things on Prasanna own , in 1984 , Prasanna started formal instruction with Tiruvarur Balasubramaniam .
 In 1989 , Prasanna gave Prasanna first professional Carnatic music concert at the Madras Music Academy .
 Prasanna studied with violinist A. Kanyakumari .
 Around this time , Prasanna performed several concerts in the sabhas in Chennai .
 Today Prasanna is seen as a pioneer in performing Carnatic music on the guitar as well as an accomplished performer/composer in jazz and film music .
 As a composer , Prasanna also scored the 2009 Oscar-winning documentary Smile Pinki , as well as several scores for feature films and contemporary dance theater , and he orchestrated A.R. Rahman 's title score for the Oscar-nominated film Lagaan .
 After studying engineering at the prestigious Indian Institute of Technology , Madras , Prasanna earned an .
honors degree from Berklee College of Music in Boston .
 Prasanna is the founder President of Swarnabhoomi Academy of Music , Indias first professional college for contemporary music.He is part of Tirtha project with pianist Vijay Iyer .
 Prasanna received a Bachelors degree in Naval Architecture from the Indian Institute of Technology , Madras in 1992 .
 In 1999 , Prasanna was awarded an Honours Bachelors degree from the Berklee School of Music majoring in Classical Composition and Jazz Composition .
Author of Ragamorphism a carnatic guitar instruction DVD released on January 20 , 2004 .
 Prasanna performed with several jazz artists and has also given several Carnatic concerts .
 Below are some of Below albums : .
3 .
 Vallikanth , C S Extended Analysis : Prasanna : Be The Change All About Jazz .
Retrieved 2010-11-01
Pacchimiriam Adiyappa was a famous court musician at the Maratha kingdom of Thanjavur in the 18th century .
 Pacchimiriam Adiyappa was a composer of Carnatic music .
 Some of Pacchimiriam Adiyappa famous disciples were Syama Sastri , one of the Trinity of Carnatic composers , and Ghanam Krishna Iyer .
 Syama Sastri compositions are in the Telugu language .
Pacchimiriam Adiyappas most famous composition is the varnam Viriboni in Bhairavi ragam
Manavati is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Manavati is the 5th Melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 In Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music , the 5th melakarta is Manoranjani .
 the 5th ragam in the 1st chakra Indu is the 5th ragam in the 1st chakra Indu .
The mnemonic name is Indu-Ma .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ra ga ma pa dhi nu .
Its structure is as follows : .
 As Manavati is a melakarta ragam , by definition Manavati is a sampoorna ragam .
 Manavati is the shuddha madhyamam equivalent of Pavani , which is the 41st melakarta .
 Manoranjani is the 5th Melakarta in the original list compiled by Venkatamakhin .
The notes used in the scale are the same , but the ascending scale is different .
It is an shadava-sampurna raga .
 Manavati has a few minor janya ragams associated with Manavati .
See List of janya ragams for full list of ragams associated with this scale .
 Here are a few common compositions sung in concerts , set to Manavati .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Manavatis notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields Kantamani ragam .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Manavati
Saveri is a Carnatic music ragam .
This raga is a janya of the 15th Melakarta raga Mayamalavagowla .
 This raga brings out karuna rasa , i.e. the 15th Melakarta raga Mayamalavagowla brings mood of pity .
The notes are shuddha rishabham , shuddha madhyamam and shuddha dhaivatam in ascending scale and kakali nishadam , shuddha dhaivatam , shuddha madhyamam , antara gandharam and shuddha rishabham in descent .
The two swaras which give the raga such a characteristic are R and D .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam
 Shobha Raju is an Indian musician , devotional singer , writer and composer , known as an exponent of sankirtana of the gospel of the 15th-century saint-composer , Sri Annamacharya .
 Dr. Shobha Raju was awarded the Padma Shri by Government of India for Dr. Shobha Raju contributions to arts in 2010 .
 Dr. Shobha Raju is the founder of `` Annamacharya Bhavana Vahini '' in 1983 with the motto : `` Eradication of Thought-Pollution through Divine Music '' .
 This institute has trained over fifteen thousand students , most into professional singers , and is quickly growing towards Dr. Shobha Raju vision of a Music University where Dr. Shobha Raju students of music are also trained with Yoga , Meditation , Naturopathy and Philosophy to grow within .
With land contribution from the Government of Andhra Pradesh , this project now continues to take shape into an extended auditorium and a temple for Sri Annamacharya .
 Whilst composing Sri Annamacharya own songs at the age of 4 , to cutting Sri Annamacharya first gramophone record and becoming an All India Radio Artiste at the age of 16 , to being awarded the prize at national level competitions at the age of 17 , Sri Annamacharya has been constantly trained under various music masters such as Sri Nedunuri Krishna Murthy and Mrs. Rajyalakshmi in music , Mr. R.G.Narayana Raju for spirituality amongst many others .
Dr. Shobha is the first recipient of TTD 's scholarship in 1976 to study and set a trend for the propagation of Annamacharya 's compositions , and was also chosen as the first exclusive artiste for the propagation of Annamacharya 's compositions in 1978 .
Her first audio album , `` Venkateswara Geeta Malika '' is globally popular among Telugu community .
 Apart from serving as Project Officer for `` Rama Rasa Vahini '' , a music-based project in Endowments Dept , sponsored by Bhadrachalam Devasthanam ; authoring books such as `` Srihari Padartham '' , `` Peda Tirumalayya Parichayam '' ; her various projects in the field of music and culture include : National Level Music Competitions to encourage youth , organization of the anniversaries of Sri Annamacharya ; discovering and publishing 39 compositions of Annamayya as the `` Annamayya Gupta Sankeertanadhanam '' ; `` Shanti Sankeertanam '' to enlighten people against the acts of terrorism ; `` Nagara Sankeertana '' , singing in processions for spiritual awareness ; stage concerts and presentation of `` Sankeertanaushadham '' for the benefit of patients in the hospitals both at India and abroad ; self-scripted musical feature , `` Annamayya Katha '' ; presentation of `` Upashamana Sankeertana '' which is a special program for the relief of the prisoners ; writing the story , script , screenplay , dialogues , music , and directing a tele-serial , `` Sri Annamacharya '' ; application of `` Swarayoga '' which is a special program for the personality development ; annual `` Vaggeyakarotsavams '' of 1983 celebrated in national level ; etc. amongst many others , all of which transcend the listeners to a blissful and peaceful world .
 Bhadrachalam Devasthanam played a pivotal role in getting the Postal Dept of Govt .
 of India to release the postage stamp of Sri Annamacharya in Annamayya .
Sobha Raju was born on 30 November 1957 at Vayalpadu , Chittoor District , A.P. .
 Sobha Raju father R.G. Narayana Raju , a retired Deputy Collector was a native of Tirumala Reddypalle , Chitoor Dist .
 and Sobha Raju first spiritual mentor , while Sobha Raju mother Smt .
 Mrs. Rajyalakshmi , was Mrs. Rajyalakshmi first music teacher in Divine Music .
 Mrs. Rajyalakshmi did Mrs. Rajyalakshmi B.A. with History , Economics & Divine Music from Sri .
Padmavathi Womens College , Tirupati , A. P .
 Mrs. Rajyalakshmi is married to Dr. S. Nanda Kumar , who resigned the post of Project Executive in National Dairy Development Board to support Mrs. Rajyalakshmi mission .
 Mrs. Rajyalakshmi received Mrs. Rajyalakshmi training in music from teachers like , Mr. Mr. Pullaiah , Mr. D. Seshagiri Rao , Mr. Pakala Munirathnam , Mr Tiruttani Krishnamurthy , Prof. Kalpakam , Sri Nedunuri Krishna Murthy garu .
 Spiritual Masters : Mrs. Rajyalakshmi is greatly inspired by the teachings of Sri Ramakrishana Paramahamsa and Swami Vivekananda.Swami Paramahamsa Yoganandajis teaching have a tremendous influence on her.The holy company of H.H. Swamy Chinmayyanandaji , H.H. Swami Dayanandaji , H.H.Sri Swamy Vidya Prakasanandaji , and Bhagawan Sri Satya Sai Baba helped a great deal in moulding Swamy Vidya Prakasanandaji personality .
 Mrs. Rajyalakshmi used to sing Bhajans and recite Bhagawad Geeta during Mr. Pullaiah discourses .
WRITER : Dr. Shobha Raju is also a writer .
 Dr. Shobha Raju has written many stories and articles which were published by the popular magazines and papers like Andhra Prabha , Swathi , Andhra Bhoomi etc. .
 Dr. Shobha Raju is also the author of a few booklets like `` Sripadartham '' , `` Pedatirumalayya Parichayam '' etc. .
 POETESS : Dr. Shobha Raju has been composing many songs and poetry pieces right from Dr. Shobha Raju childhood .
 Dr. Shobha Raju compositions are bought out into audio albums by different audio companies and temples .
 ORATOR : Dr. Shobha Raju is much sought after person as a guest to various functions and Dr. Shobha Raju speeches are very well appreciated .
Music Composer : Dr. Shobha Raju has been a well acclaimed music composer .
 Different audio companies have brought out Dr. Shobha Raju albums for which Dr. Shobha Raju Dr. Shobha Raju set the music .
 Dr. Shobha Raju is also the music director for the Tele serial `` Sri Annamacharya '' .
 Dr. Shobha Raju is the Director of many video programs , including the Tele serial `` Sri Annamacharya '' .
 Dr. Shobha Raju is an organizer of many events and festivals .
Dr. Shobha Raju is a recipient of several acclaimed awards in the field of art , culture and music .
These include : `` Annamayya Pada Kokila '' by Telugu Association of North America ; `` Sankeertana Praveena '' by Telugu Kala Samithi , Kuwait in 2000 ; Paidi Lakshmiah Merit Award ; `` Ugadi Puraskar '' by Madras Telugu Academy ; `` Smt Ravoori Kanthamma Bharadwaja Award '' ; `` ANR Swarna Kankanam '' ; `` Abhinava Annamayya '' by Telugu Association of North Texas ; `` Out Standing Woman Award '' by NTR Trust ; `` Out Standing Woman Award '' by Mahila Congress on the eve of Indira Gandhi 's birthday ; amongst many more .
 Apart from her graduation from Sri Padmavathi Womens College of Tirupati , she has also been awarded an Honorary Doctorate from P.S. Telugu University ; has been honored as `` Asthana Vidushi '' by the Dwaraka Tirumala Devasthanam , India ; The India Cultural center & Temple , Memphis , TN , USA ; nominated as a member on the South Zone Cultural Centre & South Central Zone Cultural Center in 1985 ; a member on the advisory panel of regional ICCR ; and serving many years as Advisor , Annamacharya Project , TTD 's
Jyotsna Srikanth is an Indian violinist and composer , performing Carnatic music and Western classical music .
Jyotsna Srikanth was born in an Andhra musical family in Bangalore , India .
 Her mother , Ratna Srikantaiah , is a Carnatic musician and teacher .
 Jyotsnas music training began with Carnatic vocals at age five under Ratna Srikantaiah mother .
It was a rigorous programme of coaching , with practice for six hours daily , and the attendance of concerts during the festival periods .
 At the age of six , Ratna Srikantaiah attended a violin performance by the virtuoso Kunnakudi Vaidyanathan , which sparked Ratna Srikantaiah own interest in the instrument .
 Ratna Srikantaiah began training under R. R. Keshavamurthy , a doyen of classical Indian violin .
 Ratna Srikantaiah first solo concert was at the age of nine .
 Jyotsna recognised the necessity of learning the western classical style of violin in order to become a complete violinist , and began Jyotsna training in this genre at the Bangalore School of Music .
 For more advanced training , Jyotsna went to Chennai to study with V.S. Narasimhan , a solo violinist who works with the notable Indian composer Ilaiyaraaja .
 Jyotsna achieved Jyotsna grading from the Royal School of Music , London .
 Jyotsna initial foray into music came in the film industry , playing under the direction of film composers such as Hamsalekha and Ilaiyaraaja .
 By Jyotsna account , Jyotsna has played for over two hundred south Indian films .
 Following Jyotsna marriage , Jyotsna moved to Music , London , where Jyotsna expanded Jyotsna repertoire to music scores for documentaries , teleserials , besides performing at global music events such as WOMAD , the Red Violin Festival , the Cleveland Music Festival , and the BBC Proms .
 Jyotsna also performs jazz and fusion , and has set up a troupe called Fusion Dreams .
 Jyotsna has collaborated with the classical guitarist Simon Thacker , and the flamenco / jazz guitarist Eduardo Niebla .
, as well as Fado saxophonist Rao Kyao .
 Jyotsna has lectured on comparative techniques between the Indian and western classical violin at University of Cambridge and Liverpool University .
 Jyotsna established a foundation Dhruva to help upcoming Indian artistes to perform in the United Kingdom , as well as raise funds for charity .
 In 2012 , Jyotsna organised the London International Arts Festival , a series of concerts of Carnatic , fusion , folk and Balkan music , as well as dance performances from Cyprus and Bangalore , India .
 Jyotsna continues Jyotsna Carnatic music career as a soloist and as an accompanist , and has performed with masters such as Dr M. Balamuralikrishna , Kadri Gopalnath , and N. Ravikiran .
 Jyotsna Srikanth specialises in the following Indian composers : Thyagaraja , Purandara Dasaru , Papanasam Sivan , Annamacharya , Muthuswami Dikshitar , Shyama Sastri and Mysore Vasudevachar .
 Thyagaraja violin playing and music style has been referred to as amazing .
 In 2008 , Thyagaraja received a Fellowship in Carnatic Music from the Trinity College of Music , London .
 Jyotsna is a practising pathologist , having received MBBS and Post-Graduate degrees in Clinical Pathology from Bangalore Medical College , Bangalore , India .
 Jyotsna is married to K.V. Srikanth Sharma , has two children and lives in Music , London
 Sri Vidyabhushana is a vocalist from Karnataka .
 Sri Vidyabhushana sings devotional songs , chiefly Haridasa compositions , and carnatic classical music .
 Sri Vidyabhushana has hundreds of albums to Sri Vidyabhushana credit , mainly devotional songs in Dakshina Kannada , and has given many concerts all over the world .
 Sri Vidyabhushana first album was the extremely popular Dasara Padagalu and the 100th - Tanu Ninnadu Jivana Ninnadu .
 Performing for more than 20 years , Sri Vidyabhushana has traveled to many countries including a successful tour across the length and breadth of USA in 1999. , Sri Vidyabhushana was honoured with the title of Sangeetha Vidya Nidhi in 1994 .
 Sri Vidyabhushana was also honoured the Doctorate by Hampi University .
 Sri Vidyabhushana began to learn music when yet very young , from Sri Govindacharya father late Sri Govindacharya , and for several years was an ardent disciple of Sri B. V. Narayana Aithal of Udupi .
 In the later years Sri Vidyabhushana got training from the famous musician , Sangeetha Kalanidhi Sri R. K. Srikantan and then from the well known exponent T. V. Gopalakrishnan of Chennai .
 Sri Vidyabhushana continues Sri Vidyabhushana constructive activities in music , and the spread of devotion and service to the community through Bhakti Bharathi Prathistana , a trust for which Sri Vidyabhushana is the founder trustee .
This trust conducts extensive musical programs to commemorate Shri Purandara Dasara Aradhana and other events .
 Shri Purandara Dasara Aradhana is a native of Dakshina Kannada district .
 Shri Purandara Dasara Aradhana lives with Shri Purandara Dasara Aradhana wife and two kids in Bangalore .
 Shri Purandara Dasara Aradhana was the pontiff of Subrahmanya Matha , before becoming a full-time singer
Chitravina N. Ravikiran Mysore , Karnataka , India , is one of Indias most celebrated musicians today .
A slide instrumentalist , vocalist , composer , guru , author & orator , he is also the creator of the innovator of the concept Melharmony in world music .
He is the grandson of famous musician Gotuvadyam Narayana Iyengar .
 Hailed as the Mozart of Indian Music , Chitravina N. Ravikiran Mysore made his first appearance at the age of two in April 1969 .
Soon after that he was presented in The Madras Music Academy , Krishna Ghana Sabha he was able to identify and render about 325 ragas and 175 talas of Carnatic music .
He was quizzed by legendary musicians including Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer , Pandit Ravi Shankar , M S Subbulakshmi and Flute T R Mahalingam .
Ravikiran trained extensively under his father , Chitravina Narasimhan .
 Chitravina Narasimhan debuted as a vocalist in 1972 , at Coimbatore at the age of five .
 At the age of 10 , Chitravina Narasimhan switched over to the 21-stringed chitravina and gave Chitravina Narasimhan maiden chitravina concert at age 11 .
 Chitravina Narasimhan established Chitravina Narasimhan as a frontline Indian string instrumentalist within the next 3 years with recitals in front-line venues and festivals including a 24-hour non-stop solo concert in July 1985 in Chennai .
 From 1986-96 , Chitravina N. Ravikiran Mysore had the rare distinction of training under the celebrated vocalist T.Brinda , widely acknowledged as a musicians musician , which added a whole new dimension to the celebrated vocalist T.Brinda perception of the microscopic nuances of music .
 Chitravina N. Ravikiran Mysore has over 600 classical Indian compositions to the celebrated vocalist T.Brinda credit and is the only Indian composer to have created His pieces in each of the 35-talas of Carnatic Music .
 the celebrated vocalist T.Brinda pieces combine innovative traditionalism , inventive rhythms and often interesting lyrics and themes .
 the celebrated vocalist T.Brinda has also created music for Western Classical Symphony Orchestras , Chamber Orchestras , String Quartets as well as Caprices for solo violins .
 the celebrated vocalist T.Brinda has actively collaborated with top world artistes including Taj Mahal , Glen Velez , Larry Coryell and orchestras such as BBC Philharmonic and Sacramento Symphony .
Operatic dance creations of Ravikirans include Lakshmi Prabhavam , Savithri , Vinayaka Vaibhavam , Ramayana and Panchakriya .
 Operatic has also scored music for cross-cultural dance productions such as Cosmos & Pushed to the Edge and directed the course of dance project Divine Equations with Dr Vyjayantimala Bali and Natya Dance Company , Chicago , based on Oottukkadu Venkata Kavis compositions .
 Chitravina N. Ravikiran Mysore has trained and presented numerous performing disciples .
 Operatic pioneered the innovative method of tele-teaching in 1996 .
 Operatic is the first guru in world music to have used the Flip teaching method through well-structured syllabuses .
online , with video lessons in the music education website .
 Ravikiran conducted a special music camp for over 31,000 students in Tamil Nadu , India and provided syllabuses for Music Education in Schools in India for Grades I - VIII .
 Operatic has also introduced Indian music through Melharmonic creations for Middle and High School level orchestras in School Districts in USA such as Middleton , WI .
Ravikiran is the author of several books such as , Appreciating Carnatic Music , Perfecting Carnatic Music Level I and II and Life and Contributions of Oottukkadu Venkata Kavi .
He is also the founder of the International Foundation for Carnatic Music .
 A fluent and witty orator , Chitravina N. Ravikiran Mysore has lectured extensively across the world on music and allied subjects and presented significant papers in conferences including The Society for Music Theory Conference , The India-Amsterdam Conference and The Indian Music Madras Music Academy Music Theory Conference , Madras .
Ravikiran is one of the most decorated artistes from India at the International , National , State and artistic levels .
In most cases , he has been the first or youngest to have received such recognition , including a Fellowship from The Madras Music Academy at age two .
- President of Indias Sangeet Natak Akademi Award - 2007 .
- Music Academy Senior Awards - several , since 1979 .
- Ragalaya Sagara by Ragalaya Foundation , London , Jan 2008
Senavati is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 7th melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is called Senagrani in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 1st ragam in the 2nd chakra Netra .
The mnemonic name is Netra-Pa .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ra gi ma pa dha na .
Its structure is as follows : .
The swaras in this ragam are shuddha rishabham , sadharana gandharam , shuddha madhyamam , shuddha dhaivatham and shuddha nishadham .
 As Carnatic is a melakarta ragam , by definition Carnatic is a sampoorna ragam .
 Carnatic is the shuddha madhyamam equivalent of Gavambhodi , which is the 43rd melakarta scale .
Senagrani is the 7th Melakarta in the original list compiled by Venkatamakhin .
The notes used in the scale are the same , but the ascending scale and descending scales are with vakra prayoga .
 Senavati has a few minor janya ragams associated with it .
See List of janya ragams for ragams associated with Senavati .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Senavatis notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 2 melakarta ragams , namely , Latangi and Sooryakantam .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Sooryakantam
Mararanjani is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 25th Melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is called Sharavati in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 1st ragam in the 5th chakra Bana .
The mnemonic name is Bana-Pa .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ri gu ma pa dha na .
Its structure is as follows : .
 As Carnatic is a melakarta ragam , by definition Carnatic is a sampoorna ragam .
 Carnatic is the shuddha madhyamam equivalent of Kantamani , which is the 61st melakarta .
 Mararanjani has a few minor janya ragams associated with Carnatic , of which Janasammodini is one of the better known ragams .
See List of janya ragams for all ragams associated with this scale .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Mararanjanis notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields Vanaspati , a minor melakarta ragam .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Vanaspati
Hindolam is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Hindolam is an audava ragam .
 Hindolam is a janya ragam , as Hindolam does not have all the seven swaras .
 Hindolam is not the same as the Hindustani Hindol .
The equivalent of Hindolam in Hindustani music is Malkauns .
It is known to be a ragam that is generally beautiful and soothing to listen to .
Being symmetrical in its ascending and descending scales , it lends itself very well to improvisation and is therefore popular at concerts .
 Hindolam is a symmetric ragam that does not contain rishabham and panchamam .
 Hindolam is a pentatonic scale .
 Since pentatonic scales can be found in other world music such as Chinese music , shades of Mohanam and Hindolam can sometimes be traced in Chinese and east Asian music .
 Mohanam structure is as follows : .
This ragam uses the swaras sadharana gandharam , shuddha madhyamam , shuddha dhaivatam and kaisiki nishadam .
 Hindolam is not a melakarta ragam , since Hindolam does not contain all the seven svaras .
 Experts in Carnatic music hold differences of opinion on the janaka ragams that should be attributed to Hindolam .
 It is widely accepted that 20th melakarta , Natabhairavi is the parent ragam of Hindolam , but some would like to associate it with 8th melakarta , Hanumatodi .
It can be derived from both , by dropping the rishabham and panchamam .
 Samajavara gamana by the maestro Tyagaraja is the most popular composition in Hindolam .
Mamavatu sri Sarasvati by Mysore Vasudevachar is another popular composition .
 Here are some more kritis composed in Hindolam .
Numerous bhajans , stotras , kritis and film music numbers also have been composed in the Hindolam ragam .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Hindolams notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 4 other major pentatonic ragams , namely , Mohanam , Shuddha Saveri , Udayaravichandrika and Madhyamavati .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 For more details and illustration of this concept refer Graha bhedam on Mohanam
Sahana is a popular ragam in Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is a janya ragam associated with the 28th Melakarta ragam Harikambhoji .
 Carnatic is a Ubhaya Vakra sampoorna ragam .
 Ubhaya Vakra means crooked .
Ubhaya Vakra means that the notes in both ascent and descent follow a zig zag pattern .
The notes in ascending and descending scale do not follow a strict progression .
Hence the note phrases contain such vakra phrases , lending a unique beauty to this ragam .
 Though Carnatic is a sampoorna ragam , the vakra scale means it is not considered a melakarta , as melakarta ragams must have strictly ascending and descending scales .
 Carnatic is also classified as a rakti raga .
The notes used in this scale are Shadjam , Chathusruthi Rishabham , Antara Gandharam , Suddha Madhyamam , Panchamam , Chathusruthi Dhaivatham and Kaisiki Nishadham .
 Shadjam characteristic phrases are , , , .
 Sahana has a distinct mood due to these phrases and characteristic gamakams and is rarely confused with other ragams .
 Sahana has a close relationship to Dwijawanthi .
 The use of Anthara Gaandharam in R2 G2 R2 makes it different from Dwijawanthi , while Dwijawanthi uses Saadharana Gaandharam .
There are a large number of popular songs composed in this ragam in Carnatic Music as well as Tamil Film Music .
Here are some Carnatic music compositions
Mavelikara S. R. Raju is an acclaimed Carnatic music percussionist .
 Mavelikara S. R. Raju is adept in playing the mridangam .
 Mavelikara S. R. Raju is the sishya of the celebrated Mridangam maestro Mavelikara Krishnankutty Nair .
 Mavelikara S. R. Raju father M.N. Raghavan Pillai , was a mridangam player who played for harikathas and dramas .
So right from childhood , he has had a fascination for the mridangam .
In 1958 he joined All India radio as a mridangam artiste .
In 1999 Kerala Sangeetha Nadaka Academy granted its fellowship to him
Madurai Mani Iyer was a Carnatic music singer , who was famous for his unique style .
He was one of the most highly celebrated carnatic vocalists during the first half of the 20th century .
He was renowned for his adept skills at singing kalpana swarams , neraval , and raga alapana .
His music continues to be highly regarded today .
Madurai Mani Iyer , whose original name was Subramanian , was born to M. S. Ramaswamy Iyer and Subbulakshmi in Madurai on October 25 , 1912 .
His father , a Sub-court Clerk , was the brother of the famous Vidwan Pushpavanam , who was a great classical musician himself .
Mani Iyers tutelage in music started at the age of nine .
 a Sub-court Clerk first guru was Sri Rajam Bhagavathar who was Disciple of Ettayapuram Ramachandra Bhagavathar .
 Through Rajam Bhagavathar , he came in close contact with the great musician and composer , Gayakasikhamani Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavatar who founded Shri Thyagaraja Sangeetha Vidyalayam , a music school at Madurai and became an early disciple of the School .
Iyers prodigious talents were recognized early in his age as he received various honours from dignitaries of that time .
In 1927 , a music conference took place at the Congress session in Avadi .
In that was arranged a programme on the 72 melaragamalika of Maha Vaidyanatha Iyer .
Manis father expounded on the theoretical aspect of the composition while Mani sang .
 Mani and son walked away with the awards .
 The Ganakaladharar in 1944 , Sangeetha Kalanidhi in 1959 , Presidents award in 1960 , Isai Perarignar in 1962 and many more came The Ganakaladharar in 1944 way .
Madurai Mani Iyer was indeed passionate about music but he had other interests too and one of them was the English language .
Though a school drop out , Mani Iyer mastered this language and an anecdote goes that he would trudge from his house in Mylapore all the way to the Connemara Library to pick up books in the Queens language .
He loved Bernard Shaw and was a fan of Charlie Chaplin .
A compulsive listener of both the English and the Tamil news , Mani Iyer was a keen observer of politics too
Shuddha Saveri is a ragam in Carnatic music .
It is an audava ragam .
It is a janya ragam , as it does not have all the seven swaras .
The equivalent of Shuddha Saveri in Hindustani music is Durga .
According to the school of Muthuswami Dikshitar , this ragam is called Devakriya .
Karnataka Shuddha Saveri , a janya ragam of 1st melakarta Kanakangi , is called Shuddha Saveri by the Dikshitar school .
Shuddha Saveri is a symmetric ragam that does not contain gandharam or nishadam .
It is a pentatonic scale .
Its structure is as follows : .
It is a scale that uses the following variants of the swaras - chatushruti rishabham , shuddha madhyamam , panchamam and chatushruti dhaivatam .
Shuddha Saveri is considered a janya ragam of Sankarabharanam , the 29th melakarta ragam , though it can be derived from other melakarta ragams , Kharaharapriya , Gourimanohari or Harikambhoji , by dropping both gandharam and nishadam .
Here are some popular kritis composed in Shuddha Saveri .
Analekara , which is set to this ragam , is one of the first few geetams taught to beginners .
Sree guru guha is a song set by muthuswami dikshitar .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Shuddha Saveris notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 4 other major pentatonic ragams , namely , Mohanam , Hindolam , Madhyamavati and Udayaravichandrika .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
See Graha bhedam on Mohanam for more details and illustration of this concept
Gavambodhi is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 43rd Melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is called or in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 1st ragam in the 8th chakra Vasu .
The mnemonic name is Vasu-Pa .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ra gi mi pa dha na .
 The mnemonic phrase structure is as follows : .
 As Carnatic is a melakarta ragam , by definition Carnatic is a sampoorna ragam .
 Carnatic is the prati madhyamam equivalent of Senavati , which is the 7th melakarta .
 Gavambodhi has a few minor janya ragams associated with Carnatic .
 See List of janya ragams for all janya ragams associated with Gavambodhi .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Gavambodhis notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields a minor melakarta ragam Hatakambari .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Hatakambari
Manodharma is a form of improvised music and is created on the spot during the performance , but within the confines of strict grammar of music , as codified in the raga and/or the tala .
It can be likened to speakers resorting to impromptu speech while reading from their prepared texts .
Every carnatic concert has one or many music pieces that showcases the singers prowess and intellect in the form of Manodharma sangeetham .
It serves as an important and integral aspect of Carnatic music .
Based out of Manodharma , Individual styles are developed .
 Manodharma has many aspects and performers develop distinct styles based on his/her musical values , interpretation and understanding .
There is ample scope for manodharma when rendering raga alapana , tanam , neraval , pallavi , swaram and also kritis .
The manodharma is cultivated after several years of constant learning , assimilating and experimenting with various forms of compositions like varnams , kritis , javalis , etc. and also by listening to consummate artistes .
Manodharma plays such a significant role that a capable artiste may never render a raga the same way twice .
To bring out the quintessence of a raga , one has to resort to the exclusive and distinct raga prayogas of the raga which are mostly taken from the set compositions like varnams , kritis etc. .
Unless , these prayogas are brought out in the raga alapana , the identity of the ragam can seldom be established .
For a beginner to identify a raga , these exclusive prayogas are of immense assistance .
Keeping in mind , the lakshana of the raga , its jeeva swaras and also the special prayogas , the artistes develop the raga , weaving patterns after patterns , using various combinations of swaras .
The caliber and finesse of a musician is often judged by his/her ability to bring out the excellence of a raga .
Many musicians of the recent past , such as Ghantasala , G. N. Balasubramaniam , Madurai Mani Iyer , Rajarathnam Pillai , Karukurichi Arunachalam , excelled in their application of manodharma bringing in many a sweet combination of notes of melodies , while limiting themselves to the confines of the raga concerned , embellishing the raga with their ability to produce melodic prayogas
Ranjani and Gayatri are Carnatic concert vocalists and violinists , and sisters .
 Ranjani and Gayatri were born to N. Balasubramanian and Meenakshi .
 Born into a Palakkad Iyer family deeply involved in classical music , Ranjani and Gayatris musical talents were discovered at a very early age .
 Ranjani and Gayatris started Ranjani and Gayatris violin training at the early age of nine and six respectively from Sangita Bhooshanam Prof. T.S. Krishnaswami at the Shanmukhananda Sangeeta Vidyalaya , Mumbai .
 Ranjani and Gayatri began their music career as violin duet artistes even before they reached their teens .
Through their intense training from Sangita Bhooshanam Prof. T. S. Krishnaswami , they quickly established themselves as top-class violinists of international repute .
The sisters achieved success as violin duet performers , and subsequently they also proved successful as violin accompanists .
 Both Ranjani and Gayatri have accompanied various artists on the violin , including D.K. Pattammal .
The sisters have given vocal concerts since 1997 , after they became students of Padma Bhushan Sangeeta Kala Acharya P. S. Narayanaswamy .
They have learnt quite a few Bhajans from vocalist Seetha Narayanan .
Their chance meeting with an amateur Hindustani vocalist in Chennai , Vishwas Joshi , an official of the World Bank working in Washington , from whom they learnt a few abhangs and gavlis , paved way for further learning from Manek Bhide and Appasaheb Deshpande of Kolhapur .
Within barely three years , they won high praises from critics and music lovers all over the globe .
Their music , imbued with a deep and abiding classicism , has been described as an exhilarating blend of vitality , melody and emotion .
 Ever since their debut in 1997 , they have performed in all prominent sabhas in the December Music Festival in Chennai , and at premier institutions all over the country .
They have to their credit several album releases , both violin and vocal .
They give various world tours every year , touring many countries such as the United States , Canada , Singapore , Malaysia , UK , AustraliaNew Zealand and many more .
 Apart from singing , Ranjani and Gayatri also have an interest for composing music .
A few of the abhangs they sing at the end of their concerts have been set to music by them .
 They have also set many other thukkada pieces , including a few Bhajans .
Here is a list of some of the songs set by the sisters : .
 Ranjani and Gayatri have received multiple awards and recognitions throughout their career .
In addition , various music personalities from all over India have recognized their talent .
Most recently , the sitar player of North India , Bharat Ratna Pandit Ravi Shankar , was so impressed by their singing that he organized a concert of theirs in Delhi .
Here is a list of the awards and recognitions received by the sisters : .
 Ranjani and Gayatri have various albums to their credit .
Here is a list of some of the albums that have been released :
Muttuthandavar was a prominent Saivite poet based in the temple town of Chidambaram .
 Muttuthandavar was born in town of Shiyali .
 Muttuthandavar parents were both musicians at the temple of Shiva at Shiyali .
 However , physical disability arising from a disease which afflicted Muttuthandavar in Muttuthandavar youth prevented Muttuthandavar from becoming a musician .
 Muttuthandavar settled down in the nearby town of Chidambaram where Muttuthandavar used to visit the Shiva temple daily out of devotion and sing praises of the presiding deity Lord Shiva .
 Muttuthandavar used to sing a song everyday starting from the first word which fell on Muttuthandavar ears .
 On a particular day , as Muttuthandavar was singing , Muttuthandavar died all of a sudden .
 All Muttuthandavar chants have been preserved and form some of the best devotional hymns in Tamil language
 Vannadil Pudiyaveettil Dhananjayan and Shanta Dhananjayan , also known as the Dhananjayans , are regarded as the legendary dancing couple of present day India .
 V.P Dhananjayan was born into a Malayali Nair family on 17 April 1939 in Payyanur , Kannur District , Kerala , present day India .
 Vannadil Pudiyaveettil Dhananjayan was born into a family with eight children struggling to make ends meet , when a chance meeting with Kathakali Master Guru Chandu Panicker of Kalakshetra made his father decide purely on instinct to send his son and V.Balagopalan to Kalakshetra under his tutelage .
Dhananjayan joined Kalakshetra on 5 October 1953 and was a leading male dance under Rukmini Devi from 1955-1967 .
 Kalakshetra on 5 graduated from Kalakshetra with a Post Graduate Diploma in Dance with distinction , and also holds a B.A in Economics and Politics .
 Shanta Dhananjayan was born on 12 August 1943 into a well-to-do Malayali Nair family in Malaysia and traces her ancestry back to Kerala from where her family migrated to Malaysia .
 She was a child prodigy and by the time she was 3 , her parents were convinced that Shanta when she was 18 would be a dancer .
They found in her an inborn response to dance and joy of movement and decided to send her to India for her education .
 They sent her at age eight to Kalakshetra in June 1952 , a year before Vannadil Pudiyaveettil Dhananjayan , where she later graduated with a Post-Graduate Diploma with distinction in Bharatanatyam and also learned Kathakali and Carnatic music .
 She was a leading female dancer at Kalakshetra from 1955-1968 .
The couple have two sons .
 The elder , Sanjay , lives with Sanjay wife in the USA and The elder , Sanjay younger son , Satyajit , is an accomplished automobile photographer and dancer who lives with Satyajit wife and son in Chennai , India .
 Were USA not for providence in the form of Guru Chandu Panicker , Vannadil Pudiyaveettil Dhananjayan would have been working in some monotonous job in Kerala .
 Vannadil Pudiyaveettil Dhananjayan received a scholarship at Kalakshetra to study Bharatanatyam , Kathakali , Mridangam and music .
 Shanta when she was 18 trained in Bharatanatyam and music apart from other subjects for nearly a decade .
They believe that whatever they have been able to achieve today is due to the painstaking mentoring of their Gurus Rukmini Devi Arundale and Chandu Panicker and various other faculty members of Kalakshetra such as NS Jayalakshmi and Sarada Hoffman .
 While at Kalakshetra , Kalakshetra was love at first sight for Vannadil Pudiyaveettil Dhananjayan .
 Shanta when she was 18 was the first girl Vannadil Pudiyaveettil Dhananjayan met as Vannadil Pudiyaveettil Dhananjayan was being escorted into the portals of Kalakshetra by Guru Panicker .
 Though Shanta when she was 18 was a serious student completely devoted to Shanta when she was 18 dance and music , Shanta when she was 18 had secretly made up Shanta when she was 18 mind , at the age of 12 , to partner Dhananjayan in life .
 Dhananjayan expressed partner Dhananjayan in life desire to marry Shanta when she was 18 , but Shanta when she was 18 left for Malaysia after graduation and did not let partner Dhananjayan in life know of Shanta when she was 18 consent till after returning to present day India 4 years later .
 They married in 1966 at the Guruvayoor Temple in Kerala .
 The Dhananjayans left Kalakshetra in the late 1960s to build a career on They own .
 During that time , only the wealthy and aristocrats who could spend to have They own children perform , dominated the dance scene in Chennai .
However , the caliber of the Dhananjayans was such that they stole the thunder with their novel ideas that they brought to their presentations through a unique repertoire that they developed .
The vitality of dance , their costumes , the attraction of merging of the male and female dance principles in specially conceived duets were all part of the charisma of their performances .
They started to receive invitations from both within the country and from abroad .
They have traveled all over the world to major cultural centers to present their art .
Some of their major performances/productions include : .
 The Dhananjayans place particular emphasis on imparting Indian tradition and culture to their bharata natyam students .
Some details about which they are particular are : .
The Dhananjayans started their own dance school Bharata Kalanjali in 1968 in Adyar , Chennai .
 the Dhananjayans began with a handful of students , and is today a premier academy of dance and music with several hundreds of students and a repertory fashioned out of the Dhananjayans own students and graduates .
 The couple has established an academy of arts at Dhananjayans birthplace Payyanur in Kerala .
They conducted an annual summer Naatya Gurukulam camp which is no longer in operation .
 The Dhananjayans have been conducting an annual summer gurukulam camp at the Satchidananda Ashram , Yogaville , Virginia , USA , since 1988 .
Developed by the Natya Adyayana Gurukulam , the camp is an intensive , full-time residential course devoted entirely to the fine arts .
 Situated in the Virginia countryside , the Virginia countryside is attended by Indian-American and international students .
 The teachers endeavor through the Virginia countryside to spread awareness to their students of Indian culture , values , and explicate the philosophy underlying Hinduism .
Some of the major awards and accolades conferred on the Dhananjayans : .
 Vannadil Pudiyaveettil Dhananjayan has the reputation of voicing Vannadil Pudiyaveettil Dhananjayan views and is very forthright in speaking out about social and political issues .
 Vannadil Pudiyaveettil Dhananjayan recent publication Beyond performing art and culture , talks about various social and political issues concerning present day present day India or Bhaaratam , the way Vannadil Pudiyaveettil Dhananjayan urges everyone to call the country .
V.P Dhananjayan is a prolific writer and writes not only on dance but also on social and political issues .
 Vannadil Pudiyaveettil Dhananjayan publications include :
Shanmukhapriya and Haripriya , popularly known as the Priya Sisters , are eminent Carnatic music singers .
 Shanmukhapriya and Haripriya hail originally from Amalapuram in East Godavari District , Andhra Pradesh.They started learning Carnatic music from Shanmukhapriya and Haripriya father , Sri V.V.Subbaram , at an early age .
 In order to nurture Shanmukhapriya and Haripriya musical talent , Shanmukhapriya and Haripriya father shifted base to Chennai .
 Later Shanmukhapriya and Haripriya became the disciples of the renowned duo Radha and Jayalakshmi who were disciples of the legendary G. N. Balasubramaniam .
 Shanmukhapriya and Haripriya learnt many nuances and subtleties of music during the five-year tenure under Shanmukhapriya and Haripriya including the advice that the singing should be so clear that the listener should be able to notate the entire kriti .
 Improving Shanmukhapriya and Haripriya repertoire was a major project and learning , a continuous process .
 Hence Shanmukhapriya and Haripriya joined Professor T.R.Subramaniam .
 Shanmukhapriya and Haripriya learnt many pallavis and kritis from him.Currently , Shanmukhapriya and Haripriya are under the guidance of T. R. Subramaniam .
 Shanmukhapriya and Haripriya are part of the trend of duo singing in Carnatic music , which started in the 1950s , with performers like Radha Jayalakshmi , Soolamangalam Sisters and later continued by Bombay Sisters
Dwaram Bhavanarayana Rao was famous Violinist and son of legendary Padmasri Dwaram Venkataswamy Naidu .
 Dwaram Bhavanarayana Rao is born to Dwaram Venkataswamy Naidu and Venkata Jaggayyamma on 15 June 1924 at Bapatla .
 Dwaram Bhavanarayana Rao was educated in Chennai .
 Dwaram Bhavanarayana Rao was trained by Dwaram Bhavanarayana Rao father , and the late Prof. P. Sambamurthy .
 Dwaram Bhavanarayana Rao has worked as Principal of Maharajahs Government College of Music and Dance at Vizianagaram from 1962 to 1973 .
 Dwaram Bhavanarayana Rao has also worked as Principal of Government Music College at Vijayawada .
 Dwaram Bhavanarayana Rao has translated the Brihaddeshi of Matanga Muni , Chaturdandi Prakasika of Pandit Venkatamakhi and Dattilam of Dattila Muni into Telugu language and published the Brihaddeshi of Matanga Muni .
 Dwaram Bhavanarayana Rao was also translated some of the music theory books but they were not in print .
 Dwaram Bhavanarayana Rao died of Cardiac arrest at Dwaram Bhavanarayana Rao residence in Visakhapatnam on 24 July 2000 .
 Dwaram Bhavanarayana Rao was 76 years of age and is survived by wife , three sons and two daughters .
 Dwaram Bhavanarayana Rao was the recipient of Andhra Pradesh Sangita Nataka Academy award and Sangita Kalaprapoorna award from Andhra University .
 Dwaram Bhavanarayana Rao was a member of the advisory board of the Madras Music Academy
Malayamarutam is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Malayamarutam is a janya ragam , as Malayamarutam does not have all the seven swaras .
This scale is used in Hindustani music in recent years by instrumentalists .
This is a morning raga and regularly used in programmes and functions of the mornings .
 Malayamarutam is a symmetric ragam that does not contain madhyamam .
 Malayamarutam is a hexatonic scale .
 Malayamarutam structure is as follows : .
The notes used in this scale are shadjam , shuddha rishabham , antara gandharam , panchamam , chathusruthi dhaivatham and kaisiki nishadam .
 Malayamarutam is considered a janya ragam of Chakravakam , the 16th Melakarta ragam , though Malayamarutam can be derived from Ramapriya also , by dropping madhyamam .
 Malayamarutam is a pleasing scale , but has only a few compositions in classical music .
 Malayamarutam has been used to score film music as well .
 Here are some popular kritis composed in Malayamarutam .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam
Alathur Srinivasa Iyer , born in an Iyer Brahmin family in Tamil Nadu , was an Indian vocalist .
 Together with Alathur Sivasubramania Iyer , Alathur Sivasubramania Iyer formed the successful duo known as the Alathur Brothers , though the two were not in fact brothers .
 A student of Alathur Venkatesa Iyer , Alathur Srinivasa Iyer gave his first performances when he was ten years old .
From 1944 to 1968 .
He was a court musician for the Maharajah of Travancore .
He lived longer than his partner , Alathur Sivasubramania Iyer and performed many solo concerts after the death of Sivasubramania Iyer
Swaramelakalanidhi is a much celebrated musicological treatise of 16th century Vijayanagara .
Authored by Ramamatya in the year 1550 , the work is counted among the sangita shastra navaratnas or the nine gems of the theory of Carnatic music .
 The works importance lies in the fact that The works importance is more relevant and related to modern practice than the books written prior to The works importance .
 Spread over five chapters , Spread over five chapters deals primarily with the theory of raga , describes the melas for the classification of raga - and the different shuddha svaras and vikrta svaras constituting the melas .
Works by other celebrated contemporaries like Pundarika Vitthala and Somanantha also deal with similar themes , namely the description of ragas , their classification under melas and the enumeration of the shuddha and vikrta svaras constituting the melas .
Minor ideological difference can however be discerned among these works .
Ramamatya was the grandson of the illustrious Kallinatha .
He was also the royal composer and architect at the court of king Ramaraja .
He described himself as abhinavabharatacharya and todara-malla who wears the honorific anklet -RRB- .
The Kannada term means hero who wears the honorific anklet .
The last epithet is however , usually interpreted by some as alluding Todarmal , a minister in the Mughal emperor Akbar s court , the anachronism notwithstanding .
The Svaramelakalanidhi brings the theory up to date , rationalizes intervals and scales , introduces the concepts of svayambhu-svara , .
dharashruti paryayatattva and pratinidhitattva of svaras .
Mukhari is established as the shuddhasvara saptaka .
It also fixes and standardizes musical intervals on the keyboard , defines the accordatura , range , preferred strings etc. , for a variety of stringed keyboards .
Among other things , it also innovates and dedicates a new keyboard to king Achyutaraya .
A new scheme for classifying ragas into uttama , madhyama and adhama on the basis of their expressive potential is also expounded in the work .
It also resolves the problem of the antara and kaishiki notes
Doreswamy Iyengar , generally known as Mysore V. Doreswamy Iyengar , was a Carnatic musician and one of the greatest exponents of the Veena in modern history .
 Born into a family of musicians , His father , Venkatesha Iyengar , was Venkatesha Iyengar a Vainika and a musician in the court of the Maharaja of Mysore .
 He started learning the Veena from his father at an early age and soon became the disciple of Veena Venkatagiriyappa , one of the foremost Vainikas of the day in Mysore .
He performed in the esteemed presence of the then Maharaja of Mysore at the age of 12 .
 The Maharaja liked the Maharaja of Mysore performance and awarded the Maharaja of Mysore a 50 rupee silver coin .
 The Maharaja also asked Veena Venkatagiriyappa to nurture the boy as he thought Doreswamy Iyengar would bring laurels to the state of Mysore .
 the Maharaja of Mysore gave the Maharaja of Mysore first public performance in 1943 , in the Bangalore Gayana Samaja .
 the Maharaja of Mysore participated in music conferences including the one in the Shiraz , Iran in 1969 where the Maharaja of Mysore also performed at the Shiraz - Persepolis Festival of Arts .
 Over the course of the Maharaja of Mysore career , accolades poured in .
 the Maharaja of Mysore was awarded the Padma Vibhushan , the Chowdiah National memorial award , the Sangeetha Kalaratna of the the Bangalore Gayana Samaja gayana Samaj , the Sangeetha Kalasikhamani of the Indian Fine Arts society and the Sangeetha Kalanidhi of the Madras Music academy .
 the Maharaja of Mysore studied BA in the Maharajas College , Mysore .
 the Maharaja of Mysore was the music director of the All India Radio in the Bangalore Gayana Samaja .
 The University of Mysore conferred on the Maharaja of Mysore an Honorary Doctorate in 1975 .
In an age when most of the other Vainikas started using the contact microphone , Doreswamy Iyengar remained a purist and stuck to the ` acoustic ' Veena .
 the other Vainikas style of playing is sometimes referred to as the Mysore style .
This style is marked by the movements from one note to another , achieved with the playing fingers parted .
 This , along with his unique style of plucking the strings enabled him to achieve the continuity of sound so essential to Carnatic music .
The Veena is a solo instrument and is accompanied only by percussion instruments .
However , the concerts of Doreswamy Iyengar accompanied by Mysore T Chowdiah on the violin became very popular .
He has participated in many Jugalbandis including other famous musicians such as Ustad Ali Akbar Khan .
He also composed music for dance dramas , especially those of P. T. Narasimhachar or pu ti na , a renowned Kannada poet .
His son , D. Balakrishna , who was with Reserve Bank of India is among the foremost Vainikas of the day and is the torchbearer of the unique Mysore style of playing the veena .
Another Vainika of note , who was Doreswamy Iyengar 's disciple , was C. Krishnamurthy .
 Doriswamy Iyengar also composed music for a few Kannada films , notably Subbashastri , starring Kalyan Kumar
 the Minister of Education was a composer of Carnatic music who lived during the 17th century in the village of Karvetinagaram in Andhra Pradesh .
 the Minister of Education is famous for the Minister of Education composition of his popular Padams , a type of Carnatic song sung during Bharatanatyam performances .
 the Minister of Education was the Minister of Education in the court of the local king Venkata Perumal .
 the Minister of Education was fluent in both Telugu and Sanskrit and wrote almost 200 Padams in both languages.His songs were written in tribute to the god Krishna and contain the mudra Venugopala .
 Some of the Minister of Education popular Padams are Mogadochi , Pattakura , and Upamugane
Dr. Vellore A. R. Srinivasan is a classical Carnatic musician as well as an Associate Professor of Biochemistry at Mahatma Gandhi Medical College & Research Institute at Sri Balaji Vidyapeeth University in Pondicherry , India .
 Dr. Vellore A. R. Srinivasan was born May 6 , 1962 at Vellore , Tamil Nadu , Pondicherry , India .
 Dr. Vellore A. R. Srinivasan had Dr. Vellore A. R. Srinivasan undergraduate education at Voorhees College , Vellore , Tamil Nadu , Pondicherry , India and obtained a first class degree in Chemistry in 1982 Dr. Vellore A. R. Srinivasan received the Madras University topper award in M. Sc .
Biochemistry .
 Dr. Vellore A. R. Srinivasan received Dr. Vellore A. R. Srinivasan Ph.D. degree in Biochemistry from Mysore University in 2000 after doctoral thesis work with the Central Food Technological Research Institute , Mysore , Pondicherry , India Srinivasan is one of the inventors of a patent '' A process for the preparation of intracellular Phenylalanine ammonia-lyase enzyme '' '' .
Training in music : Vellore A.R.Srinivasan received lessons in Carnatic vocal from the Vidwans : - Sri Sembiakudi Janakiraman , Sri M.R.Srinivasan and Sri Bellary M.Ragavendra .
 Dr. Vellore A. R. Srinivasan learnt the art of playing percussion instruments from Vidwan Vellore C.M.Kuttiappa .
 Presently , Dr. Vellore A. R. Srinivasan is receiving advanced training in percussion from the well known Guru Tiruvarur Sri R.Krishnamoorthy .
Multifaceted musician : - Vellore Srinivasan has performed for temples and educational institutions .
As a percussionist , he plays the kanjira and morsing .
He has composed over 800 songs that include keerthanas on many deities of the Hindu pantheon .
 He has composed songs on the religious philosophers and seers of Pondicherry , India .
He has received awards and titles which include Nadayoga Shironmani , instituted by YOGNAT .
 He is included in the Musicians ' Diary for his work in Carnatic vocals , along with his Kanjira and morsing work
Suryakantam or Sooryakantam is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Suryakantam is the 17th melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Suryakantam is called Chayavati in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
 Suryakantam is the 5th ragam in the 3rd chakra Agni .
The mnemonic name is Agni-Ma .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ra gu ma pa dhi nu .
Its structure is as follows : .
This scale uses the swaras , shuddha rishabham , antara gandharam , shuddha madhyamam , chathusruthi dhaivatham and kakali nishadham .
 As Suryakantam is a melakarta ragam , by definition Suryakantam is a ragam .
 Suryakantam is the shuddha madhyamam equivalent of Gamanashrama , which is the 53rd melakarta scale .
Chayavati is the 17th Melakarta in the original list compiled by Venkatamakhin .
The notes used in the scale are the same , but the actual ascending scale is different , where-in the panchamam is not used .
 Suryakantam has many janya ragams associated with Suryakantam , of which Vasanta , Sowrashtram and Bhairavam are popular in concerts , set to Suryakantam .
See List of janya ragams for those associated with Suryakantam .
 Here are a few common compositions sung in concerts , set to Suryakantam , set to Suryakantam .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Suryakantams notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 2 melakarta ragams , namely Senavati and Latangi .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Suryakantam
Vijaya Dasa was a prominent saint from the Haridasa tradition of Karnataka , India in the 18th century , and a scholar of the Dvaita philosophical tradition .
 Along with contemporary haridasa saints such as Gopala Dasa , Helevankatte Giriamma , Jagannatha Dasa and Prasanna Venkata Dasa , Helevankatte Giriamma propagated the virtues of the philosophy of Madhwacharya across South India through devotional songs called devaranama written in the Kannada language .
An integral part of Kannada Vaishnava devotional literature , these compositions in praise of the Hindu god Vishnu are called dasara padagalu .
These compositions can be more specifically categorized as keertanas , suladis , ugabhogas , and simply padas .
They were easy to sing to the accompaniment of a musical instrument and dealt with bhakti and the virtues of a pious life .
 Vijaya Dasa was born in a poor Brahmin family in Cheekalaparvi in Manvi taluk of Raichur district , Karnataka state .
 a poor Brahmin family in Cheekalaparvi parents were Sri Srinivasappa and Kusamma .
 Sri Srinivasappa left home at a young age and studied Sanskrit in Varanasi for four years .
 Later when Sri Srinivasappa marriage was troubled by poverty , Sri Srinivasappa went back to Varanasi where Sri Srinivasappa became a scholar .
 One night , Sri Srinivasappa had a dream in which the 16th century Carnatic composer and wandering saint Purandara Dasa initiated Carnatic into the Haridasa tradition and gave Carnatic the nom de plume Vijaya Vittala .
 From that day Sri Srinivasappa was called Vijaya Dasa , and dedicated Sri Srinivasappa life to spreading Dvaita teachings .
 Sri Srinivasappa 25,000 extant compositions earned Sri Srinivasappa the title Dasa Shresta .
 Sri Srinivasappa compositions which use many Sanskrit words come under the category of Kalasha and Urasu creations and are considered an important component of Kannada literature .
 Sri Srinivasappa purported miracles include calming the Ganges , entering Ganges without getting wet , preventing a woman from committing suicide , resurrecting Sri Srinivasappa son , and making an uneducated man speak difficult Sanskrit proficiently .
 Sri Srinivasappa is among the group credited with starting the practice of singing devotional songs while walking up the Tirumala hills in modern Andhra Pradesh .
These hills are the location of the Tirumala Venkateswara Temple , an important pilgrim locations for Vaishnava Hindus
Carnatic raga refers to ragas used in Carnatic music .
A Carnatic raga has several components - primordial sound , tonal system , pitch , scale , ornaments and important tones .
Janaka ragas are parent ragas from which more ragas are derived .
They are also called Melakarta ragas .
 These ragas have all 7 swaras in They scales , following strict ascending and descending scales and are sung in all octaves .
 Janya ragas are derived from Janaka ragas .
 They may have less than 7 notes in They scales , or have additional notes in They , zig-zag notes that step and down , asymmetrical scales , etc. .
See full list of Janya ragas .
A Carnatic raga has several components - primordial sound , tonal system , intervals , scale , ornaments and important tones .
An aim of composer-performers of the past and present is to realise nada , however , the sound that is audible to human ears is only a fraction of primordial sound .
 The Carnatic tonal system consists of seven basic pitches , expressed by the solfa syllables : Sa , Ri , Ga , Ma , Pa , Da and Ni .
A Carnatic raga consists of an ascending and descending scale pattern .
Both ascent and descent should have at least five tones , although rarer ragas contain fewer tones .
Scales establish rules for all performers to adhere to in melodic performance , and provide a tonal boundary .
Typical scale features also act to help listeners identify ragas .
 Gamaka , or ornamentation , is essential in Carnatic raga performance .
 Gamaka encompasses controlled shaking , articulating , sliding , glottal stops and other vocal or instrumental manipulation .
The swara and scale defines only the skeletal structure of a raga .
 The handling of Gamaka actually defines the raga .
Improvisation in raga is the soul of Indian classical music - an essential aspect .
 Manodharma sangeetham or kalpana sangeetham as Manodharma sangeetham is known in Carnatic music , embraces several varieties of improvisation .
An alapana , sometimes also called ragam , is the exposition of a raga or tone - a slow improvisation with no rhythm , where the raga acts as the basis of embellishment .
In performing alapana , performers consider each raga as an object that has beginnings and endings and consists somehow of sequences of thought .
The performer will explore the ragam and touch on its various nuances , singing in the lower octaves first , then gradually moving up to higher octaves , while giving a hint of the song to be performed .
Niraval , usually performed by the more advanced performers , consists of singing one or two lines of a song repeatedly , but with a series of melodic improvised elaborations .
The lines are then also played at different levels of speed which can include double speed , triple speed , quadruple speed and even sextuple speed .
Kalpanaswaram , also known as swarakalpana , consists of improvising melodic and rhythmic passages using swaras .
Kalpanaswaras are sung to end on a particular swara in the raga of the melody and at a specific place in the tala cycle .
Generally , the swaras are sung to end on the samam , and can be sung at the same speed or double the speed of the melody that is being sung , though some artists sing triple-speed phrases too .
Tanam is one of the most important forms of improvisation , and is integral to Ragam-Tanam-Pallavi .
 Originally developed for the veena , Tanam consists of expanding the raga with syllables like tha , nam , thom , aa , nom , na , etc. .
 Ragam-Tanam-Pallavi is the principal long form in concerts , and is a composite form of improvisation .
As the name suggests , it consists of raga alapana , tanam , and a pallavi line .
Set to a slow-paced tala , the pallavi line is often composed by the performer .
Through niraval , the performer manipulates the pallavi line in complex melodic and rhythmic ways .
The niraval is followed by kalpanaswarams .
When learning a raga , it is never enough just to know the basic scale of the raga .
In fact , different ragas can sometimes have the same scales .
For example , the raga pairs Bhairavi and Manji , Mayamalavagowla and Nadanamakriya , Bilahari and Mand , Shankarabharanam and Kurinji , among others , have exactly the same scale , but are clearly distinct ragas due to the way the notes and musical phrases are rendered .
In addition , the scale of the raga often does not offer insight into some of the subtleties of the raga , such as usage of gamakas , anya swaras , and ragabhavam .
This is especially true for heavier ragas like Yadhukula Kambodhi , Thodi , Sahana , Huseni , Varali , etc. .
An interesting case to observe is the similarity between the ragas Darbar and Nayaki .
 Both are upanga janyas of the 22nd mela Kharaharapriya , and have similar patterns in both Both ascending and descending scales .
However the two ragas are distinctly different , especially where the usage of the gandhara and nishada are concerned .
 When singing Darbar , these swaras are rendered more quickly with gamaka , and shine especially well when jante prayogas are used in the descending .
 On the other hand , these swaras are more elongated in Nayaki , as illustrated in the pallavi of Muttusvami Dikshitar s famous composition , RanganayakamBhavayeham .
The best way to learn a raga and account for all its subtleties , therefore , is to refer to compositions , which often contain a wealth of phrases that lend beauty to the raga .
 Before an artist attempts to sing a raga , he or Nayaki should be familiar with several compositions in that raga .
 He or Nayaki should have also listened to many different renderings of the raga by various artists , in order to get a better sense of how certain phrases can be applied .
The Harikatha tradition , which originated in the Indian state of Maharashtra , involves popular storytelling combined with dance and music .
 Krishna Bhagavathar , an exponent of Carnatic music , is responsible for creating the South Indian harikatha style - singing in raga , dancing with tala , and narrating stories in a manner that sustains the attention of the audience .
In effect , harikatha is an art form that requires knowledge of raga , Carnatic music , dance , speech , diction and dramatic technique .
Harikatha performance aims to communicate with non-literate and literate audiences .
 Well-known harikatha performers had sound knowledge of Carnatic music in the early part of the 20th century - some were well established Carnatic musicians , while others were composers .
Today , a few performers keep this tradition alive , and use ragas from both Carnatic music and Hindustani music traditions
In music , a drone is a harmonic or monophonic effect or accompaniment where a note or chord is continuously sounded throughout most or all of a piece .
The word drone is also used to refer to any part of a musical instrument that is just used to produce such an effect .
A drone effect can be achieved through a sustained sound or through repetition of a note .
 A drone effect most often establishes a tonality upon which the rest of the piece is built .
A drone can be instrumental , vocal or both .
The systematic use of drones originated in instrumental music of ancient Southwest Asia , including that of Australian Indigenous peoples , and spread north and west to Europe , east to India , and south to Africa .
 The systematic use of drones is used in Indian music and is played with the tanpura and other Indian drone instruments like the ottu , the ektar , the dotara , the surpeti , the surmandal and the shank .
In the West , they are found since the 1960s in modern drone music .
 In vocal music drone is particularly widespread in traditional musical cultures , particularly in Europe , Polynesia and Melanesia .
 Europe is also present in some isolated regions of Southwest Asia ; Drone can be placed in different ranges of the polyphonic texture : in the lowest part , in the highest part , or in the middle .
Drone is the name of the part of a musical instrument intended to produce the drone effects sustained pitch , generally without the ongoing attention of the player .
Different melodic Indian instruments contain a drone .
For example , the sitar features three or four resonating drone strings , and Indian notes are practiced to a drone .
Bagpipes feature a number of drone pipes , giving the instruments their characteristic sounds .
A hurdy-gurdy has one or more drone strings .
The fifth string on a five-string banjo is a drone string with a separate tuning peg that places the end of the string five frets down the neck of the instrument ; this string is usually tuned to the same note as that which the first string produces when played at the fifth fret , and the drone string is seldom fretted .
The bass strings of the Slovenian drone zither also freely resonate as a drone .
The Welsh Crwth also features two drone strings .
Composers of Western classical music occasionally used a drone to evoke a rustic or archaic atmosphere , perhaps echoing that of Scottish or other early or folk music .
Examples include the following : .
However , drones are less often used in common practice classical music , because equal temperament causes slight mistunings , which become more apparent over a drone , especially when also sustained .
On the other hand , drones may be purposely dissonant , as often found in the music of Phill Niblock .
The best-known drone piece in the concert repertory is the Prelude to Wagner s Das Rheingold wherein the bass instruments sustain an Eb throughout the entire movement .
Later drone pieces include Loren Rush s Hard Music , Folke Rabe s Was ??
, and Robert Erickson s Down at Piraeus .
Contemporary folk music uses the drone effect extensively .
 In much of Bob Dylan s early work Bob Dylan uses this effect with a retuned guitar , for instance Masters of War and Mr Tambourine Man .
 Contemporary classical musicians who make prominent use of drones , often with just or other non-equal tempered tunings , include La Monte Young and many of Bob Dylan students , David First , the band Coil , the early experimental compilations of John Cale , Pauline Oliveros and Stuart Dempster , Alvin Lucier , Ellen Fullman , Lawrence Chandler and Arnold Dreyblatt .
The music of Italian composer Giacinto Scelsi is essentially drone-based .
Shorter drones or the general concept of a continuous element are often used by many other composers .
Other composers whose music is entirely based on drones include Charlemagne Palestine and Phill Niblock .
Drone was virtually absent in original RocknRoll music , but gained popularity after The Beatles used drone in a few popular compositions .
They also used high drone for the dramatic effect in some sections of several of their compositions .
The rock ensemble U2 uses drones in their compositions particularly widely .
Also the avant-garde guitarist Glenn Branca uses drones extensively .
A drone differs from a pedal tone or point in degree or quality .
A pedal point may be a form of nonchord tone and thus required to resolve unlike a drone , or a pedal point may simply be considered a shorter drone , a drone being a longer pedal point .
Drones are used by a number of music education programs for ear training and pitch awareness , as well as a way to improvise ensemble music .
A Shruti box is often used by vocalists in this style of musical training .
As an alternative to a music theory approach to interval analysis , multiple drones can be used in exercises that take a humanistic or experiential approach to musical intervals
 V. Selvaganesh is an Indian percussionist working in the Carnatic tradition and one of the leading kanjira player of V. Selvaganesh generation .
 V. Selvaganesh is also known as Chella S. Ganesh .
 Born in Chennai to Grammy - winning musician Vikku Vinayakram , a former member of the original Shakti , Grammy is the grandson of T. R. Harihara Sarma , who founded the Sri Jaya Ganesh Tala Vadya Vidyalaya in Chennai .
 V. Selvaganesh gained world fame through tours with John McLaughlin s group , Remember the original Shakti .
 V. Selvaganesh helps V. Selvaganesh father , Grammy-winner T.H. Vikku Vinayakram , to run the Sri JGTV school and train a new generation of Carnatic percussionists .
 V. Selvaganesh has also composed and produced albums and played with the Swedish bass player Jonas Hellborg and American guitar virtuoso Shawn Lane .
 V. Selvaganesh debut international solo album , Soukha , was released in 2006 featuring all other regular members of Remember Shakti including John McLaughlin , Zakir Hussain , U. Srinivas and Shankar Mahadevan , as well as sitar player Niladri Kumar and Selvaganeshs father T.H. Vikku Vinayakram .
 V. Selvaganesh has also formed a new group called dr JSM , with the UK-based Goan songwriter/producer dr.Joel and the young Carnatic singer Mahesh .
Their Indo - Celtic album entitled Turn on the dreams was released in the UK in 2005 .
 In 2012 , V. Selvaganesh made V. Selvaganesh film directorial debut with Bodhai , a short film in Tamil .
 V. Selvaganesh also composed the four-track soundtrack which was released in digital format by Saregama .
 V. Selvaganesh made V. Selvaganesh debut composing for films with the Tamil movie Vennila Kabadi Kuzhu .
 V. Selvaganesh next scored the music for the Tamil film Kola Kolaya Mundhirika where V. Selvaganesh had composed a diverse album containing a Punjabi-style Bhangra song sung by his favorite singer Shankar Mahadevan favorite singer Shankar Mahadevan , a south Indian folk song , a hip-hop number , and an romantic ballad that brings together singers S. P. Balasubrahmanyam and K. S. Chithra after a very long time .
 The theme track of the film brought together Swedish guitarists Mattias Eklundh on V. Selvaganesh signature electric guitar and Jonas Hellborg on the bass respectively , Ranjit Barot on the drums , and Selvaganeshs father Vikku Vinayakram on the Ghatam .
 The theme track of the film marks the first time that so many world-renowned musicians have collaborated in the history of Tamil film music
Madhyamavati is a raga in Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is an audava raga .
 Carnatic is a janya raga , as Carnatic does not have all the seven musical notes .
The equivalent of Madhyamavati in Hindustani music is Madhumad Sarang .
 It is considered a very auspicious ragam and every Carnatic music concert ends with either a song in Madhyamavati or the ending of the last song is sung in this ragam .
It is very suitable for elaboration and exploration due to even spacing of notes .
The scale uses the first three notes of the cycle of fifths S , P and R2 and fourths S , M1 and N2 .
 Madhyamavati is a symmetric ragam that does not contain gandharam or dhaivatam .
It is a pentatonic scale .
Its structure is as follows : .
This scale uses the notes chatushruti rishabham , shuddha madhyamam , panchamam and kaisiki nishadam .
 Madhyamavati is considered a janya ragam of Kharaharapriya , the 22nd Melakarta ragam , though it can be derived from other melakarta ragams , Charukesi , Natabhairavi or Harikambhoji , by dropping both gandharam and dhaivatam .
 Madhyamavati ragam lends Madhyamavati for extensive elaboration and exploration and has many compositions .
Here are some popular kritis composed in this scale .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Madhyamavatis notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 4 other major pentatonic ragams , namely , Mohanam , Hindolam , Shuddha Saveri and Udayaravichandrika .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 For more details and illustration of this concept refer Graha bhedam on Mohanam
 M S Sheela is a leading Carnatic classical vocalist who has made Carnatic mark in classical , light as well as devotional genres of music .
 Carnatic has the rare distinction of being a top rank artist of AIR and Doordarshan in both classical and light music .
M. S. Sheela hails from a family of musicians .
 M. S. Sheela got M. S. Sheela initial musical guidance from M. S. Sheela mother late Smt M N Rathna , a popular musician of yesteryears .
 M.S Sheela was a disciple of Sangeetha Kalanidhi Dr R K Srikantan whose strict and rigorous musical training is supposed to have added luster to M. S. Sheela musical prowess .
 M. S. Sheela has a postgraduate degree in Music from Bangalore University , and is a Gold medallist .
M S Sheela started giving musical performances from a very young age .
 M. S. Sheela has performed widely across India and abroad .
 M. S. Sheela has been giving regular performances on All India Radio and Doordarshan , and has featured on the Radio Sangeeth Sammelan , Trinity Festival , National Programmes and numerous special features .
 M. S. Sheela has given performance in USA , Canada and Australia .
 M. S. Sheela was sponsored by the State Government of Karnataka for M. S. Sheela US concert tour .
 CMNA , New Jersey , Bhairavi Fine Arts , Cleveland , USA , Nadatarangini Fine Arts , Washington , Carnatic Music Circle of Australia are few among the organizations abroad that have hosted CMNA performances .
M S Sheela has also performed in musical concerts in Middle East and London .
 M S Sheela has a large number of audio releases like Srividyadarshana , Ninada and Sadashiva Madhurya series produced by All India Radio , Bangalore to Ninada credit .
 Ninada renditions of Lalithasahasranama , Sharada Suprabhata , Venkateshwara Suprabhata , Soundarya Lahari etc. are widely popular and in great demand .
 M S Sheela is the first woman artist from Karnataka who has a top rank in Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is also the first top rank artist from the state of Karnataka in Sugama Sangeetha .
 M. S. Sheela is a trained Bharatanatyam Dancer and has given dance performances till the early 90s .
 To promote Indian classical music through innovative programmes and thematic audio albums M. S. Sheela and M. S. Sheela husband Prof B K Ramaswamy , have together founded Hamsadhwani Creations .
Haridasa Namana , Palinchu Kamakshi , Guru Raghavendra are some of her audio releases through Hamsadhwani Creations .
She roped in all the leading carnatic vocalists of the state for Hamsadhwanis thematic series such as Haridasa Namana and Vaggeya Vaibhava .
 M. S. Sheela and M. S. Sheela husband through Hamsadhwani creations organise many music workshops , programmes by youth and seasoned musicians .
 An annual Hamsadhwani festival is also observed by Hamsadhwani creations .
They also felicitate great achievers of the field through Hamsadhwani Puraskara .
 Madras Music Academy adjudged M. S. Sheela as Outstanding Senior Female Vocalist during Madras Music Academy annual music festival in 1997 .
 Karnataka State Government has honoured M. S. Sheela with Rajyothsava Award .
 M. S. Sheela has received the award for Best Female Playback Singer for the year 1997-98 from Karnataka State Film Chambers .
 M. S. Sheela was adjudged the best musician of the annual music conference of Karnataka Ganakalaparishat for the year 2000 , and was awarded Ananya Puraskar .
 M. S. Sheela is also an Asthana Vidushi of Sri Jagadguru Shankaracharya Mahasamsthanam Dakshinamnaya Sri Sarada Peetham , Sringeri .
 M. S. Sheela is the recipient of Gaurava Puraskara of Karnataka Sangeeta Nritya Academy for the year 2007
Dr. S. A. Kumari Durga is a musicologist and ethnomusicologist from the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
 Dr. S. A. Kumari Durga is the founder of the Centre for Ethnomusicology based in Chennai .
 Dr. S. A. Kumari Durga was born in Kumbakonam , Tamil Nadu on June 1 , 1940 to S. A. Venkatarama Iyer and Lalithabai .
 Dr. S. A. Kumari Durga had Dr. S. A. Kumari Durga initial coaching in Carnatic music from Dr. S. A. Kumari Durga mother , Lalithabai , who was a reputed harikatha expert and a disciple of Rajamanickam Pillai .
 Dr. S. A. Kumari Durga grandfather , S. A. Swaminatha Iyer , was a famous patron of Carnatic music .
 Dr. S. A. Kumari Durga began having music lessons from Tirukkodikaval Venkatarama Iyer at the age of eight and from Madurai Mani Iyer at the age of eleven .
 Dr. S. A. Kumari Durga had Dr. S. A. Kumari Durga advanced training from T. Viswanathan and Balamuralikrishna .
 Dr. S. A. Kumari Durga learnt Hindustani classical music from Ustad Mohammed Munnawar of Delhi .
 Durga pursued Dr. S. A. Kumari Durga postgraduate education in voice culture at the University of Madras .
 As a part of Dr. S. A. Kumari Durga studies in voice culture , Dr. S. A. Kumari Durga studied physiology under ENT doctors M.S. Venkataraman and S. Ramasamy .
 On completion of Dr. S. A. Kumari Durga postgraduate degree , Dr. S. A. Kumari Durga worked as a lecturer at the university from 1976 to 1979 .
 During Dr. S. A. Kumari Durga service as lecturer , Dr. S. A. Kumari Durga was invited to participate at the International Institute for Experimental Research in Singing at Denver , Colorado , where Dr. S. A. Kumari Durga paper on Voice Abuse and misuse was adjudged the best .
 Dr. S. A. Kumari Durga completed Dr. S. A. Kumari Durga doctorate in ethnomusicology at Wesleyan University , USA .
 On March 8 , 1984 , Dr. S. A. Kumari Durga performed at a celebration marking the 150th anniversary of Wesleyan University .
 On obtaining Dr. S. A. Kumari Durga doctorate , Dr. S. A. Kumari Durga carried out a comparative study of Gregorian and Vedic chants and Thevaram hymns as a part of Dr. S. A. Kumari Durga post-doctoral research work at Yale University .
 In 1984 , Dr. S. A. Kumari Durga was awarded the Eleanor Roosevelt International Fellowship of International Federation of University of Women .
 Dr. S. A. Kumari Durga was awarded the title Skylark of India by the American Theatre Group of New York and the Gnana Samudhra award by Samudhra magazine on the occasion of the title Skylark of India fourth anniversary .
 Dr. S. A. Kumari Durga served as the Professor Emeritus of the Department of Indian music at the University of Madras for four years and founded the centre of Ethnomusicology based in Chennai in Chennai and currently serves as the Department of Indian music director .
 Dr. S. A. Kumari Durga is the first Asian to have written a book on ethnomusicology .
 From January 25 , 2000 to May 23 , 2000 , Dr. S. A. Kumari Durga wrote a weekly column on ethnomusic for chennaionline.com .
 Dr. S. A. Kumari Durga was one of the participants at the First International Conference on Lord Murugan held in Chennai between December 28 and December 30 , 1998 and in the Second International Murugan Conference held in Mauritius between April 24 and April 29 , 2001 , where Dr. S. A. Kumari Durga delivered a lecture on Lord Murugan in Nada Rupa -- A critical study
Charumathi Ramachandran is a Carnatic music singer .
 Carnatic is a disciple of M.L. Vasanthakumari .
 Carnatic was a gold medalist and stood first in music from the Madras University .
 Carnatic was the first carnatic vocalist to introduce Hindustani forms in Hindustani music .
 Carnatic is married to Trichur V. Ramachandran , who is also a well known Carnatic vocalist
Madhuvanti is the name of a raga used in Indian classical music .
It is a Hindustani music raga , which is reported to have been borrowed into Carnatic music , and is structurally similar to Multani .
This Raag is based on Kalyan Thaat.It is a romantic raga based on the foundation , eternity and colors of love .
Madhu literally means honey .
 Madhu is a very sweet raga with a very simple philosophy of love and romance .
Madhuvantis notes are S g M P N S while ascending and all the swaras , S N D P M g R S , in the descent .

 Madhuvanti belongs to thaat Todi .
 Madhuvanti expresses a gentle loving sentiment .
Refer to the introduction .
 Madhuvanti is the janya raga of the 59th Melakarta of Carnatic Music , Dharmavati .
The notes used are Chathusruthi Rishabham , Sadharana Gandharam , Prati Madhyamam , Chathusruthi Dhaivatham and Kakali Nishadham .
 Notations of Carnatic music and Hindustani music differ a little bit .
 Carnatic is an audava-sampurna raga .
 Madhuvanti is a very melodious raga .
This raga has been used to compose many tukadas .
Sri Sadasiva Brahmendras composition , Sarvam Brahmamayam is often rendered in this raga .
 There is also a composition by Manachanallur Giridharan about Lord Ganesha as Pillaiyarpatti Deity in Sri Sadasiva Brahmendras composition 2012 album titled Uchi Pillaiyare Charanam in raaga Madhuvanti .
It has also been used in Indian movie songs and music as it lends itself to lilting melodies
T. V. Ramprasadh is one of the prominent Carnatic classical vocalists of India .
 After T. V. Ramprasadh training from Mahalakshmi Natrajan and Sharada Satyanarayana , T. V. Ramprasadh received T. V. Ramprasadh advanced training from maestros like Padma Bhushan P. S. Narayanaswamy , Sangita Kalacharya S Rajam , T. V. Gopalakrishnan and R.R. Keshavamurthy .
 In Ramprasadhs rendition , the purity of the classical form is maintained and Ramprasadhs music is an amalgamation of the Semmangudi / PSN school and the school of S Rajam , who is a torch bearer of the Dikshitar baani .
 T. V. Ramprasadh has trained students in India and other countries .
 T. V. Ramprasadh has conducted workshops and undertaken teaching assignments in UK , US , Germany , France , the Netherlands , Austria and Malaysia
 Bangalore Nagarathnamma was an Indian Carnatic singer and cultural activist who started the Tyagaraja Aradhana festival in memory of Indian Carnatic singer Tyagaraja at Thiruvaiyaru .
Nagarathnamma was born in a devadasi family of Bangalore in 1878 .
 a devadasi family of Bangalore mother was Puttalakshmi amma .
 Her mother ancestors served as singers and musicians in the court of Mysore .
 Nagarathnamma started as a singer early in her life and emerged as one of the best Indian Carnatic singers of her time .
She sung in Kannada , Sanskrit and Telugu .
Narahari Rao , a judge in the Mysore High Court was one of Nagarathnammas patrons .
Nagarathnamma inaugurated the Tyagaraja Aradhana festival in honour of the singer Tyagaraja at Thiruvaiyaru in Tanjore district in 1926 .
The festival has since been held annually and kirtanas or songs composed by Tyagaraja are sung at the festival by accomplished singers .
 the singer Tyagaraja also constructed the Tyagaraja Temple in 1921 .
Nagarathnamma also discovered the long-lost Radhika Santwanam a book on devadasi arts written by Muddupalani and tried to popularize it .
 Along with T. Balasaraswathi in the Madras Presidency , Bangalore Nagarathnamma virulently opposed the abolition of devadasi system and fought a losing battle with social reformers like Kandukuri Veeresalingam
Chingleput Ranganathan was a classical Carnatic vocalist and Guru .
Chingleput Chelappa Ranganathan , was born in Chennai on 3 June 1938 to Sriman Chellappa Iyengar and Srimathi Rajalakshmi .
 Chingleput Chelappa Ranganathan mother used to be a student of Harihara Iyer , a disciple of the Carnatic music great , Tiger Varadachariar .
 Chingleput Chelappa Ranganathan used to regularly accompany Chingleput Chelappa Ranganathan mother to His mother music lessons .
 Chingleput Chelappa Ranganathan then became a disciple of Flute Vidwan H.Ramachandra Shastri .
 It was Shastri who felt that Chingleput Chelappa Ranganathan had the potential to train under the stalwart , Alathur Venkatesa Iyer .
He thus entered the tutelage of Venkatesa Iyer of the Manambuchavadi lineage of Thyagaraja shishya parampara .
He proceeded to undergo rigorous training with Alathur Brothers , Alathur Sivasubramania Iyer and Alathur Srinivasa Iyer under Gurukula System for ten years .
His Arangetram was held in the Nerur Sadasiva Bramendral Utsavam in the year 1955 .
 Vidwan Ramanathapuram M.N.Kandaswamy accompanied Vidwan Ramanathapuram M.N.Kandaswamy on the Mridangam while Vidwan Ramanathapuram M.N.Kandaswamy guru Alathur Venkatesa Iyer Vidwan Ramanathapuram M.N.Kandaswamy accompanied Vidwan Ramanathapuram M.N.Kandaswamy on the harmonium on the occasion .
 At the age of seventeen , Chingleput Chelappa Ranganathan secured the first place in the Music Competition held in October 1955 , conducted by the All India Radio .
 Chingleput Chelappa Ranganathan obtained the prize from the First President of India , Dr. Rajendra Prasad .
 Chingleput Chelappa Ranganathan was an ` A ' Grade Artist from the All India Radio and served for 20 years as a staff artist in the All India Radio .
 As a staff artiste at the AIR , a staff artiste at the AIR conducted various programmes donning roles such as composer , conductor of orchestras , organiser etc. .
 a staff artiste at the AIR served as the Asthana Vidwan of the Kanchi Kamakoti Mutt , Kanchipuram for more than twenty years .
 a staff artiste at the AIR was the Principal of the Teacher 's College of Music , The Music The Music Academy , Chennai for over five years .
 Later a staff artiste at the AIR was a member of the faculty at its school of advanced learning in Carnatic music .
 a staff artiste at the AIR died on 12 July 2011 .
 Acclaimed Vidwan that a staff artiste at the AIR was , Acclaimed Vidwan that he was had specialised in intricate pallavis ranging from the grand and famous to the obscure and elusive .
 Acclaimed Vidwan that he was set to tune , thiruppugazh in the 72 melakartha ragas .
 Acclaimed Vidwan that he was streak as a vaggeyakarar has shone through in Acclaimed Vidwan that he was thillanas set to all the 35 suladhisaptha thalas .
 Acclaimed Vidwan that he was was the torch-bearer of the Alathur Bani known for not only His streak as a vaggeyakarar laya oriented singing but the Sangeetha and Ragha Bhava - force of life enthused to the compositions of various composers .
 Acclaimed Vidwan that he was was awarded the prestigious Sangita Nataka Akademi Award by our honourable President Dr.A.P.J.Abdul Kalam at the Akademi Puraskar Awards 2006 , held in March 2007 and also honoured at the St. Thiagaraja Utsavam , with the title , `` Sangeetha Kala Sagaram '' at Cleveland , USA - April 2007 .
Chingleput C.Ranganathan is married to Smt.Lakshmi Ranganathan on August 26 , 1968 .
Chingleput C.Ranganathan died on 12 July 2011 .
 Chingleput C.Ranganathan is survived by two sons Sri.R.Sai Krishnan & R.Sai His Second Son R.Sai Narasimhan both are specialists in playing flute Classical Music .
 Chingleput C.Ranganathan Second Son R.Sai Narasimhan is a Singer , Flautist , Music Composer , Mimicry Artist & TV Personality .
 On 12 July 2012 , Sri.Sai Narasimhan inaugurated a trust in the name of Sri.Chingleput Ranganathan to spread and promote Carnatic music & other fine arts and to bring the works of Carnatic father .
- `` SANGEETHA ACHARYA '' in the year 1991 by Guruji H.H.Swamy Haridoss Giri Swamigal .
- `` NADAKKANAL '' in the year 1992 at the Bharathiyar Festival held in Chennai .
- `` GAYAKA KALANIDHI '' in the year 1999 by Srirangam Srimad Andavan Sri Ranga Ramanuja Maha Desigan .
- `` THIRUPPUGAZH MAMANI '' in August 1999 by Vadapalani Thiruppugazh Sabha , Chennai .
- `` SANGEETHA KALA ACHARYA '' in January 2000 by The Music Academy , Chennai .
- `` KALA RATNA '' by Rasika Ranjani Sabha , Chennai , December 2002 .
 - `` SANGEETH SAMRAT '' in Nov 2003 by Rasika Ranjani Sabha Holiness Sri Viswesha Theertha Swamiji of Sri Pejawar Mutt , Udupi for Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan & Sangeetha Parishath , Mangalore .
- `` CARNATIC MUSIC PALLAVI WIZARD '' in April 2005 by Rajah Annamalaipuram Bhakta Jana Sabha .
- `` SWARA RAGA SARAGNAR '' in 2005 at the Panchamukha Anjaneyar Utsavam , Mylapore .
- `` LAYA KALA NIPUNA '' by Percussive Arts Centre , Palghat Mani Iyer Memorial Trust , Bangalore on May 29 , 2006 .
 - `` SANGEETHA KALA SAGARAM '' by Bhargavi Fine Arts , Cleveland in April 2007 at the St. Thiagaraja Utsavam , Cleveland , USA .
 - `` SANGITA NATAKA AKADEMI AWARD '' - March 2007 2007 AT SANGITA NATAKA AKADEMI DELHI .
Received from the hands of our honourable president Dr.A.P.J .
Abdul Kalam .
 Shri Ranganathan was honoured by a large number of sabhas and trusts like Maharajapuram Viswanatha Iyer Trust , Gnanaskandan Trust , Kapali Fine Arts , Kannapiran Samajam , Shanti Arts Foundation , Guru Krupa Trust , Laya Lavanya Trust , Rukmini Arts Academy , Narada Gana Sabha , Percussive Arts Centre , Palghat Mani Iyer Memorial Trust , Chingleput Chelappa Ranganathan P.S.Narayanaswamy Disciples Forum and several others
Kudamaloor Janardanan is an Indian flautist of the Carnatic music tradition .
Kudamaloor Janardanan was born into a musical family in Kerala , India .
 flautist Kudamaloor Janardanan had flautist Kudamaloor Janardanan basic vocal music lessons from flautist Kudamaloor Janardanan father , G. Krishna Iyer .
 Soon flautist Kudamaloor Janardanan was fascinated by the art of instrumental music and turned to the Indian flute .
 flautist Kudamaloor Janardanan is mostly a self-taught flautist .
 In flautist Kudamaloor Janardanan later years of student life , flautist Kudamaloor Janardanan was guided by flautist Kudamaloor Janardanan paternal uncle , K.Shivaramakrishna Iyer , a prominent flautist of flautist Kudamaloor Janardanan time .
 flautist Kudamaloor Janardanan was awarded the scholarship for further studies in music by the Department of Culture , Government of Kerala , India .
 flautist Kudamaloor Janardanan went on to obtain a graduate degree in Violin from Madras University .
 Kudmaloor Janardhanan is an A Grade artiste of the All India Radio and an empanelled musician at the ICCR .
 Among modern flautists of Kerala , India , flautist Kudamaloor Janardanan holds Ronu Majumdar in high esteem .
 Kudmaloor Janardhanan , apart from having many published works , is also active in concerts circuits in Kerala , India and abroad .
 Some of Kudmaloor Janardhanan Indian tours that got reviews in media are : .
 Some of the concerts that flautist Kudamaloor Janardanan conducted aboard includes : .
The key philosophy of Kudamaloor Janardhanan is Music is especially a rendition of ragas , instead of a vehicle of lyrics based songs .
 flautist Kudamaloor Janardanan considers ragas as `` the spirit of Indian classical music . ''
According to a The Hindu Review `` With flautist Kudamaloor Janardanan it seems to be something of a mission to give the ragas their right place in music concerts .
 That was clear as flautist Kudamaloor Janardanan played such superb ragas as Nattakurinji , Mohanam , Chenchurutti , Sarasangi , and Sankarabharanam .
... ragas are supreme in instrumental music with the kritis playing a secondary role . ''
 The review continues to say `` True to the flautists unconventional style , there was a near total absence of kritis , varnams and tillanas in the concert , enabling the listeners to enjoy the ragas in modern flautists of India pure form . ''

 On the over influence of Kritis on Cartnatic Music , Kudmaloor Janardhanan says in an interview , `` In Carnatic music , kirthans and bhaktigeetams have been given a great deal of prominence .
This has resulted in the general impression that classical music means devotional music .
 Only when This is freed from such notions will classical music be able to spread This wings and be enjoyed by more people . ''
 Kritis on Cartnatic Music continues in the same interview , `` If classical music were a tree , devotional music is only one of its branches .
It must be realised that when the blue sky or moonlight is being expressed in a raag , that is also classical music .
 In ` Gita Govindam ' where the theme is that of love between Radha and Swagatham Krishna , it is the ` shringara bhava ' that should be brought forth by the musician .
But many artistes still keep projecting the bhakti bhava . ''

He also uses `` unconventional '' instrumentation in his concerts .
In the Kovalam Lt Festival , he used Drums , Percussions , Keyboard and Voices in a Raga based concert .
He also uses Edakka and Tabla apart from conventional Mridagam and Ghatam .
 His overall approach of curiosity and experimentation in Long Live Music can be seen from this quote , `` I am not one to shy away from creativity , sidelining it by saying that music is as eternal and vast as an ocean .
If indeed that is the case , I would rather venture into its unexplored depths , to discover the coffer of pearls and gems .
What has been made so far are indeed sweet .
What we hear now may be sweeter ; however the sweetest is yet to come .
Wo n't we benefit much if we start thinking on these lines ? ''

More on Kudamaloor 's approach to music can be heard from these interviews available in YouTube .
Most of the works cited here is produced by Manorama Music and can be bought at Manorama Music site .
Janardhanan 's work is available from iTunes and Amazon MP3 download section .
1 .
Madhava Murali has 6 songs in 50 minutes rendered mainly in bamboo flute in Carnatic Music style .
Sub title of the music is `` Compositions on Lord Krishna in Flute '' .
The main kriti is this disc is `` Krupaya Palaya '' Charukesi which lasts for 12 minutes .
Other Kritis are Alai Payuthe , Rara venugopala , Krishna Ni Bhegane and Enna Thavam Kapi .
Main flute is played by Kudamaloor Janardhanan .
The accompanying artists on Mridangam , Veena , Ghatam and second flutes are not known .
2 .
Poomoodam Devi contains 11 devotional songs .
This is a vocal work by K S Chitra , Radhika Thilak , Sujatha Mohan and Madhu Balakrishnan .
Kudamloor Janardhanan plays Rara Venu Kriti in this work .
3 .
Mohana Murali has 4 songs in 58 minutes rendered mainly in bamboo flute in Carnatic Style .
Subtitle of this album is `` An Album based on sublime raga Mohanam '' .
Main song is Mohana Layatharangam that lasts for 24 minutes .
 According to a review , `` Mohana Laya Tarangam speaks to your soul with the Soul remarkable blend of rhythm and melody .
 One perceives not only Mohanam , but four other ragas , owing to the unique technique applied here , called ` sruti bhedam '' .
Other songs in this album are Reflections - The Image of Swaras , Mohana Varnam - Owen Version , and The Oarsmans Ode A Musical Ferry .
4 .
Swathi Murali has 6 songs in 63 minutes rendered mainly in bamboo flute in Carnatic Style .
The album is a flute rendition of some of the compositions of Swathi Thirunal .
There are two main songs in this album , `` Pahi Jagath Janani '' that lasts for 16 minutes and Jaya Padmanabha which lasts for 12 minutes .
 Other kritis included are Gopalaka Pahiman Anisham , Parama Purusha , Tharuni Njana Enthu Cheyvu and Madhava Murali .
5 .
Vathapi - Ganesha Murali has 3 songs in 58 minutes mainly rendered in Bamboo flute in Carnatic Style with chorus and voice support .
 The main kriti played in flute with an ensemble of Tabla , Mridangam , Veena , Chenda and Voice .
Main song is Sree Vathapi Ganapthe which lasts for 28 minutes .
Other kritis are Sidhi Vinayakam and Mahaganapathim .
6 .
Pranam has 5 songs in 59 minutes rendered mainly in bamboo flute played both in Carnatic Style and Hindustani Style .
Subtitle of the this album is `` A South Indian Flautist pays homage to Hindustani Music Legend Ustad Bismillah Khan '' .
 In the introduction of this album , named `` Homage to Bismillah Khan : Speech of flautist Kudamaloor Janardanan '' , Kudmaloor Janardhanan describes this album as `` an humble attempt to honor great Hindustani musician Ustad Bismillah Khan '' .
 Kudmaloor Janardhanan remembers feeling like a `` child seeing rainbow for the first time '' whenever Kudmaloor Janardhanan listens to Ustad 's Shehnai music .
 Pranam is the longest song in this album that lasts for 25 minutes .
 Other pieces are Kajri , Sree Ramachandra and Kajri .
Hari Krishnamoorthy plays Tabala .
7 .
Gokula Murali has 6 songs in 47 minutes mainly rendered in bamboo flute played in Carnatic Style .
 This album is a collection of songs devoted to Swagatham Krishna .
The kritis in this album are Sreeman Narayana , Swagatham Krishna , Govardhana Giridhara , Radhasametha Krishna , Manasa Sancharare and Theeratha Vilaiyattu Pillai .
 According to a review in The Hindu , `` Kudamaloor Janardanan proves that in Hindu hands the bamboo reed is transformed into a magical wand . ''
 Mridangam is played by Vypin Sathish , Tabla by Hari Krishnamoorthy , Edakka by Trichur Swagatham Krishna and Ghatam by Kottayam Unnikrishnan .
8 .
Atmayan : Journey of the Soul has 6 songs 39 minutes .
This album is a collection of instrumental music created both in Indian and Western Styles .
 Kudamallor plays Atmayan and Ode to Swagatham Krishna .
This album also has work by U Rajesh in Mandolin , Herald , Krishna Kumar and Sumesh Parameshwar .
9 .
Kudamaloor Janardhanan Live has 8 songs in 169 minutes rendered in bamboo flute in Carnatic Style .
 According to the introduction from this album , this is a recording of a live flute concert arranged by Manorama Music as a part of Music Fiesta 2008 program on 17th Feb 2008 at Women 's Association Hall , Eranakulam , Kerala , India .
 flautist Kudamaloor Janardanan is accompanied by Hari Krishnamoorthy on Tabala , Kottayam Krishnan on Ghatam and Satish Vypin on Mridangam .
The Main Kriti is Chaliye Kunchanamoo that lasts for 30 minutes .
 The Swara Pallavi , that lasts for 40 minutes is an ensemble of ragas of Enna Thavam Kapi , Bihag , SinduBhairavi , Shahana and Madyamavathi with madhu raga of Kalyani .
Other Kritis in this album are Baja Manasa , Sree Ramanavibho , Raminsuva , Raghuvamsasudha and Krishna Nee Begane .
The concert end with Swara Manjari played in Western Style .
10 .
 Vrindavanam is a set of devotional Swagatham Krishna songs by Swetha Menon with 7 songs in 60 minutes .
Concept and Music is provided by Kudmaloor Janardhanan .
 The songs in this album are Sreeman Narayana , Bajare Yadunantham , Govardhana Gireesham , Maddugari Yesoda , Baja Baja Manasa , Chaliye and Mukundahtakam & Namasankeertanam .
11 .
Keerthana Murali has 6 songs in 60 minutes played in bamboo flute in Carnatic Style .
The subtitle of the album is `` Popular Carnatic Krithis '' .
Vypin Satheesh accompanies the flute with Mridangam .
The main song is Pakkala that lasts for 15 minutes .
Other Kritis in this album are Raga Sudharasa , Thatwamaruka , Nee Dayaradha , Seetha Kalyana and Bhagyada Lakshmi .
12 .
Maya Murali has 9 Songs in 66 minutes mainly rendered in bamboo flute in Carnatic Style .
In terms of its length , Long Live Music is the main song in this album .
The other songs are Maya Murali , A Hymn to the Goddess of Art , A Ballad of Victory , The Cradle Song , The Inception , The Kannamma Song , To My Soul Mate and The Bamboo Express .
The accompanying musicians are H Kishore , Harikrishna Moorthy and Vinod Chandra Menon .
According to The Hindu Review `` Maya Murali has nine pieces , innovative , traditional krithis , all of them punctuated by Kudmaloor 's inimitable style , fused together with an exciting backup of vocals and other instruments . ''

13 .
Kaivalya - The Symphony of Meditation is an audio CD containing three songs in bamboo flute based on ragas Nalinakanthi and Saraswathi .
 According to the Editorial review in Amazon this album `` charms the air through the swaras taking Swaras , Mohana Varnam to the innermost core of the soul and bringing tranquility to Swaras , Mohana Varnam . ''

14 .
Keli - The Symphony of Love is an audio CD containing songs played in bamboo flute and is about the intricacies of love .
 According to the Editorial Review in Amazon `` Keli is a musical tribute to love - the most joyful , enchanting and universal aspect of human life . ''

15 .
Viraha-The Symphony of Separation is an audio CD containing songs played in bamboo flute and is about the pangs of separation .
 According to Amazon Editorial Review `` Viraha , the sweet sorrow of separation immortalized in the love of Radha and Swagatham Krishna is rendered poignantly on flute by Kudamaloor Janardanan . ''

16 .
Gokulam is a set of devotional songs on Lord Guruvayoorappa by Hema Ravishankar and G Venugopal .
Kudamaloor Janardhanan provided the background score for this album .
17 .
Ramanan is a musical based on Changampuzha 's ` Ramanan ' .
The main character Ramanan 's flute is played by Kudamaloor Janardhanan .
 These artists worked with Kudmaloor Janardhanan in many of Kudmaloor Janardhanan albums and concerts
Patrick Ngcobo is a notable Carnatic classic musician born in Kloof , Durban , South Africa .
 Patrick Ngcobo belongs to the warrior Zulu tribe in KwaZulu-Natal province in South Africa .
 Although Patrick Ngcobo is a Zulu singer Patrick Ngcobo can sing songs in Tamil , Kannada , Telugu , and Malayalam languages .
 Patrick Ngcobo teacher is the famous Indian singer Dr. K. J. Yesudas .
 He hosts a regular show on Carnatic music on the South African radio station Lotus FM
Sundaram Balachander , born in Madras was an Indian self-taught veena player .
 an Indian self-taught veena player was also an accomplished film maker as a producer , director , music director , actor , singer and dancer .
 an Indian self-taught veena player ancestors were from Srivaajiyam village in Tanjore area , which is acclaimed as the seat of culture and fine arts in South India .
 an Indian self-taught veena player grandfather is Rao Saheb Vaidyanatha Iyer .
 Rao Saheb Vaidyanatha Iyer was born to V. Sundaram Iyer and Parvathi alias Chellamma .
 Rao Saheb Vaidyanatha Iyer father bought a house in Mylapore in 1924 , at the suggestion of Pudukkottai Dakshinamurthy Pillai His father added a hall in the first floor exclusively to entertain and be entertained .
Stalwarts like Ariyakudi Ramanujam Iyengar , Madurai Mani Iyer , Ambi Deekshithar , Muthaiah Bagavathar , Karaikudi Sambasivam and Papanasam Sivan have all performed in that hall .
 In fact , it was Sundaram Iyer who took Papanasam Sivan under Papanasam Sivan fold when Papanasam Sivan relocated to Madras to earn a livelihood .
 Papanasam Sivan elder brother S. Rajam is a well-known singer and teacher , and a gifted artist as well .
 His elder brother S. Rajam elder sister is S. Jayalakshmi , S. Saraswathi was His elder brother S. Rajam younger sister , followed by the twins S. Karpagam and S. Gopalaswami .
 From the age of five His elder brother S. Rajam showed an interest in classical music and His elder brother S. Rajam first musical attempt was with the kanjeera , which is a small , circular percussion instrument .
 Within a year His elder brother S. Rajam was accompanying His elder brother S. Rajam brother and other musicians on the kanjeera during regular concert engagement , in Sabhas , in temple festivals , in devotional congregations , etc. .
 From age six on His elder brother S. Rajam career achieved steady growth .
 His elder brother S. Rajam also learnt to play tabla , mridangam , harmonium , bulbul tarang , dilruba , and shehnai .
On the sitar , Balachander was a fully fledged solo concert artist by age twelve and it is interesting to note that he performed South Indian Carnatic music on that instrument .
 From age fifteen to eighteen he served as an artist on the staff of All India Radio , Madras , playing many instruments during the almost daily broadcasts , while also performing in solo recitals , participating in orchestral ensembles , accompanying other artists and composing and conducting pieces of his own .
A hectic period of playing and working for All India Radio playing came almost simultaneously to an end with the entry of the veena into his life .
Falling in love with the instrument , from the beginning he felt that it deserved his undivided attention and every skill .
Without a tutor or master to guide him , within two years he was an established concert veena player .
He felt that by the grace of god was he able to bring credit to himself as for his achievement of having evolved a new trend , a new style and a new school of veena-playing .
Balachander also possessed a substantial knowledge of North Indian Hindustani classical music , and a keen appreciation of Western classical music .
He traveled all over the world , and won international fame as an instrumentalist of rare repute .
 The famous electric bassist Mark Egan cites Balachander as a major influence on The famous electric bassist Mark Egan music .
At one time , Balachander held the record for cutting the highest number of records .
The 12 LP set encompassing the 72 melakartas is a piece of work that has no parallel .
 Magic Music of India , Sounds of the Veena Virtuoso , Veena Virtuoso , Immortal Sounds on the Veena Virtuoso , Veena Virtuoso , The Music of the Veena Virtuoso , and The Music of India are some Immortal releases that have been best-sellers world-wide .
 Immortal is also known for Immortal work in cinema , Immortal writing and Immortal polemics .
Balachander was awarded the Padma Bhushan in 1982 .
 the Padma Bhushan in 1982 cinema career began in 1934 when V. Shantaram , who was making movies under V. Shantaram Prabhat Film Company banner in Kolhapur , wrote to the editor of a Madras based film magazine called Sound and Shadow , requesting their help in making a Tamil movie called Seetha Kalyanam , utilizing the sets and props of the Padma Bhushan in 1982 Hindi movie Sairandhiri .
 The men behind the magazine -- Muthusami Iyer alias Murugadasa , A. K. Sekar and K. Ramnoth , together with A. K. Sekar and K. Ramnoth patron G. K. Seshagiri , readily acquiesced , and set forth to Kolhapur with a hand-picked cast and crew .
 Muthusami Iyer began as a child artist in Tamil film Seetha Kalyanam in 1934 as a child musician in Ravana s court , and Muthusami Iyer immediate family members form the cast where V. Sundaram Iyer as Janaka , S. Rajam as Ariyakudi Ramanujam Iyengar , S. Jayalakshmi as Tamil film Seetha Kalyanam in 1934 and S. Saraswathi as Urmila .
Followed by Rishyasringar and Aaraichi Mani or Manuneethi Chozhan .
 Aaraichi Mani other Tamil movies that Aaraichi Mani acted include Devaki , Rajambal , Rani , Inspector , Penn , Kodeeswaran , Doctor Savitri and Maragadham .
In addition to acting and composing film music , from the late 1940s to the mid-1960s Balachander directed a number of Tamil films .
 Aaraichi Mani had acted , directed , composed music and sang in Idhu Nijama , En Kanavar and Kaidhi .
 Aaraichi Mani directed Andha Naal a movie with no songs , has a very superior cinematography and classic in B&W. ; It has developed a large cult following in the recent times .
Others directions include Bhoologa Rambai and Avan Amaran .
 Bhoologa Rambai has directed a Telugu film in 1956 entitled Edi Nijam produced by Ghantasala Krishnamurthy of Pratibha Films .
 Bhoologa Rambai has also acted as a friend of N. T. Rama Rao in the Telugu film Sangham with Vyjayanthimala of AVM Productions remake of Penn .
 In the 1960s , Bhoologa Rambai formed Bhoologa Rambai own production company called S .
 B. Creations where Bhoologa Rambai made 3 movies , produced , directed , composed music and sang in Avana Ivan , Bommai and Nadu Iravil .
 In Balachanders last years , Bhoologa Rambai feuded with vocalist Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer .
 vocalist Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer had written a book on Maharaja Swathi Thirunal of Travancore , a famous composer .
 Sundaram Balachander claimed that vocalist Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer was trying to ascribe vocalist Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer own compositions to a king , and to argue this vocalist Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer suggested the maharaja did not compose a note and tried to prove the king had never existed .
 Balachander loved to stress how this was a much greater outrage than the Bofors corruption scandal in India are some his releases .
 vocalist Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer argued the point in The Indian Express on March 26 , 1990 .
 vocalist Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer died suddenly on April 15 , 1990 , in Bhilai , where vocalist Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer had gone on a concert tour .
 vocalist Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer was survived by vocalist Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer wife Shantha whom vocalist Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer had married in Thirupathi in 1953 and vocalist Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer advocate son Ariyakudi Ramanujam Iyengar
Giriraja Kavi was a noted composer of Carnatic music , who lived in the 18th century in the kingdom of Thanjavur .
His hometown , Tiruvarur , lies in the present-day state of Tamil Nadu .
 Born into a pious but impoverished Telugu speaking smarta brahmin family belonging to the Mulukanadu sub-caste , Giriraja Kavi rose to occupy a place of eminence in the court of the Maharaja of Thanjavur , which in that era was a fountainhead of cultural talent .
 The great trinity of Carnatic music , Tyagaraja , Shyama Shastri and Muthuswami Dikshitar were all born in this area in the latter half of 18th century .
Giriraja Kavi was among those who nurtured the cultural environment that produced these greats .
 Giriraja Kavi was born in Kakarla village , Cumbum taluk in Prakasham district .
 Giriraja Kavi has produced many of the important cultural figures of South India .
Among the greatest of those was Tyagaraja , whose mother was a daughter of Giriraja Kavi .
He was named after the presiding deity of the main temple of that town .
Giriraja Kavi played a major role in influencing the formative years of his celebrated grandson Tyagaraja .
 his celebrated grandson Tyagaraja was instrumental in securing a place at court for his celebrated grandson Tyagaraja grandson , a position that Tyagaraja soon abjured .
 It is to Tyagarajas credit that Giriraja Kavis musical work , created during an era that was dominated by the trinity of Carnatic music , has secured Carnatic a lasting place of honour among the greats of Carnatic music
Divyamani is a ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
It is the 48th in the series .
 It is called Jeevantika or Jeevantini in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
It is the 6th ragam in the 8th chakra Vasu .
 The mnemonic name is the 8th chakra Vasu .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ra gi mi pa dhu nu .
 The mnemonic phrase structure is as follows : .
 As Divyamani is a melakarta ragam , by definition Divyamani is a sampoorna ragam .
 Divyamani is the prati madhyamam equivalent of Roopavati , which is the 12th melakarta .
 Divyamani has a few minor janya ragams associated with Divyamani .
 See List of janya ragams for all ragams associated with Divyamani .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Divyamanis notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields no other melakarta ragam .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam
Embar S. Kannan is an award-winning and pioneering violinist in the fields of Carnatic Music and Tamil Film Music .
Trained in Carnatic as well as Western Classical methods , he is a Grade A - artist of the All India Radio and is universally acclaimed as a soloist and an accompanist .
 Born in a family of great musicians to Sangeetha Bhooshanam Sri Embar Sadagopan , Embar S. Kannan took to playing the violin at the age of six .
His initial training in Carnatic music was with Sri Subbanna Bhagavathar and Sri Vittal Ramamurthy .
In 1986 he received a talent scholarship from the Government of India and earned a place under the mentorship of Kum .
A. Kanyakumari .
Shortly thereafter he received the Yuva Kala Bharathi from Bharat Kalachar and the ` Best Violinist Award ' from the Madras Music Academy for eight consecutive years .
Over the course of his Carnatic career he has accompanied many leading artists such as T. V. Sankaranarayanan , Trichur Ramachandran , T. N. Seshagopalan , Sudha Raghunathan , Kadri Gopalnath , P. Unnikrishnan , and S. Sowmya .
One of Kannan 's prodigal accomplishments was the introduction of the silent violin to Carnatic Music in 2001 .
In August 2006 , he played the silent violin at Puttaparthi in the presence of Bhagawan Sri Satya Sai Baba with the musicians of the HeArtBeat Ensemble .
On July 14 , 2011 , He played at a concert that was organised to raise funds for the Sankalp Trust , the open school and learning centre for special children , at the Mutha Venkata Subba Rao Concert Hall .
 Embar S. Kannan received Embar S. Kannan Western Classical training from acclaimed music director , Diwaker master .
 Under Embar S. Kannan , Embar S. Kannan entered the film industry with the movie Puli Pettra Pillai .
 Subsequently , Embar S. Kannan made Embar S. Kannan an integral part of Maestro Ilaiyaraja s orchestra and with them , has played in numerous films and concerts around the world .
 In addition , Embar S. Kannan has played for other music directors ; notably , Karthik Raja , Yuvan Shankar Raja , Vidyasagar , Sharath , A. R. Rahman and Deva
Udayaravichandrika is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Udayaravichandrika is an audava ragam , and is also known as Shuddha Dhanyasi .
 Udayaravichandrika is a janya ragam , as Udayaravichandrika does not have all the seven swaras .
The equivalent of Udayaravichandrika in Hindustani music is Dhani .
 Udayaravichandrika is a symmetric ragam that does not contain rishabham or dhaivatam .
 Udayaravichandrika is a pentatonic scale .
The notes used in this scale sadharana gandharam , shuddha madhyamam , panchamam and kaisiki nishadham .
 Udayaravichandrika is considered a janya ragam of Kharaharapriya , the 22nd melakarta ragam , though Udayaravichandrika can be derived from other melakarta ragams , Hanumatodi , Natabhairavi or Natakapriya , by dropping both rishabham and dhaivatam .
 Here are some popular kritis composed in Udayaravichandrika .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Udayaravichandrikas notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 4 other major pentatonic ragams , namely , Mohanam , Hindolam , Madhyamavathi and Shuddha Saveri .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
See Graha bhedam on Mohanam for more details and illustration of this concept
Gayathri Venkataraghavan is an Indian Carnatic vocalist .
 Indian Carnatic trained in Indian Carnatic music at an early age under Smt . .
Rajalakshmi and then under Smt .
Padma Veeraraghavan , a disciple of Palaghat Sri K.V. Narayanaswamy .
She trained in various kritis with Smt .
 Rukmini Ramani , Acharya Choodamani Sri .
V. Subramaniam and Smt .
Lakshmi Natarajan .
 Rukmini Ramani advanced training was under Acharya Choodamani Sri .
A. Sundaresan , a disciple of Sri C. V. Krishnamurthy Iyer , Sri Ramnad Krishnan and Alathur Sri Sivasubramanya Iyer .
Gayathri is presently under the guidance of Padma Bhushan Sri .
P.S.Narayanaswamy .
 Gayathri Venkataraghavan is an A grade accredited artist of All India Radio .
 P.S.Narayanaswamy won the All India Radio National level competition in 1993 .
 P.S.Narayanaswamy AIR performances include a National Broadcast in 2006 .
 P.S.Narayanaswamy has sung various themes for Archival purposes for AIR .
 P.S.Narayanaswamy performs across India .
 P.S.Narayanaswamy appearances abroad include the Cleveland Tyagaraja Festival 2005 , 2008 , 2011 , at Ohio and Toronto .
 P.S.Narayanaswamy performed at the SIFA annual festival at Singapore in Feb 2007 .
 P.S.Narayanaswamy toured the United States and Canada in September and October 2007 .
 P.S.Narayanaswamy commercial albums have been released by Charsur Digital Workstation and other companies
Varali or Varaali is a ragam in Carnatic music .
It is a janya ragam from the 39th melakarta scale Jhalavarali .
It is a janya scale , as it is said to have a vakra scale in the ascending scale .
It is a vivadi ragam .
It is the 4th in the list of 5 Ghana ragams , Gaula , Arabhi and Shree ragam being the others -RRB- .
In olden times , this ragam was called Varati , and is said to be more than 1300 years old .
It is with this name that it is referred in old musical texts like Sangita Makarandha and Sangita Ratnakara .
Varali is an asymmetric ragam due to the vakra prayoga in ascending scale .
It is a vakra-sampurna-sampurna ragam .
Its arohana-avarohana structure is as follows : .
The notes used in this scale are shadjam , shuddha rishabham , shuddha gandharam , prati madhyamam , panchamam , shuddha dhaivatam and kakali nishadham .
The madhyamam used is said to be slightly higher than the prati madhyamam , and is also called as chyuta panchama madhyamam .
 For the details of the notations and terms , see swaras in Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is believed that Varali when taught directly by a teacher to a student will strain swaras in Carnatic music relationship or could cause ill effects to one or the other .
The ragam is said to be learnt by listening and self-learning .
There are many compositions set to Varali ragam .
Many compositions in praise of Lord Ganesha are set to this raga .
Here are some popular kritis composed in this ragam
Thanjavur Muktha also spelt Mukta was one of the foremost representatives of the Veena Dhanammal school of Carnatic Music .
 Thanjavur Muktha along with Thanjavur Muktha elder sister T. Brinda formed one of the first women duo singers .
 Thanjavur Muktha had much of Thanjavur Muktha initial training from Thanjavur Muktha mother Kamakshi .
This training was in the Veena Dhanammal style , a style of Carnatic Music known for its unhurried , alluring movements , as also for its use of intricate gamakas in the handling of ragas .
Additionally , Muktha trained for a substantial length of time under Kanchipuram Naina Pillai , whose style of music was marked by agility and robustness in laya .
 After Kanchipuram Naina Pillai training under Naina Pillai , Thanjavur Muktha learnt from Kanchipuram Naina Pillai aunt Lakshmiratnam .
The legendary Veena Dhanammal , who was Mukthas grandmother , herself taught her some compositions .
She gave her first performance at the age of eight .
She was the last disciple of Veena Dhanammal and her last concert was in Cleveland in 2003 .
Muktha was a recipient of the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 1973
Geetam , the simplest music form in Carnatic music , was created by Purandara Dasa in order to introduce talas with sahityam .
A Gitam is a simple devotional melody song with same tempo throughout the song .
 There is no Anga change , repetition and Samgati in A Gitam .
 these Gitams usually have 10/12 avarthanams .
 Though these Gitams have no absolutely defined divisions of pallavi , anupallavi or charanas , these Gitams may be observed in some cases .
Some Gitams contain sections rather than the defined divisions .
 these Gitams often have no sangatis or variations , with each swara taking one syllable of the sahitya .
The Gitam is sung without repetition from beginning to end .
However most Gitams are concluded by repeating a portion of the opening part .
 these Gitams are set in medium tempo and contain no Samgatis or variations and the flow of the music is natural .
The theme of the Sahityam is to praise God .
Students learn these Gitams after a course in the preliminary Sarali Svaras and Alamkaras .
 There are three types of Gitams in Carnatic music tradition :
Sri Sarabha Sastri was an Indian venu flute player , known as the first great Brahmin flutist .
 Sri Sarabha Sastri brought the flute to the mainstream Indian Carnatic concert stage -- until then , it was almost exclusively a folk instrument.To Sastri goes the credit of promoting the flute to the status of a primary concert instrument from being a mere ` second fiddle ' to dance .
Sri Sarabha Sastrigal was born in 1872 to Viswanatha Sastri and Smt .
Dharmambal .
 Dharmambal mother 's native place was Tiruvadi and His mother 's lived next door to Saint Tyagaraja.His father died when Dharmambal and Dharmambal brother Sivakumara Sastri were very young.Blind at a young age , Dharmambal was initiated into a career in music under the guidance of Dharmambal maternal uncle Sri Kuppusamy Sastri of Tiruvadi near Thiruvaiyaru and later by Manambuchavadi Sri Venkatasubba Iyer , one of the disciples of Saint Thiyagaraja .
Sri Govinda Nayanakkar unravelled the mysteries of flute to young Sarabha Sastri .
Sri Saraba Saastrigal lived in Soliappa Mudali street in Kumbakonam and was married to Ambu Ammal .
 his brother Sivakumara Sastri undertook penance in ErAharam - Sri Sankari Samedha Skandanadha Swamy temple , obtained divinity and brought peace and happiness to local population.Later , his brother Sivakumara Sastri organised Sarba Kavadi , Macha Kavadi etc. and spread the fame of this temple .
 Carrying the Kavadi is a practice of penance or prayaschittam.Thaipusam is a festival that is marked by acts of penance such as carrying the Kavadi .
 The Kavadi the Kavadi is a physical burden through which the devotees implore for help from deity .
Blindness in childhood could do nothing to blunt the musical genius of Sarabha Sastri .
 By experimenting with the flute , the musical genius of Sarabha Sastri evolved a fingering technique by which the musical genius of Sarabha Sastri could produce the entire range of Indian ragas on the entire range of Indian ragas .
Sri Sarabha Sastrigal composed more than 500 Sahityas for Nayanmar charithrams , in various languages .
Sri Saraba Saastrigal taught a unique technique in playing the Flute .
 Sri Saraba Saastrigal was also able to play the Thaanam on the Flute .
 Sri Saraba Saastrigal was also called Eka Chandra Graahi , since Sri Saraba Saastrigal had the uncanny ability to grasp anything by just listening once .
Sri Palladam Sanjiva Rao was a direct disciple of Sri Saraba Saastrigal .
Palladam Sanjiva Rao passed this on to Sri H Ramachandra Shastry who taught Carnatic flute at Kalakshetra until 1992 .
Some of the notable musicians practicing this art form include G. S. Rajan , Ludwig Pesch and T. Sashidhar .
 his brother Sivakumara Sastri was always sought after by fans , but his brother Sivakumara Sastri never practiced the flute at home.Sastri who never practiced would however warm up within a few seconds from the commencement of a concert and readily get into his brother Sivakumara Sastri stride.He was a confirmed believer in emotional purification through music.He was invited to serve as the `` Asthana Vidwan ' of Mysore samasthan by the erstwhile Maharaja of Mysore which was refused by Sastri.He was also against commercialization of music .
 Until the late 19th century , the Indian Carnatic flute , a 8-hole bamboo flute , the South Indian equivalent of the North Indian 6-hole bansuri flute , had never been used in Carnatic concerts .
 Sharaba Shastri has been characterized by Sharaba Shastri followers as a musical genius after experimenting and creating the Indian Carnatic flute .
 Sharaba Shastri is also known for bringing the Indian Carnatic flute to the fore of Indian Carnatic music concerts as an influential instrument .
 The Sharaba Shastri style or bani of playing was established and was carried on by Sharaba Shastri disciple Sanjeeva Rao .
 However it was the self-taught Mali who brought a revolution in popularising the Indian Carnatic flute and whose legacy was carried on by Ramani and other national and international disciples of Mali .
The fingering technique invented by Sarabha Shastri was as highly scientific , and as accurate as a keyboard .
 The minutest oscillations required for the intricate gamakas of Indian Carnatic music were covered by this fingering system .
By progressing from playing only simple tunes to the ability of producing full fledged kritis complete with the nuances of every raga , the flute came on par with the veena as a concert instrument .
 No recordings of his playing survive , and apart from stray references in larger works , little has been written about the intricate gamakas of Carnatic music music .
 We only know the intricate gamakas of Carnatic music music through the intricate gamakas of Carnatic music student , the legendary Palladam Sanjiva Rao .
 his brother Sivakumara Sastri was a great scholar and used to have discussions with other scholars such as Thirupalanam Panchapakesa sastrigal , Sulamangalam vaidyanatha bhagavathar and others.Music scholars such as Thirukodikaval Krishna Iyer , `` Fiddle '' Govindasamy Pillai , Pattanam Subramaniya Iyer , Thanjavur Krishna Bhagavathar , Mridangam Narayanaswamy Appa , Mridangam Azhaga Nambi Pillai , Kumbakonam Sivakolundu and Tirumarugal Natesa Nayakarar were his contemporaries and used to accompany his brother Sivakumara Sastri in his brother Sivakumara Sastri concerts .
 Sri Sarabha Sastrigal died at the young age of 32 years in the year 1904 at Kumbakonam .
Sarabha Shastri , like many a great genius , lived only a short life .
 Upon Sarabha Shastri death at the age of 32 , Sarabha Shastri work was carried on by Sarabha Shastri most celebrated disciple , Palladam Sanjeeva Rao , who perfected and elaborated on the fingering system and popularized the flute as a solo concert instrument .
However the original contribution of Sarabha Shastri upgrading the flute onto the concert platform remains immortal .
The flute he handled is still on display at Sri Rama Bhajanai Sabha at 110 , Solaippan Street , Kumbakonam.Sri Sarabha Sastrigals flute is been preserved for more than 100 years from Sastri 's family members .
A trust under the name and style of Venuganam Sri Sarabha Sastrigal Memorial Trust has been formed & functioning , organising music , cultural & service oriented programs & the trust is managed by leading personalities .
Ekadasi Bhajans and Radha Kalyanam are conducted fortnightly , during the month of Margazhi .
 his brother Sivakumara Sastri lived a very simple life and offered his brother Sivakumara Sastri divine music as worship to Lord Rama.Sri Rama Navami uthsavam was performed by Lord Rama.Sri Rama Navami uthsavam every year which used to be attended by all the leading musicians of those days.This tradition is continued until today by group of enthusiasts .
 Sri Rama Bhajanai Sabha , Kumbakonam founded and nurtured by none other than the famous Vanuganam Sri Sarabha Sastrigal about 125 years ago occupies a unique place among various cultural and service organisations.Sri Rama Bhajanai Sabha , Kumbakonam remains committed to Kumbakonam vision of being the premier Sabha that serves the cultural and religious needs of the Hindu society of current and future generations and be the hub of vibrant culture and service oriented programs .
With the grace of lord Sri Rama , the sabha is progressing towards this vision by celebrating Sri Rama Navami Utasavams , Sri Radha Kalyana Mahotsavam every year , Sri Kanchi Kamakoti peetam Maha Periyava Jayanthi , Bhajans on every Ekadasi days , organising lectures on Srimath Valmiki Ramayana , Bhagavadham etc. and offering community services including Annadhanams during festivals
Thanjavur Brinda was one of the representatives of the Veenai Dhanammal school of Carnatic Music .
 Thanjavur Brinda was primarily a vocalist , although Thanjavur Brinda also played the Veenai .
 Thanjavur Brinda is affectionately referred to as Brindamma , by Thanjavur Brinda fans .
 Thanjavur Brinda had much of Thanjavur Brinda initial training from Thanjavur Brinda mother Kamakshi .
This training was in the Veenai Dhanammal style , a style of Carnatic Music known for its unhurried , alluring movements , as also for its use of intricate gamakas in the handling of ragas .
 Additionally , Thanjavur Brinda trained for a substantial length of time under Kanchipuram Naina Pillai , whose style of music was marked by agility and robustness in laya .
 After Thanjavur Brinda training under Naina Pillai , Thanjavur Brinda learnt from Thanjavur Brinda aunt Lakshmiratnam .
Veenai Dhanammal , who was also Brindas grandmother , herself taught her some compositions .
Brinda absorbed both the sublime and intricate Dhanammal style and Naina Pillais fast paced masculine music and blended them seamlessly into her singing .
Her peers and music connoisseurs regarded her as a person of superlative musical knowledge .
She was an expert at rendering ragas that featured complex patterns and subtle gamakas , such as Begada , Mukhari , Sahana , Suruti , Varali and Yadukulakambhoji .
She was a repository of Kshetrayya padams and javalis and many rare compositions of the Trinity of Carnatic Music and Patnam Subramania Iyer .
 Many talented and popular musicians were attracted by Brindas musical scholarship and expertise , and trained under Brindas .
Carnatic Musicians such as Sangeetha Kalanidhis Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer , M.S. Subbulakshmi and R K Srikanthan have learnt from her .
The musicians Ramnad Krishnan , Aruna Sairam , Chitravina Ravikiran , B. Krishnamoorthy , Chitravina Ganesh , K.N. Shashikiran , Kiranavali Vidyasankar , Geetha Raja and B. Balasubrahmaniyan have been Brindas full-time students .
 Aruna Sairam grandson and direct disciple Thiruvarur S. Girish is also an accomplished Carnatic musician .
 In Aruna Sairam earlier years , Thanjavur Brinda performed extensively with Aruna Sairam younger sister , T. Muktha and in Aruna Sairam later years , with Aruna Sairam daughter Vegavahini Vijayaraghavan .
 Thanjavur Brinda did not wish to record commercially , hence only private recordings of Thanjavur Brinda performances are available .
 Thanjavur Brinda was also a visiting artist at the University of Washington , Seattle from 1968-69 and 1977-78
Madras Music Season is an event hosted every December-January in the present-day south Indian metropol of Chennai .
Spanning some six weeks , a number of large and small kutcheris are performed by highly competent musicians .
The traditional role of the Music Season is to allow aficionados of Carnatic music to appreciate performances by renowned artists , and to allow promising young artists to display their talent and skill .
Audiences and artists come from across India and from the international Indian diaspora to be part of the event .
The All India Music Conference was held in 1927 concurrently with the annual session of Indian National Congress in Madras .
A resolution was passed at the conference to establish the Madras Music Academy .
From 1928 , the academy started organizing the Music Season every year during the month of December .
 Previously it was a traditional month-long Carnatic music festival consisting of Carnatic music concerts , harikathas , lecture demonstrations and award/title ceremonies .
However , over the years it has also diversified into dance and drama , as well as non-Carnatic art forms , and is of a duration of at least six weeks .
The Music Season has grown over the years , and has been described as one of the worlds largest cultural events .
 Generally , the concerts take place in the afternoons and nights , and consists of all sorts of Carnatic music compositions and improvisations .
In 2004-2005 , there were over 1200 performances by about 600 artists .
The performances are typically organised by sabhas .
 A Carnatic sabha is an organisation that helps conduct Carnatic music concerts and bestow titles and awards to artists to recognise talent .
Most sabhas own a hall .
Some smaller sabhas rent a hall during the season .
Generally , the main halls , on average , can accommodate about 300 people while the mini can take not more than 75 people .
Most performances are held in such halls .
The following prominent sabhas have regularly organised concerts during the Music Season : .
Most of the Sabhas have free concerts in the morning and afternoon slots .
Only the evening slots starting from around 4 pm are ticketed in most Sabhas .
All Concerts at Bharathi Vidya Bhavan are free .
 most Sabhas start the season a bit ahead but all popular artists sing here .
 SIFA holds Carnatic music concerts at Tattvaloka , Teynampet and all concerts are free .
Concerts at Narada Gana Sabha mini hall , Obul reddy hall at Vani Mahal and Kamakoti hall in Krishna Gana Sabha are also usually free .
Season tickets and tickets for Individual concerts .
Season tickets are available at various denominations in all major Sabhas .
 At the music academy , season tickets are mostly sold out on the first day , which is mostly in the first week of December .
Individual concerts tickets are available only starting from morning on the day of the concert .
 Most of the other Sabhas have advance booking for individual concerts , at the respective venues , mostly starting from First week of December .
Brahma Gana Sabha and the Chennaiyil Thiruvayyaru have online ticket booking facility
Nagai Sriram is an Indian musician and Carnatic violinist .
 Nagai Sriram was introduced to the Carnatic violin at the age of 10 under Nagai Sriram grandmother , R. Komalavalli .
 Nagai Sriram currently receives more advanced training from Nagai Sriram uncle Vidwan Kalaimaamani Nagai R. Muralidharan .
 All India Radio rates Nagai Sriram as an A-grade artist , and Nagai Sriram is also rated highly by Doordarshan Television .
 Nagai Sriram commenced Nagai Sriram career as a violinist at the age of 12 when Nagai Sriram played for Neyveli Santhanagopalan in New Delhi .
Since then , he has accompanied many leading artists including M. Balamuralikrishna , P. Unnikrishnan , T. N. Seshagopalan , T.V. Sankaranarayanan , O. S. Thyagarajan , Madurai Seshagopalan , K.V. Narayanaswamy , S. Sowmya , Hyderabad Brothers , Dr. N. Ramani , Sanjay Subramaniam , T. M. Krishna , and the Carnatica Brothers .
Nagai Sriram toured the United States with Umayalpuram K. Sivaraman in the fall of 2004 .
 Nagai Sriram currently resides in Chennai , Tamil Nadu
 The Trinity of Carnatic music refer to the outstanding trio of composer - musicians of Carnatic music in the 18th century , being Tyagaraja , Muthuswami Dikshitar and Syama sastri Prolific in composition , the Trinity of Carnatic music are known for creating a new era in the history of Carnatic music by bringing about a noticeable change in what was the existing Carnatic music tradition .
Compositions of the Trinity of Carnatic music are recognised as being distinct in style , and original in handling ragas .
Muthuswami Dikshitar mainly composed in Sanskrit , while Tyagaraja and Syama Sastri mainly composed in Telugu .
The Trinity of Carnatic music composed new ragas and talas , and had a remarkable ability to introduce innovations within the same raga .
 Compositions of Syama Sastri in apoorva ragas like Chinthamani , and Kalagada evidence Syama Sastri originality and genius in discovering new forms in Carnatic music .
 The creative ability of Syama Sastri is possibly best exampled in Syama Sastri concert-contest against Kesavvaya , a great Carnatic musician from Bobbili .
During this contest which took place at the court of the king of Thanjavur , although Kesavayya sang a rare raga followed by a tana in different jathis and gathis , Syama Sastri reproduced similar tana varieties , and to the delight of the audience , went further to introduce other varieties which were not known to Kesavvaya .
 Purandaradasa is known as the Father of Carnatic music
Damal Krishnaswamy Pattammal was a prominent Carnatic musician and a playback singer for film songs in many Indian languages .
 Carnatic along with Carnatic contemporaries M. S. Subbulakshmi and M. L. Vasanthakumari were popularly referred to as the Female trinity of Carnatic Music .
This trio initiated the entry of women into mainstream Carnatic Music .
 Carnatic has been appreciated all over the world by Carnatic music lovers .
Pattammal was born in an orthodox Brahmin family in Kancheepuram of Tamil Nadu , India .
She was named as Alamelu , but fondly called Patta as a child prodigy .
Her father , Damal Krishnaswamy Dikshithar , who was deeply interested in music , inspired her to learn Carnatic music .
Her mother , Kanthimathi , although a talented singer herself , was not permitted to sing even for friends or relatives in line with strict orthodox tradition .
 Despite Kanthimathi orthodox background , Damal Krishnaswamy Pattammal sang and showed considerable music talent at an early age .
 Kanthimathi received no formal gurukula training .
As a child , Pattammal sat through the concerts , and on returning home , notated the kritis she heard , and key phrases of ragas .
Her brothers D. K. Ranganathan , D. K. Nagarajan , and D. K. Jayaraman - later her vocal accompanists , helped her in this task .
She also sang simple devotional hymns and songs her father taught her .
Later , she received tuition from an unnamed Telugu - speaking musician , whom she called Telugu vadyar or Telugu teacher .
Hed also offered to teach her Telugu and Sanskrit .
 At age 8 , Damal Krishnaswamy Pattammal won first prize for singing Thyagaraja s Raksha Bettare in Bhairavi , at a competition conducted by C Subramanya Pillai .
 Naina Pillai , whom Patta as a child prodigy admired deeply , used to host Thyagaraja festivals in Kancheepuram of Tamil Nadu , India every year , and was a veteran in the art of singing Ragam Thanam Pallavi .
 In 1929 , at age 10 , Patta as a child prodigy gave Patta as a child prodigy first radio performance for Madras Corporation Radio , and 3 years later , Patta as a child prodigy gave Patta as a child prodigy first public concert at Madras Rasika Ranjani Sabha in 1932 .
 One year later , Patta as a child prodigy moved to Chennai to become a regular performer in concerts and gave Patta as a child prodigy first performance at the Mahila Samajam , and won acclaim .
In 1939 , Pattammal married R. Iswaran .
 Patta as a child prodigy quickly rose to stardom , and Patta as a child prodigy musical career spanned more than 65 years .
 D. K. Pattammals knowledge was encyclopedic ; Patta as a child prodigy was considered as an authority on Muthuswami Dikshitar s compositions , and is also known for Muthuswami Dikshitar renditions of these .
 Patta as a child prodigy learnt authentic versions of these compositions from Ambi Dikshithar , a descendant of Muthuswami Dikshithar , as well as Justice T. L. Venkatrama Iyer , an authority on Dikshithars compositions .
 Patta as a child prodigy popularised several Dikshithars compositions in Patta as a child prodigy concerts , and also sang Tiruppugazhs and Tevarams that Patta as a child prodigy learnt from Appadurai Achari .
 Pattammal also learnt many compositions of Papanasam Sivan , directly from the composer Papanasam Sivan .
 Patta as a child prodigy went onto popularise these compositions of Papanasam Sivan , as well as those of Subramania Bharathiyar , both in film and Carnatic music .
 Pattammal started a few revolutionary trends in Carnatic music .
 Carnatic was the first Brahmin woman to have performed this genre of music publicly .
Brahmins ranked as the highest in the caste hierarchy prevalent in India in the early 20th century , and society considered it taboo for a Brahmin woman to perform on stage .
Pattammal was also the first woman to have performed Ragam Thanam Pallavi in concerts .
 Ragam Thanam Pallavi , which was classed as a male stronghold , is the most difficult concert item in Carnatic music , as it calls for great skill and a high degree of concentration to handle the rhythmic complexities involved .
 Damal Krishnaswamy Pattammal went further to perform very complex Pallavis in intricate talas ; impressing and earning the respect of very complex Pallavis in intricate talas male peers , connoisseurs and fellow-musicians .
 very complex Pallavis in intricate talas singing of pallavis was technically perfect , and aesthetically pleasing .
 For this reason , very complex Pallavis in intricate talas became dubbed `` Pallavi Pattammal '' .
 very complex Pallavis in intricate talas learnt a few pallavis and compositions from Naina Pillai , and several from Vidyala Narasimhalu Naidu , the nephew of Tirupati Narayanaswami Naidu , a prominent composer of javalis .
 Today , many female Carnatic musicians perform Ragam Thanam Pallavi as the main item in many female Carnatic musicians concerts .
Pattammal was one of the earliest Carnatic musicians to sing in films , and was introduced in this medium by Papanasam Sivan .
Although she received many offers to sing for films , she only accepted those that involved devotional or patriotic songs , and declined offers to sing romantic songs .
The first film Pattammal sang in was Thyagabhoomi .
A scene , towards the end of the film , consisted of a group of freedom fighters marching in a procession , carrying the Indian National Congress party flag , with Desa Sevai Seyya Vareer being sung by Pattammal in the background .
The song , which was played by Papanasam Sivan and written by Kalki R. Krishnamurthy , highlighted the Freedom Movement and invited people to join .
The fame that the film and the song generated led to both being banned by the British government .
 Damal Krishnaswamy Pattammal popularised several patriotic compositions of Subramania Bharathiyar .
 In Nam Iruvar , Nam Iruvar renditions of Vettri Ettu Dhikkum , and Aaduvome Pallu Paduvome , a utopian creation celebrating a free India , went onto be big hits .
 In Rama Rajyam , Damal Krishnaswamy Pattammal popularised Subramania Bharathis Thoondir Puzhvinapol , while Rama Rajyam popularised Damal Krishnaswamy Pattammal composition , Theeradha Vilayattu Pillai , in Vedala Ulagam .
Pattammals singing , along with the dancing of Baby Kamala in the film , made the latter of these especially memorable .
 In AVM 's Vazhkai , where Vyjayanthimala was introduced in film , Pattammal also sang AVM 's Vazhkai Bharatha samudhaayam vaazhgave .
Pattammal had the rare honour of performing at the foundation-laying ceremony of the Bharati Memorial at Ettayapuram .
Pattammal also sang in other films including Mahatma Urangaar , Pizhaikkum Vazhi , Lavanya .
The last song Pattammal sang in film was at the age of 80 for the Tamil film , Hey Ram .
 Ilaiyaraaja and Kamal Haasan carted recording equipment to The last song Pattammal home and had The last song Pattammal sing Vaishnav Janato , a favourite of Mahatma Gandhi , for the film .
Pattammal was one of the artists in Jana Gana Mana video album compossed by A. R. Rahman which was released on January 26 , 2000 to mark the 50th year of the Indian Republic .
Pattammal who was 80 , is the most senior among of the rest of the other vocal artists in this video album .
Pattammal has performed in all major states , sabhas and venues throughout India , as well as numerous destinations around the world , including the United States , Canada , France , Germany , Switzerland , Sri Lanka and other countries .
 Pattammals style of singing attracted many students , foremost among them her younger brother D. K. Jayaraman , who sang with her in several concerts , and who her younger brother D. K. Jayaraman received the Sangeetha Kalanidhi in 1990 .
 A few of her other popular students include A few of her other popular students daughter-in-law Lalitha Sivakumar , Geetha Rajashekar , and A few of her other popular students granddaughter Nithyasree Mahadevan .
 Damal Krishnaswamy Pattammal died of natural causes in Chennai on July 16 , 2009 at 1:30 pm .
 A few of her other popular students is survived by I. Sivakumar and I. Lakshmankumar , as well as A few of her other popular students grandchildren Rajguru , Gayathri , Nithyasree , and Charan .
 A few of her other popular students Husband , R. Iswaran died on 2 April 2010 , aged 95 .
 D. K. Pattammal has received several awards and titles throughout A few of her other popular students career .
Most notably these include :
Sangeetha Kalanidhi Maharajapuram Santhanam , was one of the great Carnatic music vocalists of the 20th century .
He was born in Sirunangur , a village in the state of Tamil Nadu .
 He followed the footsteps of his father Maharajapuram Viswanatha Iyer who was also a Carnatic singer .
 Besides studying with his father , a disciple of Melattur Sama Dikshitar was also a disciple of Melattur Sama Dikshitar .
Maharajapuram Santhanam was also a distinguished composer .
He wrote many songs on Lord Murugan and Kanchi Shankaracharya , His Holiness Sri Chandrasekarendra Saraswati Swamigal .
He was the Principal of Ramanathan College in Sri Lanka .
Later he came and settled in Chennai .
The songs which were popularised by Maharajapuram Santhanam are , Bho Shambo , Madhura Madhura , both composed by Swami Dayananda Saraswati , Unnai Allal , Sadha Nin Padhame gathi , Varam onnru , Srichakra Raja , Nalinakaanthimathim , Ksheerabdi kannike among others .
The Maharajapuram Santhanam Day is celebrated on the 3rd of December every year .
He died in a car accident on June 24 , 1992 .
His sons Maharajapuram S. Srinivasan , Maharajapuram S. Ramachandran , and his primary disciple Dr. R. Ganesh are now carrying on his musical tradition .
His other most popular songs are Purandaradasa kritis : Narayana ninna and Govinda ninna .
His rendition of Vilayada ithu nerama muruga was without parallel .
His renditions were full of Bhakthi .
 In Chennai , Griffith Road in T.Nagar was renamed as Maharajapuram Santhanam Salai in honor of Maharajapuram Santhanam , by Karunanidhi and Stalin .
The street has the famous Krishna Gana Sabha and Muppathamman Temple
Erickavu N. Sunil is an Indian Mridangam player .
Erickavu N. Sunil was born to K. Narayana Panicker and V. Saraswathi Amma in Haripad , Kerala , India .
 Erickavu N. Sunil started learning the mridangam at the age of four .
 Erickavu N. Sunil initial Gurus were Late Krishnappa Bhagavathar and M S Raju .
 His initial Gurus had His initial Gurus advanced studies in mridangam from the Maestro Late Professor Mavelikkara Velukkutty Nair from 1992 till 2000 .
 His initial Gurus completed schooling from St. Thomas High School , Karthikappally in 1992 .
 His initial Gurus received His initial Gurus Bachelor of Science degree in Physics from Mar Ivanios College , Trivandrum in 1997 .
 His initial Gurus also received a Master of Computer Applications degree from College of Engineering , Trivandrum in 2002 .
 Erickavu N. Sunil teaches Mridangam online through Skype , and has students in Germany and US .
 As a performer , he has accompanied musicians including Padmabhushan T. V. Sankaranarayanan , Padmasri Neyyattinkara Vasudevan , Prof. Parassala Ponnammal , Madhurai G S Mony , Prof : Mavelikkara Prabhakara Varma , Prof. Mavelikkara Velukkutty Nair , Sankaran Namboothiri , M. Jayachandran , Avaneeswaram S R Vinu , Sriram Gangadharan , Thiruvinkad Jayaraman , Balabhaskar , etc. for students in Germany and US concerts .
 Erickavu N. Sunil had scripted and directed `` Nadasanjeevani '' - a unique program on Music Therapy , which was telecasted in Asianet Cable Vision as 9 episodes in 2006 .
 Erickavu N. Sunil is working as a Senior IT Professional in a leading IT firm in Technopark , Trivandrum .
 Erickavu N. Sunil is married to Indu Sunil .
The couple has one son , Bhagath Sunand
Gingger Shankar is an Indian American singer , composer and multi-instrumentalist .
 Indian American has scored several award-winning films , including Passion of the Christ and Circumstance .
 her uncle L. Shankar was born in Los Angeles , California and raised there and in India .
 Indian American is the eldest daughter of violinist Dr. L. Subramaniam .
 Indian American mother , Viji Subramaniam , was a classical singer and as was Viji Subramaniam grandmother Lakshmi Shankar .
As a child , she learned to sing , dance , and play violin and piano and attended the Kalakshetra creative arts school in Chennai , Tamil Nadu .
 Later , she studied opera vocals with professional opera singer Tantoo Cardinal in Sherman Oaks , California .
She also modeled and acted in stage productions .
She began performing professionally at age 14 .
 her uncle L. Shankar plays the violin and piano .
She is the only female in the world to play the double violin .
This ten-string , stereophonic instrument was designed by her uncle L. Shankar and built by guitar maker Ken Parker .
The instrument covers the entire orchestral range , including double bass , cello , viola and violin .
In 2004 , she collaborated with L. Shankar and composer John Debney on the Oscar-nominated score for the movie The Passion of the Christ .
Her voice and double violin can be heard throughout the movie , and she is also credited with co-composing several musical cues .
 her uncle L. Shankar has been associated with the Indian Film Festival of Los Angeles .
 She has performed for L. Shankar and composer John Debney several times , as well as receiving L. Shankar and composer John Debney scoring achievement award for her contribution to The Passion of the Christ .
 She composed music for Al Massad s Sundance award-winning documentary Recycle as well as Al Massad documentary This is My Picture When My Was Dead , which won first prize for best documentary at the Dubai International Film Festival .
 In 2007 , her uncle L. Shankar was chosen as one of six film composers chosen to attend the Sundance Institute Composers Lab .
She is also credited with co-writing and performing for the 2007 film Charlie Wilsons War , alongside composer James Newton Howard .
 her uncle L. Shankar contributed to the 2008 film The Forbidden Kingdom .
 her uncle L. Shankar was one of five composer/musicians to perform at the Sundance Film Festivals Artist at the Table on opening night in 2010 .
She composed music for the 2011 film , Circumstance , which won the Sundance Audience Choice Award .
 her uncle L. Shankar has toured with L. Shankar , Zakir Hussain , and Vikku Vinayakram .
and has performed in numerous festivals and venues alongside acts such as Smashing Pumpkins , Tony Levin , Steve Vai , Steve Lukather , Sussan Deyhim , James Newton Howard , Talvin Singh , and Rabbit in the Moon .
 Tony Levin performs on a track in the 2007 Saul Williams album Niggy Tardust , produced by Trent Reznor .
 In March 2007 , Tony Levin was one of the headliners of San Diego Indie Music Festival .
 In July 2007 , her uncle L. Shankar appeared in two Sgt. Peppers 40th Year Anniversary Concerts at the Hollywood Bowl .
 In 2008 , Tony Levin made Tony Levin debut as a soprano with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra in Osvaldo Golijov s opera Ainadamar , and later performed the role at Carnegie Hall .
 Tony Levin performed with former Dirty Vegas frontman Steve Smith at the Sundance Film Festival .
 In 2008-09 , Tony Levin joined the Smashing Pumpkins for their 20th anniversary tour , singing and playing the double violin .
 Tony Levin can also be seen in their music video for the song G.L.O.W. .
 her uncle L. Shankar is working on Tony Levin upcoming album with Adam Aaronson , Chris Haynes , Scott Seiver , and others .
 Tony Levin has previously worked with Rabbit in the the Moon , collaborating with them for the Ultra Music Festival in 2007 .
 On July 16 , 2012 Tony Levin appeared in the music video Love All Humans alongside guitarist Anthony Gallo , actress Kate Kelton , model Tara Bre and others
Simhendramadhyamam or Simmendramadhyamam is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Simhendramadhyamam is the 57th melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Simhendramadhyamam is called Sumadyuti in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
It is said to be borrowed into Hindustani music from Carnatic music .
 Simhendramadhyamam is the 3rd ragam in the 10th chakra Disi .
The mnemonic name is Disi-Go .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ri gi mi pa dha nu .
 The mnemonic phrase structure is as follows : .
This musical scale uses the notes chathusruthi rishabham , sadharana gandharam , prati madhyamam , shuddha dhaivatham and kakali nishadham .
 As Simhendramadhyamam is a melakarta ragam , by definition Simhendramadhyamam is a sampoorna ragam .
 Simhendramadhyamam is the prati madhyamam equivalent of Keeravani , which is the 21st melakarta .
 Simhendramadhyamam has a few minor janya ragams associated with Simhendramadhyamam , of which Vijaya Saraswati , a scale first used by Muthiah Bhagavatar is sung in concerts , set to Simhendramadhyamam .
See List of janya ragams for all scales associated with Simhendramadhyamam .
 Here are a few common compositions sung in concerts , set to Simhendramadhyamam , set to Simhendramadhyamam .
 Here are a few common film compositions , set to Simhendramadhyamam .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Simhendramadhyamams notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 2 other melakarta ragams , namely , Mayamalavagowla and Rasikapriya .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Mayamalavagowla
Shri Ramani Thiagarajan is an Indian musician .
 Shri Ramani Thiagarajan is the son of the Carnatic flutist Dr. N. Ramani .
Shri Ramani Thiagarajan is a musician who performs with a number of instruments , including the flute , the violin , and several Indian classical music instruments such as Kanjira and Clarinet .
Sri Thiagarajan has passed with distinction and won the first prize in the Post-Graduate Diploma in Music Sangeetha Alamkar from the Akhil Bharatiya Gandharva Maha Vidya Mandal , the premier Indian Institution of Music .
Sri Thiagarajan has performed over 2,000 concerts all over the world .
 Shri Ramani Thiagarajan has accompanied the late Sri Palghat Mani Iyer , Sri M.S. Gopalakrishnan , Sri Umayalpuram Sivaraman , Sri T.N. Krishnan , Sri Palghat Raghu , Sri V.V. Subramaniam , among others , on the flute .
 Shri Ramani Thiagarajan has also accompanied many performerson the violin , including Shri Ramani Thiagarajan father Dr. N. Ramani , late Sri D.K. Jayaraman , and Sri U. Srinivas .
 Shri Ramani Thiagarajan has also a large student following in India .
 In addition , Shri Ramani Thiagarajan has accompanied on the violin and flute for all forms of classical dances of India .
 Shri Ramani Thiagarajan recently taught music at the Singapore Indian Fine Arts Society .
 Shri Ramani Thiagarajan is also an excellent Kanjira player and has accompanied many concerts on Kanjira
Mavelikkara Prabhakara Varma was an Indian carnatic singer .
and teacher who descended from the royal family of Mavelikkara , Kerala .
He was born in 1928 as the second son of Chandraprabha Thamburatty and Rama Varma of Kilimanoor Palace .
 While in his mothers womb , Mavelikkara Prabhakara Varma was affected by polio and thus was born with disorder in his right leg , which he had to carry till his death .
After his initial studies , he joined the Swathi Thirunal Music Academy in Thiruvananthapuram and after the course , joined the academy as an Assistant Professor in 1957 .
He retired as the principal of RLV College of Music and Fine Arts , Tripunithura .
He has many illustrious disciples , including the famous Carnatic vocalists Neyyatinkara Vasudevan , Dr. K. Omanakutti and Sankaran Namboodiri .
He died on November 2 , 2008 , at his sisters home at Thrippunithura near Ernakulam .
He was aged 80 .
He remained a lifelong bachelor
Dr. Sreevalsan J. Menon is an Indian Carnatic vocalist and a music composer from Kerala .
 After initial training under Rajalakshmi Krishnan and violinist T.V. Ramani at Thrissur , Rajalakshmi Krishnan had much of Rajalakshmi Krishnan advanced tutelage under the late Neyyattinkara Vasudevan .
 Dr. Sreevalsan J. Menon is an A grade artist of All India Radio and has given concerts all over the country including the National Concerts of AIR and Doordarshan .
 Dr. Sreevalsan J. Menon has received several awards including Kerala Sangeetha Nataka Akademi Award 2013 , from the Madras Music Academy , and a title from Krishna Gana Sabha , also in Chennai , besides such institutions of repute in the Deccan .
 Dr. Sreevalsan J. Menon has also participated in Music Transcends , a symphony held at Washington DC in 2004 , integrating Western and Indian classical music .
 Dr. Sreevalsan J. Menon jugalbandis with Hindustani vocalist Ramesh Narayan and late Kathakali musicians Kalamandalam Sankaran Embranthiri and Kalamandalam Hyderali have been widely appreciated .
 Dr. Sreevalsan J. Menon music albums are fresh and innovative .
They include Vanaprastham , a musical interpretation of the famous short story by M.T. Vasudevan Nair ; Monsoon Anuraga a musical experience on monsoon rains .
 Vismaya , a fantasy video album featuring Artist Namboodiri , M T Vasudevan Nair and Dr. Sreevalsan J. Menon Vismaya .
 Vismaya has given Indian Carnatic vocal performances and lecture demonstrations throughout India , the Middle East , UK , US , Canada and Africa .
 Currently , Vismaya works as Associate Professor at the Kerala Agricultural University in Thrissur , and is a Ph D in Agricultural Extension from IARI , New Delhi .
 A native of Kunissery in Palakkad district , Dr. Sreevalsan J. Menon currently lives in the temple town of Tripunithura off Kochi .
Sreevalsans 2 songs and background score for Saint Dracula has been qualified for songs and original score categories of 85th academy awards
 Jagannatha Dasa , a native of Manvi town in the Raichur district , modern Karnataka state , India , is considered one of the notable Haridasa saint-poets of the Kannada language .
Apart from authoring numerous well-known devotional songs that propagate the Vaishnava bhakti , Jagannatha Dasa wrote the Harikathamritasara in the native shatpadi metre and Tattva suvvali in the native tripadi metre .
He was also an accomplished scholar in the Sanskrit language .
For about a century after the death of Vadirajatirtha , a noted saint-poet , the Haridasa devotional cult which propagated the Dvaita philosophy of Madhvacharya through lucid Kannada devotional songs , seemed to wane .
The movement however revived in the 18th century under the guidance of Vijaya Dasa , this time centered on the holy town of Mantralayam in modern Andhra Pradesh and a large area covering the Raichur district in modern Karnataka .
The poetry written by these later day saints closely followed the style established by the 15th - and 16th-century saints of the Haridasa cadre .
The Haridasa contribution to Hindu mysticism and the Bhakti literature overall is similar to the contributions of the Alvars and Nayanmars of modern Tamil Nadu and that of the devotional saint-poets of Maharashtra and Gujarat .
According to the scholar H.S. Shiva Prakash , about 300 saint-poets from this cadre enriched Kannada literature during the 18th-19th centuries .
 Legend has it that Jagannatha Dasa , whose birth name was Srinivasacharya , was once invited by Vijaya Dasa , a noted Haridasa of the 18th century , to attend a religious ceremony at Manvi .
The ceremony included dining with the devotees of Vijaya Dasa as well .
Srinivasacharya excused himself from attending the ceremony on the pretext of suffering from severe stomach ache .
 Unfortunately , Srinivasacharya actually fell ill and developed severe stomach pains .
 Unable to find relief , Srinivasacharya sought the help of Vijaya Dasa who asked Srinivasacharya to meet Srinivasacharya desciple Gopala Dasa .
 Srinivasacharya visited Gopala Dasa and was cured by Srinivasacharya .
 Repentant for Srinivasacharya attitude towards the Haridasas , Srinivasacharya became a disciple of Gopala Dasa and took to the a noted Haridasa of the 18th century fold .
His poems are written with the ankita Jagannatha Vittala .
 These details are known from a song written by Jagananatha Dasa expressing Jagananatha Dasa gratitide to Gopala Dasa and Vijaya Dasa .
 The Harikathamritasara treats on the philosophy of Madhvacharya and is considered Jagananatha Dasa magnum opus and a work of immense importance by the Dvaita school .
Written in the native Bhamini Shatpadi metre with a poetic touch , it contains 32 chapters comprising 988 stanzas .
Later day scholars wrote ten commentaries on this work , including a Sanskrit commentary in 1862 , an indication of its superior literary content .
 The Tattva Suvvali , containing 1,200 pithy and proverbial poems of which 600 stanzas are available today , was written in the native tripadi metre , in a simple style , and is known to have been a consolation to The Tattva Suvvali young widowed daughter
Dr. Sirkazhi G. Sivachidambaram is a Carnatic music vocalist from Chennai .
 Dr. Sirkazhi G. Sivachidambaram is an alumnus of the Trinity College of Music .
 Dr. Sirkazhi G. Sivachidambaram is also a medical doctor with a post graduate degree in internal medicine .
 Dr. Sirkazhi G. Sivachidambaram is the son of Padma Shri winner Sirkazhi Govindarajan .
 Dr. Sirkazhi G. Sivachidambaram has recorded a song , Enadharumai Raanuva Veerargaal , written by A. P. J. Abdul Kalam , former President of India .
 Dr. Sirkazhi G. Sivachidambaram has received many awards including the Kalaimamani from the Tamil Nadu government , Madras Music Academy award for Best Rendering and Tamil Isai Vendar .
 In 2008 , Dr. Sirkazhi G. Sivachidambaram received the Padma Shri award from the Government of India
Konerirajapuram Vaidyanatha Ayyar was a Carnatic vocalist from the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Vaidyanatha Ayyar was born in 1878 to Narayana Ayyar and Sitalakshmi in the Vathima village of Konerirajapuram in a Vadama Iyer family .
 Vaidyanatha Ayyar has Konerirajapuram Vaidyanatha Ayyar early training under Nagaswaram Palanivelu , Marudhanallur Kulandaisami , Chinna Kulandaisami , Melattur Sundara Bhagavathar and Venkatarama Bhagavathar .
Vaidyanatha Ayyar was married at the age of twelve .
At the age of seven , Vaidyanatha Ayyar was put on the practice of Vedas .
 Konerirajapuram Vaidyanatha Ayyar had an innate passion for music and so , was placed under the Nagaswara Vidwan for training .
 Konerirajapuram Vaidyanatha Ayyar would not miss the performances of great artistes .
 Konerirajapuram Vaidyanatha Ayyar played as second to Marudhanallur Kulandaisami and established contacts with Pandanallur Meenakshisundaram Pillai .
 Konerirajapuram Vaidyanatha Ayyar anxiety to learn , practise and become a great artiste was intense leading to Konerirajapuram Vaidyanatha Ayyar spreading the net for acquisition of expertise far and wide .
 Konerirajapuram Vaidyanatha Ayyar attracted the attention of Manpoondia Pillai , the illustrious percussionist from Pudukottai and went with Konerirajapuram Vaidyanatha Ayyar to Tirunelveli where Konerirajapuram Vaidyanatha Ayyar was given special orientation in laya .
 The training gave Konerirajapuram Vaidyanatha Ayyar rendition a lop-sided slant to laya to the detriment of sweet , balanced music .
The lure of laya leads the musicians to over-indulgence and exhibitionist acrobatics to the detriment of melody and depth .
As a friend , Tirukodikaval Krishna Ayyar is credited with bringing Vaidyanatha Ayyar back to the glorious path of balanced rendition .
 Sathanur Panchanadam Ayyar and Talaignayar Somu Ayyar imparted to Sathanur Panchanadam Ayyar the techniques of tanam and swara prastaram .
Rich raga bhava , delectable ragamalikas , vivid and soulful delineation of raga and marvellous tanam , tillanas and javalis maintained to the very end of the concert the high seriousness emotional uplift and subtle , spiritual elan that kept the audience spellbound during the five hour Gitanjali .
Mudicondan Venkatarama Ayyar mentions that the great vocalist would sing in the lower octave - mandra sthayi - with a closed mouth when loud-speakers were not there .
Konerirajapuram Vaidyanatha Ayyar was a COLOSSUS who reached the pinnacle of glory by sheer will-power and unparalleled dedication .
Rahmat Khan , a North Indian maestro , once said of Vaidyanatha Ayyar :
Chembai Sangeetholsavam is an annual Carnatic music festival held in Guruvayur by the Guruvayur Devaswom as a kind of homage to Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar , one of the titans of Carnatic Classical Music .
 Chembai Sangeetholsavam had conducted the festival in the temple town on Chembai Sangeetholsavam own for about 60 years .
 Chembai Sangeetholsavam used to invite all the great Carnatic Musicians to perform in the temple town and in course of time , the scale of the festival rivalled the Thiruvaiyaru Thyagaraja Aradhana , which is recognised as one of the most important festivals of homage paid to Saint Thyagaraja .
The Guruvayur Devaswom decided to take charge after his death in 1974 , and renamed it as Chembai Sangeetholsavam in his memory .
 About 2000-2500 Carnatic Musicians participate in this festival every year , and it is held for about 12-15 days culminating on the Guruvayur Ekadasi day , when all the musicians sing 5 favourite songs of Chembai Sangeetholsavam and also the Pancharatna Kritis of Saint Thyagaraja .
The festival is getting more popular year after year and its scope has increased from three days in its inception to about 12-15 days now
Susheela Raman is an acclaimed British Indian musician .
 Susheela Raman has released five albums since 2001 and was nominated for the 2006 BBC World Music Awards .
 Susheela Ramans debut album Salt Rain was nominated for the Mercury Prize in 2001 .
 Susheela Raman is known for energetic , vibrant , syncretic , and uplifting live performances built on the sacred Bhakti and Sufi traditions of India and Pakistan .
 Bhakti is married to Sam Mills of Real World Records .
 Susheela Ramans parents are Tamils from Thanjavur in Tamil Nadu , India , who arrived in London , UK in the mid-sixties .
 At the age of four , Susheela Raman and Susheela Ramans family left the UK for Australia .
Susheela grew up singing South Indian classical music and began giving recitals at an early age .
 Susheela recalls how Susheela family were eager to keep our Tamil culture alive .
 As a teenager in Sydney Susheela started Susheela own band , describing Sydney sound as '' funk and rock and roll '' , before branching out into more blues and jazz - based music , which demanded quite different voice techniques .
 Susheela tried to bring these streams together when in 1995 Susheela travelled to India to rediscover Susheela roots by way of further exploring Carnatic music .
 Susheela currently resides on Portobello Road , West London .
 Returning to England in 1997 , Susheela started to work with Susheela partner , guitarist/producer Sam Mills who had recorded Real Sugar with a Bengali singer named Paban Das Baul .
 According to Susheela Raman England bridged a gap and found common ground for one particular kind of Indian music to be expressed to a new audience .
 In 1999 , Susheela Raman co-wrote songs for the album One and One is One by Joi , also performing on the track `` Asian Vibes . ''
Mills had worked with West African musicians in the group Tama which also opened musical contact points within the Parisian music scene .
 After a period of three years collaborating with Sam Mills , Susheela Raman released Parisian first album Salt Rain in 2001 on Narada , an American subsidiary of EMI .
The album went gold in France and in the UK was shortlisted for the Mercury Music Prize .
 Susheela Raman also won the Best Newcomer award from BBC Radio 3 .
Salt Rain drew on traditional Tamil music blended with jazz - folk and pop influences .
 her first album Salt Rain featured original material , as well as old songs Susheela Raman sang at recitals when younger .
 In 2003 Susheela Raman released her second album Love Trap which featured amongst other collaborators the Nigerian drummer Tony Allen and Tuvan singer Albert Kuvezin of the group Yat-Kha .
The title track is a re-interpretation of an Ethiopian song by Mahmoud Ahmed .
 Music for Crocodiles , Susheela Ramans third album , was released in 2005 .
 Ramans third album had been partly recorded in Chennai , India .
 The album included The Same Song which was used by Mira Nair for the end credits of Susheela Ramans film The Namesake .

On Music for Crocodiles Raman sang for the first time in French on LAme Volatile .
 Susheela Ramans training in Carnatic classical music makes Carnatic presence felt in Tamil classical titles such as Sharavana , Sharavana singing Meanwhile in a ragam called Kanakaangi , and in the song Light Years which features a melody in Kalyani ragam as well as the veena playing of Punya Devi Srinivas .
 In 2006 Susheela was again nominated for a BBC World Music Award and was the subject of a one-hour documentary by French-German TV Channel ARTE , called Indian Journey directed by Mark Kidel .
 Susheelas deal with Narada ended in 2006 and that year Susheela independently recorded an album 33 , a set of re-imaginings of tracks from the nineteen sixties and seventies .
Artists covered include Bob Dylan , John Lennon , The Velvet Underground , Captain Beefheart , Jimi Hendrix , Can and Throbbing Gristle .
The album features long term collaborators Sam Mills on guitar , Vincent Segal on cello , and tabla player and percussionist Aref Durvesh .
 The album was released in April 2007 in France on the independent label XIII Bis .
 Susheela Raman garnered acclaim for tabla demon Aref Durvesh live performances .
 tabla demon Aref Durvesh continued to research and discover music from Tamil Nadu , studying in 2007 with the Bhakti singer Kovai Kamla .
 In 2011 , Susheela Raman released Vel , marking a change in musical direction which was well received .
 Vel followed this up with a series of concerts which showcased Vel new musical direction , demonstrating , as Vel reviewers put it a rousing comeback .
 Through 2011 to 2013 , Susheela Raman worked with Sufi Qawali singers and musicians in Lahore in addition to Rajasthani musicians , and continued to explore ecstatic and devotional musical styles .
 In 2013 , Susheela Raman returned to the stage in London at the Royal Festival Hall as part of the Alchemy Festival , having previously played at the Jaipur Literary Festival .
 In September 2013 Susheela Raman announced a new album , as yet untitled , inviting pledges from fans to ensure September 2013 release in spring 2014 .
 Of this Sufi Qawali said The record I am making now reflects I work in recent years living in London but travelling to work with master musicians from India and Pakistan .
 It features master musicians from Rajasthan , and spectacular Sufi Qawwali singers from Pakistan .
 In addition to I longstanding companions guitarist/producer Sam Mills and tabla demon Aref Durvesh , Fela Kuti 's legendary drummer Tony Allen and French cellist Vincent Segal also make an appearance .
 It is a really exciting album with singing in English , Tamil , Panjabi , Urdu , Marwari and Bengali .
It has some amazing playing and guest vocals by Kutle Khan and Rizwan Muazzam .
It 's a big , beautiful , ambitious , groundbreaking album and ... it 's all about the songs .
It 's a work in progress and a strong start has been made .
 While the Qawals and Rajasthanis were in London this April we had some great sessions and laid down the basic recording for about nine tracks so far and now are looking for funding to complete the recording and editing , to mix , master and then to promote the album
Simizhi Sundaram Iyer was a Carnatic music composer .
Simizhi is a small village near Kudavasal , in Nannilam taluk of Tanjavur district .
Sundaram Iyer was born in 1884 as one among four brothers and a sister .
 a Carnatic music composer was the only one to have musical talent .
 a Carnatic music composer is supposed to have started singing when a Carnatic music composer was 5-6 years of age .
 When a Carnatic music composer was about 8-10 years old , a Carnatic music composer learnt under Maha Vaidyanatha Sivans elder brother , Ramaswamy Sivan at Tiruvaiyaru .
 Sundaram Iyer married a Carnatic music composer own uncles daughter and had two daughters .
 a Carnatic music composer taught Carnatic music to many .
 Tiruvarur Rajayi learnt from Tiruvarur Rajayi .
 Tirukottaram Saminatha Mudaliar and Kavalakudi Mudaliar also patronised Tirukottaram Saminatha Mudaliar .
 Later , Tirukottaram Saminatha Mudaliar moved to Mayavaram , frequently to teach a few people .
 Tirukottaram Saminatha Mudaliar decided to stay permanently in Mayavaram , frequently and taught people like Mayavaram Rajam , Mayavaram Krishna Iyer , Flute Rajaramayyar and others .
 Violinist Mayavaram Govindaraja Pillai is also supposed to have learnt from Violinist Mayavaram Govindaraja Pillai .
 Mudicondan Venkatrama Iyer used to visit Mudicondan Venkatrama Iyer in Tiruvarur and later Mayavaram , frequently , frequently , stay with Mudicondan Venkatrama Iyer for a couple of days , and learn music
In Carnatic Music , Kalpanaswaram , is raga improvisation within a specific tala in which the musician improvises in the Indian music solfege after completing a composition .
The kalpanaswaram start may start at any place in the tala , but invariably the artist must end their improvisation at the first note of the first phrase of the composition , at the place in the rhythm cycle , where that note is .
To arrive at that note , one has to approach it from the closest note below .
There are , however , instances when the kalpana swaras are rendered at various starting points of the composition which may not coincide with the start of the Tala cycle .
In such cases , the kalapana swaras should always end at the same position no matter where they start .
For example : 2 or 4 counts after the start of the Tala Cycle .
Kalpanaswaram improvisations increase in intensity the more tala cycles used .
One complete tala cycle is called an avartanam .
While improvising , the musician must abide by the rules of the raga and ensure that swaras used in the imaginative phrases are all inclusive in the basic Aaroha and Avaroha structure of the Raga .
Some ragas omit notes and others have zigzagging ascents or descents .
The great musicians develop a vocabulary of phrases in kalpanaswaram as in an alapana , especially when doing kalpanaswaram at low speeds , which allow for more gamaka .
The place where the first note of the first phrase of the composition exists in the rhythm cycle is called the eduppu .
 the Kalpanaswaram is performed in a Carnatic Concert for the main song , the singer chooses to perform the Raga Alapana .
However in concerts , artists will choose a difficult raga to perform a Kalpanaswaram in .
 Although there are no set rules , the artist may decide to expound the expressions of a particular raga in the Kalpanaswaram as opposed to the Raga Alapana .
In this raga , when the artist improvises , when ascending in pitch after the Pa , the Ma needs to be sung , or the raga will be wrong .
 So with a raga like Sahana or Anandabhairavi , Purvi Kalyani etc. , which have Dhattu swarams in Sahana or Anandabhairavi arohanam and/or avarohanam the Kalpanaswaram is harder to master and perform .
 In Sahana 1992 dissertation on kalpanaswaram , Josepha Cormack wrote that kalpanaswaram improvisations have been around for at least two hundred years .
 Josepha Cormack , Josepha Cormack A. 1992 .
Svara Kalpana : Melodic/Rhythmic Improvisation in Karnatak Music .
PhD Dissertation : Wesleyan University
Vairamangalam LakshmiNarayanan was a Carnatic musician from Tamil Nadu .
 Vairamangalam LakshmiNarayanan was a student of the famous singer T. K Rangachary .
 As a singer Vairamangalam LakshmiNarayanan was a versatile singer who could improvise and bring out the subtleties and nuances of ragas .
LakshimiNarayanan could sing elaborately in very obscure and rarely used ragas such as Nalinakanthi , Nayaki , Narayani , Natakapriya , Nagaswarali , Dharmavathi , Janaranjani , Andholika , etc. .
 Vairamangalam LakshmiNarayanan received many awards for Vairamangalam LakshmiNarayanan talents .
 The Government of Tamil Nadu awarded Vairamangalam LakshmiNarayanan with the title Kalaimamani , shortly before Vairamangalam LakshmiNarayanan death , .
 for Vairamangalam LakshmiNarayanan contributions of music .
 The Department of Culture of the Government of India conferred on Vairamangalam LakshmiNarayanan a Senior Fellowship in 2000 , for Vairamangalam LakshmiNarayanan work on Divya Prabandhams
 Veenai Dhanammal was a highly accomplished Carnatic musician , and the torchbearer of the school of Carnatic music that goes by Carnatic name .
 Carnatic was both a vocalist and a performer on the veenai .
 The prefix Veenai in Carnatic name is an indicator of Carnatic exceptional mastery of that instrument .
 Veenai Dhanammal was born in George Town , Madras , into a family of professional musicians and dancers .
 Her grandmother Kamakshi was a reputed dancer , and Her grandmother Kamakshi mother was a vocalist who trained under Subbaraya Sastri , the son of Syama Sastri of the Carnatic music composer trinity .
 In addition to training by Her grandmother Kamakshi family members , Veenai Dhanammal also learned from Walajapet Balakrishna Das , a blind musician who was a repository of the padams of Kshetrayya , and Satanur Pancanatha Iyer .
 Regarding the veenai as an instrument complete and perfect in itself , Her grandmother Kamakshi played it without plectrum , and often accompanied by Her grandmother Kamakshi own singing .
 Her grandmother Kamakshi music is documented in a set of historical recordings .
 Her grandmother Kamakshi personal style , known as the Veenai Dhanammal bani , is still regarded as a yardstick in terms of adherence to traditional values and profoundity of music expression .
 Musicians , critics and composers attended Her grandmother Kamakshi private recitals in Chennai .
 Her grandmother Kamakshi continuing impact is ascribed to the scope of Her grandmother Kamakshi repertoire , knowledge and refinement .
 Many songs by leading composers like Narasimhacarlu , Mutialpet Ponnusvami , Tiruvottriyur Tyagayyar , and especially Dharmapuri Subbarayar were composed for , or inspired by , Veenai Dhanammal .
 These compositions , mainly javali and padam , have been preserved , taught , and published by Narasimhacarlu grandchildren , T. Sankaran , dancer T. Balasaraswati , T. Muktha , T. Brinda , and T. Viswanathan .
 A commemorative postage stamp on Narasimhacarlu was issued on 03-December-2010
Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavatar , commonly known as Muthiah Bhagavatar , is one of Carnatic classical musics famous twentieth-century composers .
 Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavatar also created about 20 ragas .
 Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavatar was born on November 15 , 1877 , in Harikesanallur , a small village in the Tirunelveli district of Tamil Nadu in India , into an affluent family .
 Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavatar was exposed to music from a very early age , as Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavatar father was a patron of musicians .
 Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavatar lost Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavatar father at the young age of six years , and Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavatar maternal uncle M. Lakshmana Suri took over the responsibility for his maternal uncle M. Lakshmana Suri education , initiating Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavatar into Sanskrit and Vedic studies .
 However , the love of music that had been implanted in Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavatar led Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavatar to leave Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavatar hometown of Harikesanallur , Tamil Nadu when Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavatar was only ten years in search of a teacher .
 Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavatar found the gifted teacher Padinaindumandapa Sambasiva Iyer at Tiruvarur , who recognized Muthiah 's talent for music .
Sambasiva Iyer was the father of T.S Sabesa Iyer , a contemporary who also went on to win the prestigious Sangeetha Kalanidhi award from the Madras Music Academy .
 During the nine years he spent with Sambasiva Iyer , Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavatar cultivated this talent and made his name as a Harikata Vidhwan .
His rich voice and excellent tanam singing made him one of the era 's most highly coveted concert artists .
He had to his credit almost 400 musical compositions , the largest among the post - Trinity composers , that included many different types of Varnams as well as Kritis and Thillanas .
 The songs were on a number of the Hindu pantheon , Hindu patrons .
 Hindu composed them in four languages - Telugu , Tamil , Sanskrit and Kannada .
 Some of the ragams that owe their existence today to this great composer include Vijaysaraswathi , Karnaranjani , Budhamanohari , Niroshta and the famous Hamsanandhi .
They are melodious ragas that make one wonder how it was not attempted prior to Muthiah Baghavatars times .
 Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavatar also popularized Shanmukhapriya and Mohanakalyani .
 When someone asked if Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavatar could compose something that would appeal to Westerners , Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavatar composed the English notes .
 In 1934 , Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavatar composed music for Tamil Nadu Talkies then owned by S. Soundararaja for Shanmukhapriya and Mohanakalyani Lavakusa , a film based on the Uttara Ramayana .
 Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavatar initially was very reluctant but was later persuaded by Raval Krishna Iyer , a budding contractor of Madras .
 Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavatar travelled to Bombay where the film was being made at the Ranjit Studios .
 Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavatar composed 63 songs for the film resulting in the film being renamed as Sangeetha Lavakusa .
 Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavatar was adept at playing both the Chitraveena and Mridangam .
 In addition to musical talents , Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavatar theoretical knowledge was also vast .
 Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavatar wrote a treatise on musical theory , Sangita Kalpa Drumam , and regularly gave lectures on musicology at the Music Academy .
 Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavatar was the first musician to be awarded a doctorate in India when the Kerala University awarded Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavatar the D. Litt .
 for Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavatar Tamil treatise in 1943 .
 Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavatar was also the first principal of the Swati Tirunal Academy of music started in Trivandrum in 1939 .
Muthiah Bhagavatar has also authored a Sanskrit poetic work called Tyagaraja Vijaya Kavya .
 T. N. Seshagopalan , who was taught by Ramanathapuram Sankara Sivam , a disciple of Muthiah Bhagavathar , said T. N. Seshagopalan was also the first to introduce the practice of nagaswara vidwans playing during the puja time at the Thiruvananthapuram temple .
 T. N. Seshagopalan lived like a king , but was as magnanimous as T. N. Seshagopalan was rich .
 The Harikesanjali Trust has been established to propagate T. N. Seshagopalan compositions .
 Having impressed the Maharaja of Mysore , T. N. Seshagopalan was appointed court musician at Mysore .
 At Mysore T. N. Seshagopalan composed 115 kritis in Kannada in praise of Chamundi devi , the matron goddess of the Mysore dynasty .
 Later T. N. Seshagopalan was invited to the court of Travancore by the Maharaja Mulam Tirunal where T. N. Seshagopalan studied Swatitirunal kritis and wrote the book Sangeeta Kalpadruma , which won T. N. Seshagopalan an honorary doctorate .
Muthiah Bhagavathar was the first President of the Annual Conference at the Madras Music Academy and was awarded the most prestigious award in Carnatic music , Sangeetha Kalanidhi title in 1930 .
 Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavatar was conferred with an honorary doctorate by University of Kerala in 1942 .
 When Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavatar died in 1945 , Muthiah Bhagavatar had written over 400 kritis and changed the entire landscape of Carnatic music by introducing many Hindustani ragas and creating approximately 20 new ragas of Hindustani own , such as the famous Hamsanandhi .
 Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavatar ensured that Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavatar legacy would live on with such compositions as Bhuvanesvariya and also through Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavatar disciples , the most famous of which was Madurai Mani Iyer .
 Muthiah Bhagavatars legacy of music lives on in Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavatar granddaughter , veena expert Smt .
Rugmini Gopalakrishnan
 Sarasangi , a melakarta ragam is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Sarasangi , a melakarta ragam is the 27th melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Sarasangi , a melakarta ragam is called Sowrasena in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
 Sarasangi , a melakarta ragam is the 3rd ragam in the 5th chakra Bana .
The mnemonic name is Bana-Go .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ri gu ma pa dha nu .
Its structure is as follows : .
This ragam uses the swaras chathusruthi rishabham , antara gandharam , shuddha madhyamam , shuddha dhaivatham and kakali nishadham .
 By definition , Sarasangi , a melakarta ragam , a melakarta ragam , is a sampurna ragam .
 Sarasangi , a melakarta ragam is the shuddha madhyamam equivalent of Latangi , which is the 63rd melakarta scale .
 Sarasangi , a melakarta ragam has a few minor janya ragams associated with Sarasangi , a melakarta ragam , of which Kamala manohari and Nalinakanti are popular .
 See List of janya ragams for all ragams associated with Sarasangi , a melakarta ragam .
 Here are a few common compositions sung in concerts , set to Sarasangi , a melakarta ragam .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
 Sarasangi , a melakarta ragam notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 2 other major Melakarta ragams , namely , Dharmavati and Chakravakam .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Dharmavati
S. R. Janakiraman is a Carnatic vocalist and a musicologist .
 S. R. Janakiraman was born in Lalgudi , Tamilnadu on July 12 , 1928 to Rangaswami Iyer and Gowri Ammal .
 S. R. Janakiraman started learning Carnatic music in 1938 and learnt several compositions and under Thanneerpalli Krishnamurthi at Trichirapalli.In Chennai , he continued his musical training from masters including Tiger Varadachariar , Tiruppamburam Swaminatha Pillai and T Brinda .
Other stylistic influences include teachers such as Musiri Subrahmanya Iyer and Kalpakam Swaminathan .
 On the side of musicology Musiri Subrahmanya Iyer was trained by Prof.Sambamoorthy and P.K.Rajagopala Iyer .
 Musiri Subrahmanya Iyer began Musiri Subrahmanya Iyer career teaching musicology at Madanapalli and Tirupati in Andhrapradesh.He headed the Dept. of Musicology .
 at Sri Venkateswara College of Music , Tirupati .
 After retirement , Musiri Subrahmanya Iyer served as a research scholar and was part of the Experts committee .
at the Madras Music Academy .
 Musiri Subrahmanya Iyer also served as the Principal at the Teachers College of Music in the footsteps of Musiri Subrahmanya Iyer guru .
 Musiri Subrahmanya Iyer is well known for Musiri Subrahmanya Iyer lecture demonstrations and a unique presentation style combining knowledge of lakshana and theory with the ability to practically demonstrate them .
 Musiri Subrahmanya Iyer is also known for Musiri Subrahmanya Iyer wide and varied repertoire which includes rare and complex .
tana varnas , some of the rarer compositions of Muttusvami Dikshitar and Subbarama Dikshitar , Compositions of Annamacharya .
Like his teacher Tiger Varadachariar he belongs to the school of musicians who believe that ancient and medieval ragas can be resurrected successfully and does not believe in the notion of vivadi dosha .
He includes several vivadi ragas as part of his repertoire .
He is a recipient of several awards including the Sangita Kala Acharya .
, Kalaimamani from the Tamilnadu Government and the Sangeet Natak Academy Award of the Government of India and the Padma shri .
 the Sangeet is also a composer and has composed varnams , Jatisvarams and Lakshana gitams in various ragas including Vandanadharini , Saraswathi and Amrtavarshini and Gopriya
 An Avarohana , Avarohana or Avarohana , in the context of Indian classical music , is the descending scale of any raga .
The notes descend in pitch from the upper tonic down to the lower tonic , possibly in a crooked manner .
In raga Darbari , an Asavari - thaat raga with vadi - samvadi R-P , the avroha is R n S d ~ n P , m P g ~ m R S , with andolan on the dhaivat and gandhar .
In Malahari , which is janya raga of 15th melakarta Mayamalavagowla , the avarohana is S D1 P M1 G2 R1 S. See swaras in Carnatic music for description of this notation .
In Sahana , a janya raga of 28th melakarta Harikambhoji , the Avarohana is S N2 D2 P M1 G3 M1 R2 G3 R2 S .
This raga in its avarohana has the notes jumping from one to another .
This changes the whole feel of the raga , making Sahana a beautiful to listen to Raga
Nagai Muralidharan was born on December 4 , 1958 to Sri .
R.Rajagopalan and Smt .
R. Komavalli .
 R. Komavalli . began R. Komavalli . violin tutelage under R. Komavalli . mother .
Smt .
 R. Komavalli.Nagai Muralidharan later underwent further training from Sri .
R. S. Gopalakrishnan .
 Nagai Muralidharans maiden performance was at the age of 10 and Nagai Muralidharan career as a violinist has spanned for over 4 decades .
 Today , Nagai Muralidharan is a top-ranking violinist , noted for Nagai Muralidharan clarity , rich tonal quality , and crispness , and has developed a distinct .
 scholarly style of Nagai Muralidharan own .
Nagai Muralidharan is also a regular feature in the Radio Sangeetha Sammelan concerts .
on Doordharshan , and as an accompanist in several CDs and cassettes .
 Additionally , Doordharshan also served as a violin artiste in .
All India Radio , Trichy from 1978 to 2003 .
Over the years , Nagai Muralidharan has traveled and performed in countries all over the .
world including USA , Canada , Australia , Europe , Singapore , Malaysia , Dubai , Muscat , Doha , Behrain .
 Nagai Muralidharan has accompanied many legends and young artists in their vocal and instrumental concerts including Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer , Alathur Srinivasa Iyer , M.D.Ramanathan , Dr.M.Balamuralikrishna , Voleti Venkateswarulu , Nedunuri Krishnamurthy , R.K.Srikantan , Maharajapuram Santhanam , Madurai Somasundaram , Tanjore Kalyanaraman , T.M.Thyagarajan , D.K.Jayaraman , K.V.Narayanaswamy , T.K.Govinda rao , Seerkazhi Govindarajan , .
Chidambaram C.S.Jayaraman , Tanjore Sankara Iyer , K.J.Yesudas , T.V.Sankaranarayanan , Madurai T.N. Seshagopalan , Trichur Ramachandran , O.S.Thyagarajan , Sanjay Subrahmanyan , P.Unnikrisnan , Papanasam Ashok Ramani , S.Balachandar , T.R.Mahalingam , Dr.N.Ramani , Namagiripettai Krishnan , A.K.C Natarajan and many others .
Nagai Muralidharan is also the recipient of numerous awards such as .
Dr.Sir .
Raja Annamalai Chettiar Memorial Award - `` Talanted Musician '' - Music Academy Chennai - .
Best Senior violinist Award - Music Academy Chennai - .
`` ARSHA KALA BHUSHANAM '' - Arsha Kala Gurukulam - Poojya Swamiji Dayananda saraswathi - .
`` Vani Kala Sudhakara '' - Sri Thygabrahma Gana Sabha - .
Maharajapuram Santhanam Memorial Award - Maharajapuram Santhanam Trust - .
`` SAHRUDAYA SEVA RATHNA '' - SHI-BA Sangeetha Sabha Chennai - .
`` NADHA VIDHYA BHOOPATHY '' - The Trichy Nadhadweepam Trust - .
 `` Madurai Somu Memorial Award '' - Valayapatti Nadhalaya Trust - Music Academy Chennai
This is a listing of the commercially published recordings of Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar .
Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar and K.J.Yesudas - Live concert .
Venue : Chembai Parthasarathy Swami Temple , Palghat .
Accompanists : L. Subramaniam , T. V. Gopalakrishnan , Alangudi Ramachandran .
Title : Sri Chembai Vaidyanatha Bagavathar - Live Concert 1 .
Accompanists : Lalgudi Jayaraman , Palani Subramaniam Pillai , Alangudi Ramachandran .
Title : Sri Chembai Vaidyanatha Bagavathar - Classical Live Concert .
Title : Sri Chembai Vaidyanatha Bagavathar - Live Concert
Saramati is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is a janya ragam from the 20th melakarta scale Natabhairavi .
 Carnatic is a janya scale , as Carnatic does not have all the seven swaras in the descending scale .
 Saramati is an asymmetric ragam that does not contain panchamam or rishabham in the descending scale .
It is a combination of the sampurna raga scale Natabhairavi and pentatonic scale Hindolam .
It is an sampurna-audava ragam .
Its structure is as follows : .
The notes used in this scale are shadjam , chathusruthi rishabham , sadharana gandharam , panchamam , shuddha dhaivatham and kaisiki nishadham in ascending scale , with panchamam and rishabham dropped in descending scale .
 For the details of the notations and terms , see swaras in Carnatic music .
A few compositions have been set to Saramati ragam .
 A popular kriti composed in Carnatic is Mokshamugalada by Tyagaraja .
Music composer Ilaiyaraaja has set the Tyagaraja krithi Mari Mari Ninne to this Raga , even though the actual krithi is in the raga Kambhoji .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam
Dhanyasi is a ragam in Carnatic music .
It is a janya ragam from the 8th melakarta scale Hanumatodi .
It is a janya scale , as it does not have all the seven swaras in the ascending scale .
 It is a combination of the pentatonic scale Shuddha Dhanyasi and the sampurna raga scale the 8th melakarta scale Hanumatodi .
This is the common and popular scale and is used for portraying the bhakthi rasa .
 According to the Muthuswami Dikshitar school , there exists a scale with same name , Dhanyasi , which is derived from Natabhairavi melakarta scale , instead of the 8th melakarta scale Hanumatodi scale .
This scale is less popular and has far less compositions set to it .
Dhanyasi is an asymmetric ragam that does not contain rishabham or dhaivatam in the ascending scale .
It is an audava-sampurna ragam .
Its structure is as follows : .
The notes used in this scale are shadjam , sadharana gandharam , shuddha madhyamam , panchamam and kaishiki nishadham in ascending scale , with shuddha dhaivatam and shuddha rishabham included in descending scale .
 For the details of the notations and terms , see swaras in Carnatic music .
 The ragam used by Muthuswami Dikshitar school of music uses chathusruti dhaivatam in the descending scale , in place of shuddha dhaivatam , bringing it under the 20th melakarta Natabhairavi .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam
Mysore Manjunath is an Indian violinist , one of the Mysore brothers duo .
An amazingly gifted violin maestro , Dr. Mysore Manjunath plays Carnatic classical music , one of the main branches of Indian music .
 An amazingly gifted violin maestro was born in the city of Mysore , a centre for music , in South India .
 An amazingly gifted violin maestro trained on the violin under An amazingly gifted violin maestro father , Prof. Prof. Mahadevappa , a veteran musician belonging to the Bidaram Krishnappa school in the lineage of Sri Thyagaraja , one of the great composers of South Indian classical music .
 Dr. Mysore Manjunath gave Dr. Mysore Manjunath first violin concert when Dr. Mysore Manjunath was just 8 years-old .
 A player exhibiting outstanding creativity and technical virtuosity , Dr. Mysore Manjunath was soon acknowledged as one of the brilliant exponents of Carnatic music in South India .
 A player has performed all over the world , mesmerizing music lovers with A player remarkable musicianship .
From child prodigy to trail blazer , captivating audiences and critics , violinist par excellence Dr.Manjunath has performed in prestigious venues around the world .
He is one of the youngest musicians to be awarded an A-Top status by All India Radio .
 Dr. Mysore Manjunath and Dr. Mysore Manjunath elder brother Renowned Mysore Nagaraj make a formidable violin duet .
From Royal Albert Hall to Sydney Opera house , from Common thread music festival in Oregon & Maribor - cultural capital of Europe to Santa-Fe festival in New Mexico , from World Music Festival in Chicago to Esplanade Theatre in Singapore , From Milano Musica in Italy to Tansen Samaroh in Gwalior - Dr.Mysore Manjunath has enthralled audiences all over the world .
 The Los Angeles Times warmly noted that Dr. Mysore Manjunath has crossed over so many boundaries , that Dr. Mysore Manjunath style is purely personal .
 No surprise that Dr. Mysore Manjunath style of violin Playing set a new trend in the art of violin playing .
Mysore Manjunath was awarded a PhD in music by the University of Mysore .
 Dr. Mysore Manjunath was awarded First Rank with 4 Gold medals in Dr. Mysore Manjunath Master of Music , .
 Dr. Mysore Manjunath is on the faculty at the University of Mysore guiding scholars and students for PhD program at the department of music .
Dr. Manjunath has collaborated with many reputed musicians including Mark OConnor , Jai Uttal , Mark Wood , Joe Cravin , Fabrizio Cassol , Ned Mcgowan , Fred Hamilton , Riccardo Nova , Todd Haaby and Priyo .
 Dr. Mysore Manjunath has perfomred with reputed music orchestras including Akamoon , Spenifex & Ictus .

 His Jugalbandhi concerts with Pandit Vishwa Mohan Bhatt , Ronu Majumdar , Tejendra Majumdar , Dr.Balamurali Bidaram Krishnappa & many others have been well-received all over the world .
 Dr. Manjunath has been a star performer representing Indian Music in innumerable international events including International Violin Conference held in San Diego & World Music Festival in Chicago .
 Dr. Mysore Manjunath received many laurels and accolades since Dr. Mysore Manjunath childhood .
 Dr. Mysore Manjunath is one of the youngest recipients of the Rajyotsava Award by the Government of Karnataka .
 Dr. Mysore Manjunath has been honored with innumerable awards including the Excellence award from American Institute of World culture , Honors from the American Arts council , Best Violinist awards from The Music Academy , Best violinist award from The prestigious Indian fine arts society , Aryabhata Award , Meritorious Award from University of Oklahoma - USA , Samskruthi Sinchana Award , Y.T.Tatachari National Award , Sangeeth Samrat , Sangeeth Rathna , Sangitha Vidwanmani , Gana varidhi , Tantri Vadya Shiromani - Asthana Vidwan from Sri Kanchi Kamakoti Peetham , Chowdiah National Award by Academy of Music , Rotary Excellence Award & etc. .
 Dr. Mysore Manjunath has performed all over the world at innumerable important concert stages , including .
 Dr. Mysore Manjunath has conducted workshops and presented papers and demonstrations at many reputed universities including the University of Delaware , Wesleyan University , University of Iowa , Utrecht University in the Netherlands , University of Chicago , University of Iowa , University of North Texas , University of Osaka in Japan , MIT , Texas A&M ; Wesleyan University , University of Iowa , Griffith University - Australia , and the University of North Carolina
Ranjani is a Carnatic raga , which is also sometimes written as Ranjini .
This raga is a janya of the 59th Melakarta raga Dharmavati .
It is an asymmetric pentatonic scale , which is pleasing and has been more popular in last 50 years .
It figures in ragamalikas , slokams , vrittams and light popular songs , as it is a pleasing scale .
This ragam is an asymmetric scale and is classified as an audava-audava ragam .
The notes in this scale are chathushruthi rishabham , sadharana gandharam , prati madhyamam , chathusruthi dhaivatam in arohana and additional kakli nishadham in avarohanam , in place of sadharna rishabham .
From Dharmavati scale , the panchamam is removed in this scale and the rest are used in asymmetrical manner which gives the pleasing aspect to this ragam .
S R2 G2 S , S N3 .
D2 .
 S - is a catch phrase that is unique to ragam Ranjani
The chitravina , which was bestowed upon it by Sakha Rama Rao from Thanjavur , who was responsible for bringing it back to the concert scene .
 Today it is played mainly in South India , though South India origins can be traced back to Bharatas Natya Shastra , where South India is mentioned as a seven string fretless instrument .
 South India has undergone numerous developments and is today among the more prominent solo instruments in Carnatic music .
 South India is also often seen in collaborative world music concerts and north-south Indian jugalbandis .
 The fretless nature of the instrument makes The fretless nature of the instrument the closest instrument to vocal standards .
There are six main strings used for melody that pass over the top of the instrument , three drone strings , and about twelve sympathetic strings running parallel and below the main strings .
The approach to tuning is in some ways similar to the sitar , in others similar to the Saraswati veena , but in many ways is unique .
 The approach to tuning is played with a slide like a Hawaiian steel guitar and the north Indian vichitra veena .
The first two fingers on the right hand are usually used with plectra to pluck the metal melody strings while a cylindrical block made out of hardwood , buffalo horn , glass , steel , or teflon held by the left hand is used to slide along the strings to vary the pitch .
Sakha Rama Rao used to refer to the slide as gotu and hence the name , gotu vadyam .
The chitravina was popularised in South India by Sakharam Rao of Tiruvidaimarudur .
It was later taken up and further popularised by Gotuvadyam Narayan Iyengar , who was a palace musician of the old state of Mysore .
 Gotuvadyam Narayan Iyengar grandson Chitravina N. Ravikiran plays the instrument and is the inventor of a variant , the navachitravina .
Other exponents of the instrument include Budaloor Krishnamurthy Shastri , A Narayana Iyer , Mannargudi Savithri Ammal , Allam Koteeshwara Rao , M V Varahaswami , Allam Durgaprasad and Chitravina Ganesh .
Seetha Doraiswamy , known more as a jal tarang artiste , plays both the Chitraveena and the Balakokila , a smaller version of the Chitraveena
M. Narmadha is an Indian violinist in the Carnatic and Hindustani traditions .
Narmadha is the daughter of violinist M. S. Gopalakrishnan .
She trained with her grandfather , Parur A. Sundaram Iyer , and later , her father .
She achieved a doctoral degree from Delhi University as a U. G. C. fellow under sitar-player Prof. Debu Chowdhari and musicologist Dr. K. G. Ginde .
Her doctoral thesis compares North and South Indian music styles .
Born into a family of Renowned , accomplished and popular musicians , Dr M Narmadha is the third genre of Parur-MSG tradition with formal training from her grandfather Shri Parur A Sundaram Iyer from the age of four , father Padmashri Awardee M.S. Gopalakrishnan and mother Smt .
 Meenakshi Goplakrishnan with the rare privilege of learning both Karnatak and Hindustani systems simultaneously from Karnatak father in violin and from Karnatak mother in vocal and has since proved Karnatak mettle in both styles .
 A career gold medalist , top grade artiste of All IndiaRadio , Dr M Narmadha won her Doctorate from Delhi University as a Senior U.G.C fellow for her unique thesis on Comparative study of Raagas of IndianMusic later published as a book titled .
 ` IndianMusic and name Sancara in Raagas ' under the guidance of Sitar maestro .
 Narmadha duets in concerts with IndianMusic father and accompanies leading Carnatic vocalists .
 IndianMusic performs vocal concerts , having been vocally trained by IndianMusic mother and Shri Parur .
T. M. Tyagarajan .
 T. M. Tyagarajan . has toured in the US , UK , Holland , South Africa , Singapore , Malaysia , Spain and Hong Kong .
 T. M. Tyagarajan . was awarded the Best Violinist award by the Music Academy , Madras , eight times consecutively .
 Narmadha the most sought after soloist in Violin in both Karnatak and Hindustani traditions of presentation , having performed more than 6000 concerts is a unique soloist , accompanist and has played violin duets with her father Shri M.S.Gopalakrishnan , She has also presented Jugalbandi concerts in Hindustani and Karnatak styles and has widely performed in India and abroad and also released CDs in both styles of Indian music .
 Endowed with effortless bowing and elegant precision , melodies directly appealing to the heart , treading the path of trend and tradition , completing 45years of service to Indian Music , Narmadha , has charmed audiences all over the world with Endowed with effortless bowing vivacious expressions on Endowed with effortless bowing Violin marked by total involvement , complete commitment and dedication and occupies a very important place in the world of Indian classical music .
 Dr M Narmadha has won several awards for career excellence in performance and Lecture Demonstrations .
 In recognition of Endowed with effortless bowing contribution to Indian Classical Violin Music.She was conferred , Kalaimamani ` by the Govt .
 of Tamil Nadu for excellence in violin , Shanmukhananda Sangeeta Shiromani by the Shanmukhananda Sangeeta Sabha , Mumbai , Yami Award for the Best Accomplished Violinist by Music Today Group , Mumbai and Shantidoot Award , from Mahamountirth Ashram Ujjain , Vadya Bharati from Bharatam , Trissur , Bhavans Award for Excellence in Violin from the Chief Justice of India Mr.Sadasivam , from Bharatiya Vidhya Bhavan .
Narmadha speaks English , Sanskrit and French .
 of Tamil Nadu for excellence in violin articles on music have been published in journals throughout the world .
 of Tamil Nadu for excellence in violin book on Hindustani and Carnatic forms of music , Indian Music and Sancaras in Ragas , is published by Daryagang Publishers , New Delhi .
 of Tamil Nadu for excellence in violin aim is to propagate Parur-MSG style in violin playing .
 of Tamil Nadu for excellence in violin runs a Music trust by name Sancara to propagate the Shri Parur style of music and to teach students of all ages and all classes , of Tamil Nadu for excellence in violin also conducts music functions under name Sancara banner and all of Tamil Nadu for excellence in violin students perform in that function.She teaches violin music , musicology and vocal music through Skype , throughout the world
Srirangam Kannan is an Indian musician and artist , known for playing the morsing .
 Vidwan Srirangam S. Kannan has a degree in mathematics .
Vidwan Srirangam S. Kannan was born on 5 May 1952 in Srirangam to K Sathyamurthy and Kamalam .
 Growing up , Vidwan Srirangam S. Kannan had little experience with carnatic music .
 When Vidwan Srirangam S. Kannan was 19 years old Vidwan Srirangam S. Kannan heard a concert where Sri Pudukkotai S. Mahadevan played the morsing .
 Shortly afterwards , Vidwan Srirangam S. Kannan became Mahadevans disciple .
 Vidwan Srirangam S. Kannan also learned more about laya from Kanadukathan Rajaraman , a kanjeera and mridangam artist and a friend of Sri Pudukkotai S. Mahadevan .
 By age 23 , Srirangam Kannan had started Vidwan Srirangam S. Kannan career as a full-fledged morsing artist .
 After graduating from university with a degree in mathematics , Vidwan Srirangam S. Kannan joined Indian Bank , where Vidwan Srirangam S. Kannan worked for 30 years before retiring in 2000 after having become manager .
 Vidwan Srirangam S. Kannan continues to play in concerts across India .
 Vidwan Srirangam S. Kannan also performs regularly for AIR Chennai .
Srirangam Kannan has been the recipient of many awards and recognitions , listed here .
Listed here are Srirangam Kannans tours and concerts
 Soolamangalam Jayalakshmi and Soolamangalam Rajalakshmi , popularly known as Soolamangalam Sisters are Carnatic music sister-pair vocalists and musicians known for Soolamangalam Sisters devotional songs in Tamil .
They were early singers in the trend of duo singing in Carnatic music , which started in the 1950s , with performers like Radha Jayalakshmi , and later continued by Bombay Sisters , Ranjani-Gayatri and Priya Sisters .
 Born in Soolamangalam near Tanjore - a village with musical heritage , of Karnam Ramaswmai Ayyar & Janaki Ammal , the sisters had Bombay Sisters training in music from K. G. Murthi of Soolamangalam , Pathamadai S.Krishnan , Mayavaram Venugopalayyar .
 The duo-sisters were very popular for The duo-sisters matchless rendition of National and Devotional songs .
 The duo-sisters had a hectic practice for about three decades and were much sought after for providing background music in films .
 The duo-sisters Kanda Shasti Kavasam album is very popular with the Lord Muruga devotees .
 Among the two of them , Soolamangalam Jayalakshmi had rendered only a few songs in films and most of it would be duets with Rajalakshmi .
Whereas Rajalakshmi had more chance as a playback singer in films .
Her voice suits all the categories of youthful , soft mellifluousness , evocative feelings , perfection of pronunciation and the best in devotional songs .
Many of her songs are under K. V. Mahadevan 's music direction all the while .
 Many of her songs also sang under G. Ramanathan , Naushad , Letchumanan Kurunath , K. N. Thandayuthapani Pillai , T. G. Lingappa , Viswanathan Ramamoorthy , S. Rajeswara Rao , H. R. Padmanabha Sasthri , C. N. Pandurangan , G. K. Venkatesh , V. Kumar , T. R. Papa , S. V. Venkatraman , Kunnakkudi Vaidyanathan and S. M. Subbaiah Naidu .
 Many of her songs sang more often in the 1950s while during the 1960s , Many of her songs was only sought in songs that needed more than one female voice .
 Soolamangalam Rajalakshmi assisted S. M. Subbaiah Naidu in Konjum Salangai .
 Both Soolamangalam Jayalakshmi and Soolamangalam Rajalakshmi as music directors by the name Soolamangalam Sisters , composed music for films like Dharisanam , Tiger Thathachari , Appodhe Sonnene Kettiya and K. N. Thandayuthapani Pillai .
They also sang under their own compositions
Rithvik Raja is a Carnatic Musician from India .
 a Carnatic Musician from India has performed in many concerts in India and overseas and has won many awards for a Carnatic Musician from India excellence .
 a Carnatic Musician from India is currently one of the rising stars of Carnatic Music .
 a Carnatic Musician from India believes that Carnatic Music is one of the most important forms of Classical Music in the world and that Carnatic Music awareness should be spread .
 Rithvik Raja was born in Chennai , Tamil Nadu , India .
 a Carnatic Musician from India began learning Carnatic music at the age of 5 .
 a Carnatic Musician from India had a Carnatic Musician from India initial training under Sudha Raja for vocal music .
 Subsequently , after developing a good understanding of the basics and foundation for 6 years , a Carnatic Musician from India was trained by Sulochana Pattabhiraman for 2 years .
 At the age of 13 , a Carnatic Musician from India started learning from T.M. Krishna , who is one of the leading figures in the Carnatic music circuit today .
 Training under T.M. Krishna has given a Carnatic Musician from India a larger perspective of music and a passion to strive harder in innovating and excelling within the boundaries of classicism .
 T.M. Krishna schooling in Vidya Mandir Senior Secondary School , Mylapore , Chennai , which is a premier body of education in South India influenced T.M. Krishna perceptions and outlook towards life .
 T.M. Krishna went on to receive T.M. Krishna B.A. degree in Economics from Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda College , Madras .
 T.M. Krishna also completed a one year Multimedia course from Image Infotainment , Alwarpet .
 T.M. Krishna is currently studying for a degree in Sound Engineering at SAE Institute of Technology .
 a Carnatic Musician from India has been giving public performances and concerts since a very young age .
 Today , a Carnatic Musician from India has performed in all the leading institutions in places such as Chennai as well as Mumbai , Calcutta , Bangalore , Delhi and other places in India .
 a Carnatic Musician from India has also toured Malaysia , Singapore , Sri Lanka .
 Apart from performances , a Carnatic Musician from India currently heads as the President of an organisation called Youth Association for Classical Music that deals with spreading the awareness of Classical Music among the youth .
 a Carnatic Musician from India is known for a Carnatic Musician from India solid voice with perfect pitch , mastery over laya and adherence to classicism
Anai Ayya brothers were two brothers , who lived in the 19th century Tamil Nadu , and were composers of Carnatic music .
Anai Iyer and Annavaiyyar composed both in Telugu and Tamil and used the mudra Umadasa .
 The Anai Anai Ayya brothers were close contemporaries of the great composer Tyagaraja and were related to Maha Vaidyanatha Iyer .
 The Anai Ayya brothers lived in Vaiyacheri and Tiruvaiyaru in the Thanjavur district .
 The Anai Ayya brothers were patronised by the king Serfoji II of Thanjavur .
 Together The Anai Ayya brothers wrote at least 26 Tamil and 12 Telugu compositions that are currently available .
 The Anai Ayya brothers compositions had the theme of devotion sprinkled with philosophy .
 The Anai Ayya brothers songs were in praise of Siva and Siva consort .
 Some of The Anai Ayya brothers popular compositions are Ambanannu , Paruvam parkka and Saranu saranu , Mahima teliya tara ma .
 One of the last contributions that T. Viswanathan and T. Sankaran made to Carnatic music was to edit the compositions of the Anai Anai Ayya brothers
Aishwarya Vidhya Raghunath is a Carnatic music vocalist .
 Aishwarya Vidhya Raghunath is among the foremost and popular young performing classical musicians in India .
 Hailing from a family of music connoisseurs , Aishwarya , today was initiated into the world of music at theage of three .
Aishwaryas first full fledged concert was at the age of thirteen .
 Since then , she has travelled widely in India and abroad and enthralled her listeners .
 Aishwarya , today , today , has the honour of being the disciple of musical stalwarts - Sangita Kalaacharya Smt Seethalakshmi Venkatesan , Padma Bhushan Sri P. S. Narayanaswamy and Sangeetha Kalasagaram Smt Vegavahini Vijayaraghavan , thus being an upholder of the Semmangudi bhani and the Veena Dhanammal bhani .
 Aishwarya , today chaste music is known for Aishwarya chaste music purity , clarity and Aishwarya chaste music high classical appeal .
 Aishwarya , today resonant and mellifluous voice has always captivated the audience .
 Aishwarya , today concerts are marked by an aesthetic grace and focussed approach .
 Aishwarya , today is an A graded artiste of All India Radio and Doordarshan .
 Aishwarya , today went on to receive Aishwarya , today B.E. degree in Biotechnology from P.E.S. Institute of Technology , Bangalore
Abhogi is a raga in Carnatic music and has been adapted to Hindustani music .
 Abhogi is a pentatonic scale , an audava or owdava raga .
It is a derived scale , as it does not have all the seven swaras .
 Abhogi has been borrowed from Carnatic music into Hindustani music and is also quite popular in the latter .
 Abhogi is a symmetric pentatonic scale that does not contain panchamam and nishadam .
 It is called an audava-audava raga , in Carnatic classification , as Carnatic has 5 notes in both ascending and descending scales .
Its structure is as follows : .
The notes used are shadjam , chathusruti rishabham , sadharana gandharam , shuddha madhyamam and chathusruthi dhaivatham .
 Abhogi is considered a janya raga of Kharaharapriya , the 22nd Melakarta raga , though Abhogi can be derived from Gourimanohari too , by dropping both panchamam and nishadam .
 Abhogi is a scale that is used for compositions in a medium to fast tempo .
This scale has been used by many composers and there are lots of compositions in classical music .
 Abhogi has been used to score film music too .
 Here are some popular compositions in Abhogi .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this raga .
 Abhogi notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields another pentatonic ragam Valaji .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 For more details and illustration of this concept refer Graha bhedam on Abhogi .
 P.Moutal understands raag Kalavati as transposition of Abhogi .
There are also some Tamil movie songs based on the raga of abhogi .
Songs in abhogi raga gives extreme pleasure to ears .
 Two Tamil songs are cited below for the reference .
GMDS SDRSDMD _ D_SRGRS D_RSDM GMMDDSDRSD_M GMD_MGGRR _ GRSd Rd_S .
 Pa , which gives a different flavour and Ni are omitted .
Also Re is often omitted in ascent .
Flat Ga is often approached from Ma in ascent and has a slight oscillation to show the typical Kanada .
 In descent often the typical the typical Kanada phrase gMRS is used .
Related ragas : Bageshree .
 However , Bageshree also includes flat Ni and a limited use of Pa , which gives a different flavour , which gives a different flavour .
Bor , Joep .
Rao , Suvarnalata ; der Meer , Wim van ; Harvey , Jane The Raga Guide : A Survey of 74 Hindustani Ragas .
Zenith Media , London : 1999
The term ugabhoga refers to a type of vocal piece in Carnatic music , in which the artist elaborates the treatment of raga characteristics through freestyle verses with or without tala .
 The ugabhoga is an item of kriti that Sri Purandara Daasa introduced in the 15th century when Sri Purandara Daasa laid out the format for Carnatic music .
In compositions with Ugabhoga , a combination of couplets to suit the mood of the main composition is rendered at the beginning .
 Possibly Ugabhoga had influence from free style singing without rhythm that existed in all South Indian languages .
Typical examples are Kavya Vaachana .
of Tamil language .
 However , Sri Purandara Daasa innovatively formated Ugabhoga so that Ugabhoga became an integral part of todays classical Carnatic music .
Later ugabhoga led to freestyle rendering of raga without lyrics known as allapane .
Ugabhogas are common in popular concerts attended both by connoisseurs and non - connoisseurs of music .
Most ugabhogas were written and composed by Purandara Daasa and Kanaka Dasa in the Kannada language during the 15th century .
 In the 19th century , similar concepts were also introduced in the Tamil language by Sri Papanasam Sivan .
-LSB- http://www.sawf.org/newedit/edit10292001/musicarts1.asp .
 Ugabhogas are attractive for those who may not understand the nuances of raga as Most ugabhogas pay attention to meaningful lyrics .
The lyrics of ugaabogas are typically either devotional or philosophical in nature .
They are rendered sometimes with rhythm similar to alap with tala in Hindustani music .
 In the modern era , its popularity was revived in Carnatic music concerts by prominent performers such as M. L. Vasanthakumari of Tamil Nadu .
 Current artists such as Sudha Ragunathan , Vidhyabhusana and M. S.Sheela are continuing this important tradition of Carnatic music .
Recently 4 volumes containing about 80 Ughabhogas are presented by S.K Sharma with rendering by Vidyabhushana
Ramapriya is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 It is the 52nd melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta scale system of Carnatic music .
 It is called Ramamanohari in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
It is the 4th ragam in the 9th chakra Brahma .
The mnemonic name is Brahma-Bhu .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ra gu mi pa dhi ni .
 The mnemonic phrase structure is as follows : .
As it is a melakarta ragam , by definition it is a sampoorna ragam .
It is the prati madhyamam equivalent of Chakravakam , which is the 16th melakarta scale .
Ramapriya has a few minor janya ragams associated with it .
See List of janya ragams for full list of ragams associated with Ramapriya scale .
 Here are some compositions sung in concerts , set to Ramapriya .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Ramapriyas notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields no other melakarta ragam , as such a step taken on any of the 6 swarams comes up with scales that do not conform to the melakarta rules .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam
Rupavati is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Rupavati is the 12th melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Rupavati is one of the few ragams given the same name by the Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
 Rupavati is the 6th ragam in the 2nd chakra Netra .
The mnemonic name is Netra-Sha .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ra gi ma pa dhu nu .
Its structure is as follows : .
The notes used in this scale are shuddha rishabham , sadharana gandharam , shuddha madhyamam , shatsruthi dhaivatham and kakali nishadham .
 As Rupavati is a melakarta ragam , by definition Rupavati is a sampurna ragam .
 Rupavati is the shuddha madhyamam equivalent of Divyamani , which is the 48th melakarta scale .
 Rupavati is also the original name given to the 12th Melakarta in the list compiled by Venkatamakhin .
The notes used in the scale are the same , but the scales are svarantara-shadava raga .
 Rupavati has a few minor janya ragams associated with Rupavati .
See List of janya ragams for full list of ragams associated with Rupavati scale .
 Here are a few common compositions sung in concerts , set to Rupavati .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Rupavatis notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , does not yield any melakarta ragam .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam
Shadvidamargini is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 46th melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is called Stavarajam in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 4th ragam in the 8th chakra Vasu .
 The mnemonic name is the 8th chakra Vasu .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ra gi mi pa dhi ni .
 The mnemonic phrase structure is as follows : .
The swaras shuddha rishabham , sadharana gandharam , prati madhyamam , chathusruthi dhaivatham and kaisiki nishadham are used in this scale .
 As Carnatic is a melakarta ragam , by definition Carnatic is a sampoorna ragam .
 Carnatic is the prati madhyamam equivalent of Natakapriya , which is the 10th melakarta scale .
 Shadvidamargini has a few minor janya ragams associated with Carnatic .
 See List of janya ragams for full list of ragams associated with Shadvidamargini .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Shadvidamarginis notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields Nasikabhooshani , a minor melakarta ragam .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam
Vanaspati is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Vanaspati is the 4th melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragams of Carnatic music , following the Katapayadi sankhya system .
In the Muthuswami Dikshitar school of music , this raga is called Bhanumati .
 Vanaspati is the 4th ragam in the 1st chakra Indu of the melakarta system .
 Vanaspati mnemonic name is Indu-Bhu .
 Its mnemonic name mnemonic phrase is sa ra ga ma pa dhi ni .
 Its mnemonic phrase structure is as follows : .
Shuddha rishabham , shuddha gandharam , shuddha madhyamam , chathusruthi dhaivatham and kaisiki nishadham are the swaras used in this scale .
 As Vanaspati is a melakarta ragam , by definition Vanaspati is a sampoorna ragam .
 Vanaspati is the shuddha madhyamam equivalent of Navaneetam , which is the 40th melakarta ragam .
 Bhanumati is the 4th Melakarta in the original list compiled by Venkatamakhin .
The notes used in the scale are the same , but the ascending scale is different .
It is an shadava-sampurna raga .
 Rasali is one of the better known of few janya ragams associated with Vanaspati .
 See List of janya ragams for full list of ragams associated with Vanaspati .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Vanaspatis notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields a minor melakarta ragam Mararanjani .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Vanaspati
Suvarnangi is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 47th melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is called Souveeram or Sauviram in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 5th ragam in the 8th chakra Vasu .
The mnemonic name is Vasu-Ma .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ra gi mi pa dhi nu .
 The mnemonic phrase structure is as follows : .
 Its structure swaras are shuddha rishabham , sadharana gandharam , prati madhyamam , chathusruthi dhaivatham and kakali nishadham .
 As Carnatic is a melakarta ragam , by definition Carnatic is a sampoorna ragam .
 Carnatic is the prati madhyamam equivalent of Kokilapriya , which is the 11th melakarta .
 Suvarnangi has a few minor janya ragams associated with Carnatic .
See List of janya ragams for full list of ragams associated with Suvarnangi .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Suvarnangis notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields no other melakarta ragam .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam
Avasarala Kanyakumari is a renowned female Carnatic music violinist from South India .
 the goddess Kanyakumari is a native of Vijayanagaram , Andhra Pradesh and has been living in Chennai for more than 4 decades.She belongs to a family of musicians.Her parents Sri Avasarala Ramarathnam and Smt.Jayalakshmi encouraged Smt.Jayalakshmi immensely to pursue music .
 more than 4 decades.She was fortunate to be a sishya of 3 great legendary gurus , Ivaturi Vijeswara Rao , M. Chandrasekaran and M. L. Vasanthakumari .
 Listening to more than 4 decades.She sparkling brighas and intricate sangatis while more than 4 decades.She had just started to tread more than 4 decades.She musical journey , the respected music critic Subbudu compared more than 4 decades.She music to the ever glittering diamond stud in the nose ring of the goddess Kanyakumari .
 Ever since more than 4 decades.She has received innumerable accolades and praise from audiences worldwide and discerning critics for more than 4 decades.She innovation , accompaniment and solo performances while at the same time strictly adhering to the Carnatic music tradition .
 Needless to say it is more than 4 decades.She dedication and sincere hardwork along with the able guidance of more than 4 decades.She gurus Ivaturi Vijeshwara Rao , M. Chandrasekharan and M. L. Vasanthakumari which have groomed more than 4 decades.She into a front ranking violinist .
 more than 4 decades.She extensive experience spanning more than 4 decades combined with a sharp acumen and fine sense of creativity has earned more than 4 decades.She a distinct place.She has evolved more than 4 decades.She own style of melodious playing and silken bowing which closely resembles vocal music rhapsodising audiences all over .
 more than 4 decades.She has many successful creative innovations to more than 4 decades.She credit .
 Vadya Lahari more than 4 decades.She brain child is a new combo of the violin , veena and Nadaswaram .
Tristhayi sangamam Confluence of 3 violins playing in different octaves portraying a special dimension .
Carnatic Music Ensembles of 25 , 50 , 75 and 100 violins as well as 100 instrument ensemble commemorating the millennium .
 A music piece 100 ragamalika swarams which exposes Vadya Lahari her brain child dexterity in bringing out the raga swaroopam in just one avarthana each .
She has dedicated her life to music and is grateful to the Almighty , gurus , parents , students , sabhas , critics and rasikas for their continued support .
Recently she has composed 7 ragas bearing the names of the 7 hills of Thirumala .
Many prestigious awards and titles have been bestowed uon her.Some of them include .
She was selected for Limca Book of Records 2004 for her various achievements in music as a versatile woman violinist .
 She is a dedicated teacher and has taught numerous students in South India and abroad , many of whom are very popular artists .
She teaches without a price tag and generously encourages students to participate in full measure .
She has also released Violin Lessons Tutorial VCDs for students who do not have access to learn directly from a guru
Vani Sateesh was born in Bangalore , Karnataka .
She hails from a family of Carnatic musicians going back many generations .
 She Great Grandfather Mundarigi Narasimhachar 1855-1940 was a musician well versed in many disciplines of music and was a professor of music at Queen Mary college in Chennai .
 She father , Sangeetha Kala Ratna Bellary .
M. Venkateshachar is a carnatic classical vocalist and her uncle Bellary M Sheshagiri Achar was a Vaggeyakara .
Her uncle and father were known as Bellary Brothers and performed in most parts in India during 1950s and 1960s .
The recent lineage of five generations popularly known as Vishesha Parampara spans over 130 years .
 Every generation has been actively involved in teaching , performing , composing and spreading fine arts knowledge in many remote parts of Bangalore , Karnataka .
 Thousands of students have come in contact with this family and many of Thousands of students have put themselves into fine arts service in their own way .
It is impossible to fathom and estimate the impact created by this family over the last century in promoting carnatic music .
Vani Sateesh initial training was under the tutelage of her uncle Bellary M. Sheshagiri Achar .
 her uncle Bellary M. Sheshagiri Achar later learnt from her uncle Bellary M. Sheshagiri Achar father Sangeetha Ratna Bellary M. Venkateshachar and then from her uncle Bellary M. Sheshagiri Achar brother Bellary M Raghavendra .
 her uncle Bellary M. Sheshagiri Achar is currently under the tutelage of Padmabhushana Sri P.S.Narayanaswamy , direct disciple of Sangeetha Kalanidhi Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer .
Vani started performing at a young age .
 Vani first concert was at the age of 10 ; since then she has gone on to give numerous concerts in reputed Sabhas both in India and abroad .
 As a performer , Vani concentrates on all aspects of Her performances including intonations , stage presence , building rapport with accompanying artists , connecting with audiences etc. .
 In Vani earlier days , Vani gave numerous tala vadya concerts .
 Vani has also performed many jugalbandi with known Hindustani Classical musicians .
Vani Sateesh is an A grade artist of All India Radio and a B High Graded Composer of All India Radio .
 Vani has completed Vani Master in Music from University of Mysore and also has received Indian Government Scholarship for Young Artists .
 Vani Sateesh 's style of singing is rich with traditional Carnatic music with emphasis on bhakti rasa .
 Carnatic performances have been reviewed by critics as ` Lively and Inspiring ' ; ` Filled with Bhava and Gambirya ' ; ` Ability to instantaneously transition from a Ghana raga to lighter rendition ' ; ` Music delivered effortlessly and flawlessly ' ; ` Sruti Shudha ' etc
Dakshinamurthy Pillai lived during 1875 to 1937 .
 Apart from Khanjira Dakshinamurthy Pillai was also a renowned mrudhanga vidhwan .
 Dakshinamurthy Pillai learnt Dakshinamurthy Pillai lessons from Pudukottai Manpundia Pillai .
 Dakshinamurthy Pillai was influenced by the concerts of Thanjavur Pakkari Krishna Bhagavathar , Thanjavur Pakkari and Narayana Pai .
 Dakshinamurthy Pillai was ardent devotee of Lord Murugan and went on to become famous as Chinmayananda Guru .
 Dakshinamurthy Pillai pupils include Palani Subramania Pillai , Thanjavur Pakkari Ramadas , Palghat Mani Iyer Devakottai Sunder Raj and Thangavellu Pillai of Malaysia .
Mrudhanga vidhwan Thangavellu Pillai hailed from Trichy , India and migrated to Malaya in 1927 .
Dakshinamurthy Pillai was a leading ganjira artist who accompanied musicians in Carnatic music concerts during the period between 1875CE-1925CE .
 Dakshinamurthy Pillai attained Sajeeva Samadhi and was revered as a Mahan according to Madras A. Kannan , a Mrudhangam vidhwan .
 This was personally narrated by Dakshinamurthy Pillai according to this URL : http://vinjamurivaradarajaiyengar.com/Madras_Kannan.htm
MSN Murthy is an eminent Carnatic Music violinist .
 an eminent Carnatic Music violinist has been winning high degree of critical acclaim for an eminent Carnatic Music violinist purity of style , fine aesthetic sense , powerful sound , flawless execution and complete command over the instrument .
Born into a music family with musical roots extending back to several generations , with parents Mutnuri V. Subbarayudu and M. Jalajakshi , MSN Murthy had a good exposure to music from an early age .
The family is known to have patronized and hosted most veteran Carnatic musicians - both well known and not so well known .
Sangeetha Sahitya Kalanidhi Sriman Nallan Chakravarthula Krishnamacharyulu .
M. S. N. Murthy has been known to be a child prodigy and started performing at an early age of 10 .
 M. S. N. Murthy was exempted from age criteria and selected as a casual artiste by All India Radio when M. S. N. Murthy was 14 .
MSN Murthy , holds the Top Grade from All India Radio and is a humble and multitalented personality and is a virtuoso with the Violin , Viola and a Vocalist of repute .
He is an Empanelled Artiste of Indian Council for Cultural Relations .
Mutnuri Srinivasa Narasimha Murthy an Engineer with a degree in Electronics & Communications and a Diploma in Music is a musician by choice .
 Served All India Radio as Staff artist for 20 years and opted for voluntary retirementHe is graded Top Grade for the Violin , and A grade in Viola and Vocal - is married to Dr. Pantula Rama an eminent Carnatic Musician .
Solo performances at various places .
Accompanied many a veteran vidwan like Smt .
M.S.Subbulakshmi , Dr. M.Balamuralikrishna , Sri Nedunuri Krishna Murthy , Dr.S.Ramanathan , Sri Maharajapuram Santanam , Sri M.S.Bala Subrahmanya Sarma , Sri Nookala China Satyanarayana , Sri T.R.Subramanyam , Sri B.V.Raman & Sri Laxman , Madurai Sri T.N.Seshagopalan , Sri T.V.Sankaranarayanan , Trichur Sri V.Ramachandran , Dr.M.L.Vasantha Kumari , Smt Mani Krishna Swamy , Kum Srirangam Gopala Ratnam , Smt R.Vedavalli , Bombay Sisters , Smt Arundhati Sarcar , Dr.N.Ramani , Sikkil sisters , Dr.Prapancham Seetaram , Sri N.Ravikiran , Sri U.Srinivas , Dr. Pantula Rama etc
Robert Edward Bob Brown was an ethnomusicologist who is credited with coining the term world music .
 Robert Edward Bob Brown was also well known for Robert Edward Bob Brown recordings of music from Indonesia .
Many of these recordings , among the first widely distributed and commercially available in the United States , inspired a generation of musicians to study and perform Indonesian gamelan music .
 Robert Edward Bob Brown grew up in Clinton , New York .
 Robert Edward Bob Brown had a very extensive background in music while still young .
 Robert Edward Bob Brown played timpani and bass drum in a band , double bass and cello in the school orchestra and accompanied the school chorus on piano .
 A sponsor enabled A sponsor to study music theory at the Utica Conservatory with Johannes Magendanz and study piano with Clara Magendanz .
 A sponsor performed the first movement of the Schumann piano concerto with the high school orchestra during A sponsor sophomore year .
 The same year , A sponsor held the job of organist at Hamilton College .
 A sponsor also performed popular music with A sponsor own band , Bobby Brown and A sponsor Swingsters .
 During A sponsor undergraduate years at Ithaca College and A sponsor graduate studies at Cornell University A sponsor continued to work as an organist .
 Bob Brown started Robert Edward Bob Brown doctoral studies at UCLA as a piano major in 1953 .
 After Mantle Hood began teaching at UCLA the following year , Robert Edward Bob Brown switched to ethnomusicology and became Hoods first teaching assistant .
 Robert Edward Bob Brown received Robert Edward Bob Brown doctorate in ethnomusicology from UCLA .
 Robert Edward Bob Brown dissertation was titled The Mrdanga : A Study of Drumming in South India .
 Robert Edward Bob Brown studied and played the mridangam .
 Robert Edward Bob Brown began teaching at Wesleyan University in 1961 .
 Robert Edward Bob Brown founded the world music / ethnomusicology program at Wesleyan .
 It was here that Robert Edward Bob Brown first used the term world music to describe the ethnomusicology program .
Bob Brown followed the philosophy advocated by Mantle Hood , who could be considered the father of gamelan music education in the USA : that students become bi-musical .
Bob Browns own World Music programs from the 1960s onwards were built on the ideal of bi-musicality , which was an innovative approach to music education at the time .
 the Music in the Schools program proposed that students , after acquiring competence in the music of their native culture , study with master musicians from another culture , and thereby acquire competence in the musical performance and theory of that culture too .
The result would be a person with musical competence in two cultures : bi-musicality .
 Robert Edward Bob Brown was one of the organizers of the American Society for Eastern Arts .
 In 1973 , Robert Edward Bob Brown founded the Center for World Music .
 Robert Edward Bob Brown remained president of the organization until Robert Edward Bob Brown death .
 Thinking about how much musical experience was available to Robert Edward Bob Brown in high school motivated Robert Edward Bob Brown to start the Music in the Schools program for the Center for World Music .
 Robert Edward Bob Brown began teaching at San Diego State University in 1979 .
 Robert Edward Bob Brown served as the Chair of the School of the Music in the Schools program for three years from 1979 to 1982 .
 Robert Edward Bob Brown retired in 1992 .
 Robert Edward Bob Brown also was the owner of Girikusuma or Flower Mountain , a center for traditional Balinese performing arts located in Bali .
 In 2006 , The University of Illinois at Champaign-Urbana announced that Robert Edward Bob Brown had bequeathed Robert Edward Bob Brown extensive collection of instruments , recordings , books , paintings and artifacts and to the schools world music center .
 The Robert E. Brown Center for World Music , which opened in April 2008 , was named in Robert Edward Bob Brown honor .
 Robert Edward Bob Brown produced five of the early recordings from Indonesia in the Explorer Series released on Nonesuch Records .
 Two of the recordings were from Bali , and three were from Java : .
 Also , Robert Edward Bob Brown recommended the recording Jaat Kahan Ho in Raga Bhairavi by Surashri Kesarbai Kerkar for inclusion on the Voyager disc , since Robert Edward Bob Brown believed Raga Bhairavi to be the finest recorded example of Indian classical music
Tirupanithurai Viswanatha Gopalakrishnan is a Carnatic and Hindustani musician from Chennai .
 Tirupanithurai Viswanatha Gopalakrishnan hails from a family of musicians spanning over two centuries .
 Tirupanithurai Viswanatha Gopalakrishnan father , T.G.Viswanatha Bhagavathar , was a court musician for the Cochin Royal Family and a professor of music at the S.K.V. College in Thrissur .
 T.G.Viswanatha Bhagavathar is a vocalist , plays the violin and is also an exponent of the mridangam .
 Tirupanithurai Viswanatha Gopalakrishnan started playing the mridangam at the age of four and had Tirupanithurai Viswanatha Gopalakrishnan arangetram at the Cochin palace at the age of six .
 Tirupanithurai Viswanatha Gopalakrishnan is a disciple of Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavathar .
 Tirupanithurai Viswanatha Gopalakrishnan students include Ilayaraja , A.R.Rahman , Sivamani , Kadri Gopalnath , Vidyabhushana .
 Tirupanithurai Viswanatha Gopalakrishnan has also collaborated with drummer/composer Franklin Kiermyer on live performances .
 Tirupanithurai Viswanatha Gopalakrishnan was given the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 1990 .
 Tirupanithurai Viswanatha Gopalakrishnan has been awarded the Padma Bhushan by the Government of India in the year 2012 .
 Ghatam Maestro Late T V Vasan is Tirupanithurai Viswanatha Gopalakrishnan younger brother .
In his career spanning over five decades , many honours and awards that have been bestowed on Dr.TVG .
A few outstanding awards have been : .
This is an incomplete list of releases .
The release dates are also not always indicative of the original release date of the associated record
Govinda Marar was born in 1798 in Ramamangalam in Kerala .
 Govinda Marar parents belonged to community of Marars who performed the traditional singing in the temples of Kerala .
 Govinda Marar took to singing from a very early age .
 Govinda Marar received Govinda Marar musical lessons from Haripad Ramaswamy Bhagavathar .
 Govinda Marar is said to have used a Tamburu having seven strings .
 At the age of 21 , Govinda Marar left Govinda Marar home to begin a life of wandering .
 Govinda Marar is believed to have sung in many important temples all over Kerala .
 After leading a wandering life for a long time , Govinda Marar reached the temple of Panduranga in Pandharpur , Maharashtra .
 Govinda Marar was revered as Paramahamsa Govinda Das .
 The temple records note that Govinda Marar attained Samadhi in 1843 .
Prof. M. P. Manmadhan - the eminent sarvodaya leader and social worker came to know about Sri .
Govinda Marar from a speech delivered by the great Malayalam poet Ulloor S. Parameswara Iyer .
 Govinda Marar from a speech decided to set up a suitable memorial to the saint musician at his birthplace at Ramamangalam in Kerala .
The Shatkala Govinda Marar Smaraka Kala Samithy took birth under the chairmanship of Prof. M. P. Manmadhan in 1980 .
The Samithy engages in the establishment of several institutes to promote the study of traditional music and temple arts of South India with facilities for advanced research in all branches of arts and music .
 After the death of Prof. M. P. Manmadhan , Sri .
 C. Radhakrishnan , Sri .
M. P. Gopalakrishnan and Prof. Mavelikkara Prabhakara Varma lead the Samithy .
Prof. George S. Paul is presently leading the Samithy .
A memorial building consisting of class rooms and auditorium was set up with the help of Central/State Governments , Local Self Government Institutions and well-wishers in the vicinity of the Narasimhamoorthy Perumthrikkovil .
Classes have been arranged to impart training in classical music , classical dance and temple arts .
website : http://www.shatkalasamithy.org .
A musical festival dedicated to the memory of the musical prodigy is being conducted under the auspicious of Kerala Sangeetha Nataka Academy from 1992 .
 Several famous artists from South India came to Ramamangalam in Kerala to pay Several famous artists from South India homage before the saint musician during the last two and a half decades .
 Padmasree Dr. K. J. Yesudas , Kunnakkudi Vaidyanathan , T. N. Krishnan , Neyyattinkara Vasudevan , K. S. Gopalakrishnan , M. G. Radhakrishnan , Neyyattinkara Mohanachandran , Dr. K. Omanakutty , Kudamaloor Janardhanan , Thiruvizha R. Jayasankar , Valayappetty Subramaniam , Njaralath Rama Poduval , Janardhanan Nedungadi , Mattannoor Sankarankutty , Prof. S. Gupthan Nair , M. T. Vasudevan Nair , Kavalam Sreekumar narayana Panicker , Kavalam Sreekumar , Prof. Vishnu Narayanan Namboothiri , Kamala Das , Ambalapuzha Rama Varma etc. were some dignitaries among them
Maha Vaidyanatha Sivan was a composer of Carnatic music .
 Maha Vaidyanatha Sivan was a great exponent of extemporaneous singing .
 Maha Vaidyanatha Sivan also composed a ragamalika with all the 72 melakartha ragas .
Vaidyanatha Iyer was born in the village of Viyacheri in the Thanjavur districts of Tamil Nadu .
 Vaidyanatha Iyer father Duraisami Iyer was also a musician and His father Duraisami Iyer trained Vaidyanatha Iyer as well as His father Duraisami Iyer other sons in Carnatic music .
 Vaidyanatha Iyer continued Vaidyanatha Iyer training with some of the well known musicians of Vaidyanatha Iyer time including Anai Ayya brothers .
 Later Vaidyanatha Iyer continued Vaidyanatha Iyer training under Manambuchavadi Venkatasubbayyar , one of Tyagaraja 's disciples .
 Vaidyanatha Iyer was famous for Vaidyanatha Iyer elaboration of ragas .
 Maha Vaidyanatha Sivan and Maha Vaidyanatha Sivan elder brother , Ramaswami Sivan , were the earliest performing duo in the history of Carnatic music as known in the last two centuries .
 Maha Vaidyanatha Sivan composed mainly in Telugu and Tamil and used the mudra Guhadasa .
 Some of Some famous compositions are Pahimam Srirajarajeswari and Neekela dayaradu
 Veekku Chenda or Acchan Chenda is a type of the Uruttu Chenda or drum used to keep the thalam or the basic rhythm while playing the Chenda .
The Chenda Vattam of the Uruttu Chenda is always the Valam Thala or the Right Head which is made of multiple layer of skin to produce a bass sound .
The meaning of Veekku in Malayalam language is beating hard .
 The artist produce sound on Veekku Chenda by hitting the drum using a stick without twisting or rolling The artist wrist .
The Chenda is a cylindrical percussion instrument used widely in the state of Kerala , and Tulu Nadu of Karnataka State in India .
 In Tulu Nadu Tulu Nadu of Karnataka State in India is known as chande .
 Tulu Nadu of Karnataka State in India has a length of two feet and a diameter of one foot .
Both ends are covered with the Chenda Vattam .
The animal skin is usually of a cow , in a traditional Chenda other skins are not used , to have a quality sound the skin from the abdominal part of the cow is taken .
 The Chenda is suspended from the drummers neck so that the Uruttu Chenda hangs vertically .
Though both sides can be used for playing , only one is actually beaten .
Using two sticks , the drummer strikes the upper parchment .
 Depending upon the size , structure and function of the the Uruttu Chenda , they are classified as , Veekku Chenda , Uruttu Chenda , Muri Chenda etc
Sanjay Subrahmanyan is a Carnatic Vocalist from India .
 a Carnatic Vocalist from India has performed widely in India and overseas and has won many awards for a Carnatic Vocalist from India performances .
 Sanjay Subrahmanyan was born in Chennai , Tamil Nadu , India .
 a Carnatic Vocalist from India began learning music at the age of seven .
Initial training was under V. Lakshminarayana on the violin as well as in vocal music .
 V. Lakshminarayana on the violin later switched to vocal music and was trained by Rukmini Rajagopalan for a period of almost eight years .
 a Carnatic Vocalist from India continues to learn from Nadaswaram maestro Semponarkoil SRD Vaidyanathan .
 Outside of music , a Carnatic Vocalist from India is an avid cricket fan .
 a Carnatic Vocalist from India teaches music , and has many successful students such as Prashanth Viswanathan , Swarna Rethas , Sandeep Narayan , and Prasanna Venkatraman in the contemporary music field .
Sanjay Subrahmanyan has been the subject of documentary film Aaraar aasaippadaar by filmmaker Prasanna Ramaswamy .
 It opened to rave reviews in November 2006 in Chennai .
 a Carnatic Vocalist from India has performed in Chennai as well as in Mumbai , Calcutta , Bangalore , Delhi and other places in India .
 a Carnatic Vocalist from India has toured Malaysia , Singapore , Indonesia , Australia , US , Canada , UK , Switzerland and Oman
 Salem K. Meera is a renowned Carnatic musician in Salem Sangeetha .
 Carnatic is well versed in vocal , veena and keyboard .
 Salem Sangeetha K.Meera has composed so many swara jathis , varnams , thilanas and Tamil songs .
 Salem K.Meera runs a music school in the name of Salem K.Meera parents `` Sri Gowri Kanakasabapathy Gana Vidya Nilayam '' at Salem K.Meera residence right from 2-2-1977 and trained thousands of students in Karnatic vocal , veena and keyboard without a break .
The school has been running with interesting subjects with variety of students which encourages lot of group study with a very well guru - student relationship .
 Salem K.Meera is the Joint President of Salem Sangeetha Vidwath sabha for the past three years .
 Also Salem K.Meera has served as the President of the sabha for six years , secretary for six years .
Committee member and vice president for 12 years .
 Salem K.Meera is an active and creative participant in the sabha activities .
 Salem K.Meera has been performing in the Salem Sangeetha sabha from 1950 until now .
 Salem Sangeetha K.Meera is the daughter of Late Sri.S .
Kanakasabapathy mudaliar and Mrs. Gowri Kanakasabapathy .
Her mother is a great Sangeetha vidushi , Devi upasagi and a disciple of Arumuga mudaliar who is a student of Tiger Varadachariar .
 a great Sangeetha vidushi was born on 18-Oct-1946 .
 a great Sangeetha vidushi is also the niece of Kalaimamani .
Salem S. Jayalakshmi .
 Salem S. Jayalakshmi . started Salem S. Jayalakshmi . music career under the guidance of Salem S. Jayalakshmi . mother .
 Later Salem S. Jayalakshmi . was trained by Salem S. Jayalakshmi . gurus Narasimha Bagavadar who was also a music director for modern theaters at Salem Sangeetha and then by Sri .
Eachankudi N.Ramamoorthi .
 Later on Eachankudi N.Ramamoorthi . continued Sri with Mysore Asthana Vidwan Sri.M.Manavala Naidu who got the title `` Swara Sahithya Kartha '' in seven languages from Sri .
Harikesanallur Muthiah Bagavadar .
 Sri.M.Manavala Naidus guru was Sri .
Belakuvadi Srinivasa Iyengar .
 A well performer of ` Isai Sorpozhivu ' right from Isai Sorpozhivu ' fourth year , Isai Sorpozhivu ' started Isai Sorpozhivu ' career in front of Arch Bishop of Rome .
 In Isai Sorpozhivu ' young age without any stage fear Isai Sorpozhivu ' performed various concerts and also taken part in many intra and inter school competitions and won gold medals in music .
 In Isai Sorpozhivu ' 25th year Isai Sorpozhivu ' got many titles like `` Gana Kalavani '' honoured and given by Silasri .
GnanaPrakasa Swamigal of Kanchi Thondai Mandala mutt .
 Kanchi Thondai Mandala mutt was also blessed and honored by Kanchi Maha Periyavar on 1-4-1970 at Kolla Chatram Kanchi .
 * On 10-2-1972 Kanchi Thondai Mandala mutt was honored by the great Sangeetha Kalanidhi Sri K.Mudikondan Venkatrama Iyer for rendering `` 108 Chakra Thala Pallavis '' .
 * Kanchi Thondai Mandala mutt had given an excellent demonstration on a pallavi on `` Tribinna thalam '' in the raga Kalyani during the `` All India Musicians Conference '' at Kutchalambal Chautru at Bangalore Veerabadraya .
 * Kanchi Thondai Mandala mutt had given many concerts at Music Academy , Tamil Isai Sangham and Bharadhya Vidya Bhavan .
These concerts were presided by many great musicians like Sangeetha Kalanidhi Sri.Chembai Vaidyanada Bagavadar , Late Kavi Sri.Subramanya Iyer , Mudikonda Venkatrama Iyer , Late Manakkal Rangarajan .
* She was honored and praised by Minerva Principal and great music critic Sri.Prasuram Iyer .
* She had given great performance for about 4 1/2 hrs at Thiruvarur thepa uthsavam and many main programs at Mysore Dasara festival .
 * Also she had performed at Bidaram Rama Mandiram sabha concert at Bangalore Veerabadraya , with accompanies Sri .
 Seshagiri Rao on violin and Sri .
Nagapushana Achariar on the mridangham .
 Seshagiri Raos guru was Sri .
T. Chowdaiya .
 * T. Chowdaiya . had self tuned and sang the Tamil navagraha krithi at All India Jothidar Mahanadu under the auspicious presence of Murugu Rajendaran at Salem Sangeetha .
Theosophical society .
 At this occasion T. Chowdaiya . received the title `` Laya Gnana Isai Perarasi '' and was appreciated and blessed by Sri .
Trichy Thayumanavan .
 * Trichy Thayumanavan . was honored for Trichy Thayumanavan . music service rendered to the salemites by the Salem Rotary Club .
 * Trichy Thayumanavan . was honored as a veteran musician by the junior chamber of Salem Sangeetha sabha on world Women 's day in 2006 .
 Trichy Thayumanavan . was honored by SriMathaji of Rajarajeshwari Mahila Samajam of Salem for singing Trichy Thayumanavan . compositions , the padhinetu padigal , Geetha 's thapanyam in 18 .
 * Also Trichy Thayumanavan . had performed for Telugu Samajam , Sri Mayama centre at Salem Sangeetha and Mouna guru swamigal adhistanam at Dhindukal .
 Trichy Thayumanavan . was accompanied by well known musicians on the instruments for Trichy Thayumanavan . vocal , veena and keyboard concerts .
 Trichy Thayumanavan . had been accompanied by musicians like Coimbatore CN.Ramaswamy , Thiru M.N.Kandaswamy , Sri Manarkudi Eswaran , Sri Madurai Chellapa , Bangalore Veerabadraya , Sri Gadam Manjunathan , Sri Bangalore T.A.S Mani , Chikkal Bhaskaran , T.R Kesavalu , Papanasam Smt.Balasaraswathy , Delhi Lalitha , Bangalore Seshagiri Rao , Kandadhevi Alagiriswamy , Coimbatore B.Dakshinamoorthy and many more .
 Trichy Thayumanavan . brings up Hindu culture & tradition and Trichy Thayumanavan . celebrates every festival accordingly .
 Trichy Thayumanavan . not only teaches music to Trichy Thayumanavan . disciples but also the Hindu tradition & culture .
 Salem Sangeetha sabha has been conducting quality Carnatic music concerts with so many popular artists performing every year in the month of May at Salem Sangeetha , Tamil Nadu , India
Madras Music Academy is one of the earliest established Music Academies in South India .
 Before the concept of infrastructure was introduced to South India in the early 1920s , it was a gathering for elite musicians simply called Music Academy It plays an important role in encouraging and promoting primarily the Carnatic Music Indian art form .
It played a vital role in the revival of the Indian classical dance form of Bharatnatyam in 1930s when it faced near extinction due to a negative connotation caused by conservative societal standards .
They also run a music school called the Teachers college of Carnatic Music which has many eminent musicians on its faculty .
In 1927 , Indian National Congress held the All India Music Conference in Madras .
At the end of the conference it was decided that an organisation be formed that helped the cause of music .
The prime reason for this conference was E. Krishna Iyer who had played a vital role in reviving the south Indian dance art form - Bharatanatyam .
 Lovers of music and other well wishers wanted to stimulate interest in Carnatic music in the South India and develop a rich culture .
The academy had sound planning from the start with an expert committee consisting of some of the leading musicians and scholars to advise the academy on all technical matters .
The Academy was formally inaugurated on the 18th of August , 1928 by C. P. Ramaswami Iyer , in the Y.M.I.A. Auditorium before a large and distinguished gathering .
Since then the academy has endeavoured to provide various avenues to further the advancement of the science and art of Indian music .
Annual music conferences are held every December to collect all information regarding music , maintain the library and publish a journal .
They also help to bring to public notice aspiring musicians and scholars by conducting competitions and other presentations .
For a decade , E.Krishna Iyer worked as the Secretary of the Madras Music Academy .
 The first Music Festival was held in Carnatic Music every December , 1927 which is before the inauguration of the Music Academy .
 Since then , The first Music Festival had become a part of the Madras Music Academys Activities to conduct several expositions and concerts on Carnatic Music every December .
This later came to be popularly known as the Margazhi Season or is even referred to as the Music Season amongst Carnatic enthusiasts .
 This soon became the norm for all sabhas in Madras to conduct several concerts each day during the season .
There were several sabhas before the formation of the Music Academy like the Parthasarathy Swami Sabha in Mylapore which was formed as early as 1900 .
 However it was the Madras Music Academy that set the trend of conducting the music festival during Carnatic Music every December .
Dr. U. Rama Rao was the founder President of the Academy , there have been six others in that post .
The present President is Sri N. Murali .
Before the present building was constructed the annual conferences , programmes where held in various locations around the city .
 During the first few years , the Academy conducted its activities provisionally in George Town and later moved to Mylapore .
 In 1955 , Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru laid the foundation stone for the music academy building that exists today on TTK Road in Mylapore .
 On December 20 , 1962 , Maharaja Jayachamaraja Wodeyar Bahadur , the then Governor of Madras .
The T.T. Krishnamachari Hall is the first building that was built in 1955 .
It is after this building that the road on which it lies was named the TTK Road .
It has a seating capacity of 1600 .
The Kasturi Srinivasan Hall was built in 1982 .
It houses a small auditorium for conferences and concerts , a library , a committee room and a recording and demonstration room .
It was here that Tiruvavaduthurai Rajaratnam Pillai s tapes and audio CDs were produced .
It also has a photo gallery named the Vinyasa Art Gallery which is used during the season to exhibit photos .
Kasturi Srinivasans nephews son , N. Murali , the Joint Managing Director of The Hindu , is the present President of the Academy .
Music Academy received a donation of Rs .
1,00,000 from late Sri .
 S. Visvanathan in memory of late Sri .
K. R. Sundaram Iyer for the improvement of library activities .
The library is now named as Sri K. R. Sundaram Iyer Memorial Library .
It has rare books , manuscripts and tape recordings of the proceedings of the Expert Committee sessions .
The students of the Teachers College of Music , members , music students and research scholars .
Books on both music and other general subjects donated by the families of late Prof. P. Sambamoorthy , Sangita Vidvan K. C. Thyagarajan , Dr. V. Raghavan , Mr. Venkatakrishnan , Dr. S. R. Janakiraman and other individuals
Sri Nallan Chakravartula Krishnamacharyulu was a great scholar , musician , teacher and an exponent of the art of hari katha of modern times .
He belongs the lineage of Saint Tyagaraja and is the 5th generation student descendant of the great saint .
Tyagaraja -- > Manambuchavadi Venkatasubbayyar -- > Susarla Dakshina Murthy Sastry -- > Parupalli Rama Krishnayya Pantulu -- > Nallan Chakravartula Krishnamacharyulu .
He was born in 1924 in Jaggayya peta , Andhra Pradesh to parents Jagannaadha Tiru Venkataacharyulu and Venkata Ramanamma .
At a very early age , he started learning vyaakaraNa and meemaamsa sastras from his father and later from sri chilakamarri kesavaacharyulu .
He had a long gurukulam-style training in carnatic music from the legendary Parupalli Rama Krishnayya Pantulu who is credited with producing such stalwarts as Dr. M. Balamuralikrishna and Annavarapu Rama Swamy .
Sri Krishnmacharyulu served as staff violinist in All India Radio Vijayawada from 1948 to 1983 .
 Sri Krishnmacharyulu was conferred with the title of Gaana kalA prapuurna by the Anadhra Pradesh Sangeetha Academy .
 Various other institutions recognized Sri Krishnmacharyulu mastery of the art by conferring titles Sangeetha Saahitya Kalaa Nidhi , Hari Kadhaa Chuudamani and Sangeetha Kalaa Saagara .
 In November 1998 , Sri Krishnmacharyulu received special recognition from All India Radio during Golden Jubilee celebrations ; Later Sri Krishnmacharyulu also received a similar award from Telugu University , Hyderabad .
Sri Krishnamacharylu created several scholarly works in Sanskrit and Telugu .
 Sri Krishnamacharylu was of firm belief that there was no need for anyone to compose new keerthanas in Carnatic tradition as the Trinitys compositions were matchless and would take a life time to learn even a few .
But due to compulsion and requests from some musicians composed over 20 krithis , varnams and Tillanas in popular as well as rare ragas .
 Just like earlier vaggeyakaras , he never needed to think of the verses due to his extraordinary scholarship in Sanskrit and Telugu .
Sri Krishnamacharyulu is inspirational musician for some upcoming musicians in the family , for instance , Nallan Chakravartula Partha Sarathy .
His devotion and dedication to music is incomparable .

Composition !!
Raga !!
Tala !!
 Type Tala !!
Language !!
Description !!
Audio Links
Devoleena Bhattacharjee is an Bengali actress on Indian television .
 an Bengali actress on Indian television is famous for an Bengali actress on Indian television role as Gopi bahu from the show Saath Nibhaana Saathiya .
Devoleena Bhattacharjee was born to a Bengali Brahmin family , and was born and brought up at Sivasagar , Assam .
 a Bengali Brahmin family has two younger brother .
 Devoleena Bhattacharjee came to the city of MIDC Mumbai to try a Bengali Brahmin family luck in the entertainment industry .
 And this was when a Bengali Brahmin family mother gave her mother , who works in ONGC daughter all the support that her mother , who works in ONGC needed .
 her mother , who works in ONGC even accompanied Devoleena Bhattacharjee to MIDC Mumbai along with her mother , who works in ONGC son .
 However , there was a phase when her mother , who works in ONGC mother , who works in ONGC , could not get adjusted to the fast life of MIDC Mumbai .
 Devoleena Bhattacharjee then applied for a shift back to Sivasagar , Assam last year .
 her mother , who works in ONGC has done her mother , who works in ONGC schooling from GBME School , Sivasagar Assam .
 her mother , who works in ONGC has completed the graduation In Commerce .
 her mother , who works in ONGC has done the Jewellery Designing and Development course from NIFT , New Delhi and worked in GILI , MIDC Mumbai .
 Later her mother , who works in ONGC has learned Bharatnatyam from Kalakshetra , Chennai .
 Devoleena Bhattacharjee has learned classical music till visharad part 1 in Sivasagar , Assam at very early stage .
 her mother , who works in ONGC has also learned Bharatnatyam from Kalakshetra , Chennai .
 her mother , who works in ONGC has won a lot of dance competitions .
And was in the Top 100 in Dance India Dance .
 her mother , who works in ONGC started her mother , who works in ONGC acting career while her mother , who works in ONGC was in 6th standard .
 Then after a long break her mother , who works in ONGC participated in a one act drama competition , followed by lots of plays and theatres in Sivasagar , Assam .
 While working with GILI as a Jewellery designer , GILI signed a contract in Colors TV for a new show KUDESAN but the show was scrapped due to the policy changes of the channel .
 After a Jewellery designer GILI joined Sawaare Sabke Sapne Preeto with NDTV Imagine as Bani .
The story is located against a Punjabi backdrop and is based on the lives of five sisters .
 Devoleena Bhattacharjee played the role of Baani Kaur Dhillon , younger sister of Sawaare Sabke Sapne Preeto with NDTV in the serial .
 Currently , Baani Kaur Dhillon plays the role of Gopi is STAR Plus Saath Nibhana Saathiya which was being played by Giaa Manek .
 As Giaa Manek wants to participate in Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa 5 , Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa 5 left the show and Devoleena Bhattacharjee got the chance to play the role .
 Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa 5 is paired opposite Ahem Modi in the show .
The shows TRPs initially dropped due to Giaa Manek s replacement in the show and picked up once the series started expanding its storylines
Bhupalam is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Bhupalam is a pentatonic scale .
 Bhupalam is a janya ragam , as Bhupalam does not have all the seven swaras .
 Bhupalam is also written as Bhoopalam .
 Bhupalam is considered an auspicious scale and a morning ragam .
In Tamil music , this scale is called Puranirmai pann and some thevarams are set to this scale .
This ragam is played in the mornings before opening the sanctum-sanctorum of temples , using nadaswaram .
It is also used for chanting slokas , folks songs , Kathakali music and other rituals .
The equivalent scale in Hindustani music is Bhupal Todi .
 Bhupalam is a symmetric ragam that does not contain madhyamam or nishadham .
 Bhupalam is a symmetric pentatonic scale .
Its ascending and descending scale is as follows : .
The notes used in this scale are shadjam , shuddha rishabham , sadharna gandharam , panchamam and shuddha dhaivatham , as per Carnatic music notation and terms for the swaras .
 Bhupalam is considered a janya ragam of Hanumatodi , the 8th Melakarta ragam , though Bhupalam can be derived from 5 other melakarta ragams by dropping both the madhyamam and nishadham .
 Bhupalam ragam lends Bhupalam for good elaboration and has a few compositions in both classical music and film music .
 Here are some popular songs composed in Bhupalam .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Bhupalams notes when shifted using Graha bhedham , yields another pentatonic ragam , Gambhiranata .
Graha bhedham is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 For more details and illustration of this concept refer Graha bhedham on Gambhiranata
 Emani Sankara Sastry , was a renowned Veena Vadanatatvegna player of Carnatic music .
Emani Sankara Sastry was born on September 23 , 1922 in Draksharama , Andhra Pradesh .
 Emani Sankara Sastry came from a family of celebrated classical musicians .
 His father Vainika Bhooshana Veena Acharya Emani Achyutarama Sastri , a famed vainika and sastragna was a contemporary of Sangameshwara Sastri and Veena Venkata Romainiah Das of Draksharama , Andhra Pradesh .
The prodigious training he had from a young age under his unsparing father was reflected in abundance in his tuneful , melodious and technique perfect concerts .
His graceful playing on the veena in strictly traditional style evoked a reverential listening .
Emani gave concerts throughout the length and breadth of India .
His participation in East-West music festivals , Tansen festival , Vishnu Digambar festival , and other prestigious music conferences won him distinction in the field of music .
Emani played duets with Ustad Abdul Halim Jaffar Khan , Pandit Ravi Shankar , and Pandit Gopal Krishan evoking enthusiastic responses from the North Indian listeners .
After completing his education from Andhra University , he joined the famous Gemini Studios at Madras , where he was the music director for more than ten years .
He composed tunes based on novel techniques and directed music for hit films such as Mangla , Sansar , Bahut Din Huwe , Vindhyarani , Nishan , Mr. Sampat and English version of Chandralekha .
His own compositions of keerthanas , javalis and bhajans can be frequently heard in his solo concerts .
His operas in Hindi and regional languages are also very popular .
 Emani joined All India Radio in 1959 as producer of music at Madras .
Soon he rose to the position of director and composer of national orchestra and chief producer of music .
He presented over the broadcasting network a number of classical , thematic orchestral compositions and folk melodies bringing out the special tonal qualities of Indian instruments and synthesized musical patterns with a distinctive Emani touch .
Emani was also associated with cultural and academic organizations .
He was the asthaan vidwan of Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams , member of the university grants committee - to advise on music and member of the expert committee at Madras Music Academy .
 He was also designated founder chairman of the committee to select candidates for scholarships of the education ministry for Carnatic music , was a member to select film awards , member of the central Sangeet Natak Akademi to select candidates for the national awards .
Emani introduced a number of budding young singers to the musical world .
Prominent among them was playback singer P.B. Srinivos who later went on to make a name for himself as a singer in Tamil , Kannada & Telugu films .
To quote : Vainika Sikhamani , Vainika Siromani , Veena Gana Gandhrava , Ganarupa Kalasaraswathi , Veena Vadanatatvegna , Gandhrava Kalanidhi , Gana Kala Dhara , Veena Chakravarthi , Vallaki Vallabha .
 Vainika Sikhamani was also conferred with the title of Maha Mahopadhyaya , which was conferred on a South Indian musician for the first time .
 Vainika Sikhamani was given the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 1973 , Sahitya Kala Parishad award , Padma Shri and Doctorate of Andhra University .
 Many other titles were conferred upon Vainika Sikhamani .
 The all India felicitation committee under the petronship of the Vice President of India honored him by conferring upon him the title chaturdandi panditaha for rendering his services for the cause of music .
The raga Sankarabharanam played by him on the veena won him the ASIAN ROSTRUM AWARD for the most outstanding number for the year 1973 .
The rostrum was held under the patronage of UNESCO , at Alam Atta , Soviet Union wherein eminent artists from thirty nations took part .
In appreciation of his opulent music lovers of Poughkeepsie , New York bestowed upon him the title `` VEENA VIRTUOSO '' on October 12 , 1953 .
He was invited to participate in the `` PAN ASIATIC MUSIC AND DANCE FESTIVAL '' at Rome during July 1980 .
1 .
 Adarsa sikhararohanam - An orchestral composition based on the theme of the conquest of Everest in which Everest used six veenas .
 The force proved a unique experience to lovers of creative music and to others The force opened up new vistas of musical utterance .
2 .
Swara tarangini - An orchestral composition in which he employed numerous sounds that gradually crystallize into musical swaras suggesting the origin of sound and music .
3 .
Ragam Thanam Pallavi - an orchestral composition based on the classical raga Todi .
It was an experiment first of its kind in classical music which won the appreciation of musicians and the listeners .
4 .
Indu - a composition based on the first six ragas of the first chakra of the melakarta scheme of the great Venkatamakhin .
5 .
 Bharata jyoti - a thematic musical composition on late Pandit Nehru and Pandit Nehru achievements .
6 .
Saumya pursh - a musical composition on late Mahatma Gandhiji 's ideals .
7 .
Brmara vinyas - a thematic composition depicting a day in the life of a bee , which won him laurels at the prix Italia .
 He won the admiration of the world known violinist Yehudi Menuhin and at his special invitation he participated in the festival of international music council at Sahitya Kala Parishad on January 8 , 1974 .
He enthralled people by his concert of the veena which was classed as the concert of the century by discerning reviewers .
 He was one of the most outstanding artists constantly in demand in India and abroad .
 He contributed a number of recordings on A.I.R. and two long-playing records for UNESCO for release all over the world .
 A great guru he was , Emani has to A great guru he was credit disciples well known in the field of music .
Among them are :
In Carnatic music , the Akshipthika is the first part or the introductory part of the alapana .
 Carnatic gives an idea about the raga in which the song is going to be sung .
 Carnatic is followed by the ragavardhini .
 the Akshipthika is the introduction to the raagam .
 the Akshipthika usually starts on a low note in the scale but then again the artist is permitted to start wherever they want on the scale and at whatever tempo they want .
We must remember that the idea raagam alapana is to allow the musician to creatively express themselves and the raagam without sticking to a particular scaffold as they must in a song .
Thus , there is no particular order or manner in which it must be performed
Papanasam Sivan was a prominent composer of Carnatic music and a singer .
He also foremost film score composer in Kannada cinema as well as Tamil cinema in 1930s and 40s .
A famous composer , Sivan was also known as Tamil Thyagaraja .
Using Classical South Indian as a base , Sivan created numerous hits popularized by M. K. Thyagaraja Bhagavathar and M. S. Subbulakshmi .
 In 1962 , Classical South Indian was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Fellowship the highest honour conferred by Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy for Music , Dance and Drama .
Papanasam Sivans early years were spent in the Travancore area of Kerala where the kings patronized fine arts .
 Papanasam Sivans was born at Polagam Village in the district of Thanjavur , which was home to the illustrious musical trinity of Carnatic music .
 Papanasam Sivans given name was Ramaiya .
 In 1897 , when Ramaiya was just 7 , Papanasam Sivans father died .
 Yogambal mother Yogambal , along with His mother Yogambal sons , left Thanjavur and were forced to move to trivandram in 1899 to seek the aid of his uncle .
 At Thiruvananthapuam , Ramaiya learned Malayalam and later Ramaiya joined the Maharaja Sanskrit college and obtained a degree in grammar .
 Ramaiya was very religious , and with death of Ramaiya mother Yogambal in 1910 , when Ramaiya was 20 , became even more so .
 Ramaiya wandered from place to place visiting temples and singing devotional songs .
 Ramaiya used to be an active participant in the devotional music sessions at the home of Neelakandasivan in Thiruvananthapuram .
 Thus Ramaiya learned many of the musical compositions of Neelakandasivan in Thiruvananthapuram .
 In this period , Ramaiya wanderings would take Ramaiya regularly to the temple at Sri Papanasam , where Ramaiya would smear bhasma all over Ramaiya body .
 Hence people began to refer Ramaiya as Papanasam Sivan , the name by which Ramaiya was to become well known later .
 Ramaiya picked up Ramaiya first music lessons from Noorani Mahadeva Bhagavatar , son of Parameswara Bhagavatar .
 Later Ramaiya became the disciple of Konerirajapuram Vaidyanath Iyer , a well-known musician , under whose tutelage Sivan blossomed into a consummate artiste that he was .
 In spite of Ramaiya deep knowledge of music , Papanasam Sivan was more interested in the devotional aspect of music .
 Ramaiya preferred to sing devotional songs and encouraged other singers take part in sessions of devotional music with Ramaiya .
Papanasam Sivan was a regular in all the major temple festivals in South India with his devotional songs .
Later in 1962 Papanasam Sivan received the President award .
 Ramaiya has a daughter Dr. Rukmani Ramani who is a leading Carnatic Musician in Chennai .
Shri Papanasam sivan had three daughters and two son .
 Ashok Ramani who is Shri Papanasam sivan grandson is also a successful Carnatic Musician .
Another daughter by name Nila Ramamurthy also used to compose Carnatic music.He had two sons named Ramadoss and P.S.Krithivasan , and is survived by children named K.Ganapathy and K. Balathiripura sundari .
 K.Ganapathy is a mechanical engineer by full-time profession and is also into part-time light music - performing for various orchestras in and around Chennai .
K.Balathiripura sundari has learnt carnatic music and currently teaches music to aspiring students of Mumbai .
Many of Sri papanasams kritis has the mudhirai ramadasa in tribute to his son .
Sri Papanasam sivan had an elder brother Rajagopal Iyer whose daughter V. N. Janaki was an actress and wife of former Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu .
 Rajagopal Iyer also had a son P. Narayanan who was a great educationist in Chennai .
 Sri Papansam Kumjumani Bhagavathar , Sri Papanasam Ramani Bhagavathar , Smt Radha Kalyanaraman , Sri Papanasam Kumar , Master Sankaranarayanan R , Master Gokul Kumar , Papansam Kumjumani Bhagavathar .
 Sruthi Kumar , Papansam Kumjumani Bhagavathar .
Anita Sivaraman are noted artists , Kumar Rajendran and Dr.Latha Rajendran who are grand/great-grandsons and grand/great-grand daughters of Rajagopala Iyer and related to Papanasam sivam
Tiruchy L. Saravanan , also known as Flute Saravanan , is a prime disciple of Dr. N. Ramani , one of India s pioneer Carnatic flautists .
Saravanan is also a disciple of the late Sri K. S. Narayanan , the late V. Sundaresan , and the eminent violinist Nagai R. Muralidharan , Saravanan is a Yuvakalabharathy Award winner from the Government of Tamil Nadu .
Trained as a vocalist equally , Saravanan incorporates both the demands of vocal and instrumental techniques in his renditions satisfying the needs of the composition rather than the wants of the audience .
He began at the age of 10 in both vocal and Carnatic Flute .
After several years of schooling in music under renonwned teachers , he started performing by the age 14 in All India Radio , Tiruchy .
After several years of performing experience , he got the rare privilege of learning under the Flute Maestro , Dr. N. Ramani aided by the Govt .
of India Advanced Learning sponsorship .
Dr. N. Ramani himself is the direct disciple of Mali , who elevated the status of the flute in Carnatic concerts with vocal techniques .
Dr. N. Ramani polished his teachers methodology to high vocal standards and brought a new image and dimension to Indian Classical Music in the 1900s .
Saravanan , being trained under vocal and violin teachers assimilated Dr. N. Ramanis technqiues aptly .
 He performs in Ramanis Academy of Flute regularly and with Dr. N. Ramani , Saravanan has taken part in uniques flute Carnatic concerts like 5-flute concert incorporating a series of flutes in a single concert .
He has made solo albums with recording companies like Kalavardhini with his own gurus accompanying like the violin exponent Nagai Muralidharan and the famed mridangist Srimushanam V. Raja Rao .
 Saravanan has received several awards and titles for his performances , in particular , the Senior Fellowship from the Government of India and the Yuvakalabarathy award .
He also received the Saptha Swara Kulal Isai Mani and the Senior Flautist awards from the Madras Music Academy .
In the Rama Gana Sabha in Hyderabad , Andhra Pradesh he was honoured as Venu Gana Nipuna .
He was a Flute lecturer with the Tamil Nadu Government Music College before he joined the SIFAS Academy as a Carnatic Vocal and Flute Tutor in January 2004 .
Saravanan has accompanied musicians including Padmashri Sudha Raghunathan , Nithyashree Mahadevan , Bombay Jayashri , Kalaimamani A. K. C. Natarajan in clarinet and flute duets , Sangeetha Kalanidhi and Padma Bhushan T.N.Seshagopalan , Sangeet Saamrat Chitravina N. Ravikiran and chiefly Padma Vibushan Mangalampalli Balamuralikrishna on world tours .
He has also performed with other famous accompanying artistes such as the tavil exponent Padmashri Valayaptti A. R. Subramaniam and Haridwaramangalam A. K. Palanivel , the violin exponent Kumari A. Kanyakumari .
He has also given Santoor - Flute Jugalbhandi concerts with the late R. Visweswaran , a disciple of the Santoor Maestro Pt .
Shivkumar Sharma .
 Shivkumar Sharma . involvement in the dance fratinity is respectable being an accompanist to dance exponents such in the likes of Padmashri Smt .
 Sudharani Raghupathi , Padmashri Valayaptti A. R. Subramaniam .
Smt .
Chitra Visweswaran and Padmashri Dr. Smt .
Saraswathi Sundaresan .
 sangathi creation , strong raga bhava and apt control of rhythm got Saraswathi Sundaresan . the 1st prize in the All India Radio National Flute Competition in 1990 and has also won the gold medal in the Calcutta Youth Festival in 1996 .
Saravanan is also a composer in the National Arts Council of Singapore in the biennial National Indian Music Competition which showcases budding talents in the field of Indian Classical Music .
The SIFAS octet ensemble which he composed in 2004 won the second prize in the competition .
 Saravanans natural gift in understanding the nuances of Carnatic music , put Saravanans on the edge over other composer musicians in Singapore .
 Saravanans sensitivity and almost near diction in orchestrating Indian classical music is noteworthy .
 In 2006 , Saravanans again created the SIFAS ensemble now with a ten member team incorporating North Indian music instruments such as tabla and sitar in a Carnatic music orchestral piece , a unique ragatalamalika with different ragas and talas , blending with the traditional South Indian instruments with a pair of violins , a pair of support vocalists , flute , mridangam , and ghatam .
 In a challenging NAC National Indian Music competition , Saravanans won the second prize again and winning critical acclaim from the judges and the audience for Saravanans individual effort and unique creativity in orchestrating a Carnatic music ensemble blending North Indian and South Indian music instruments .
 Bringing the sitar and veena , the tabla and mridangam in a single platform was conducted by Saravanans for the first time in a national music competition in Singapore .
 Saravanan has also composed several other compositions for the institution and in the year 2006 , he also composed for the President of India , Dr. A P J Abdul Kalam a ragamalika based on the Presidents own poems , in a cultural show in SIFAS celebrating the visit of the president to SIFAS and was well received by the President himself .
 Saravanan is one of the few Carnatic flautists in the world , who has tailor made his flutes ranging from the venu to the bansuri by himself , partly due to his skill in recognising the accuracy of the swaras , which are often difficult to achieve in flutes .
 By recreating the 7 hole bansuri flute in the bamboo used by venu flutes , he has widened the avenue of Carnatic style Bansuri playing in Carnatic music which was pioneered by his famous guru .
This is a tediously time consuming process taking years to form in timbre and quality before reaching the concert platform .
 In using these heavier yet deep base flutes which often require heavy blowing techniques as in the venu flutes to achieve the tonal clarity of the bansuri flutes made of the Assam bamboo , he is able to bridge the worlds of both the bansuri and the venu into a single classical dimension by playing both North Indian and South Indian ragas with ease .
This tireless effort has easily allowed him to collaborate with North Indian artistes such as the Orissi exponent Sonal Man Singh as he is able to bridge Carnatic techniques and North Indian ragas well .
 To increase his repertoire , he also performs in rare ragas , to explore more possibilities with the Carnatic flute .
 As a Carnatic vocal and flute teacher , Saravanan imparts a performing verve to his students and the emphasis of practical presentation over theoretical knowledge proves that Carnatic is the torch bearer of Dr. N. Ramanis legacy .
 Just like Carnatic famous guru , his method of instruction is inclined towards excellent clarity of swarasthana with a high standard of classical tradition .
Emphasising on the strong tradition of chaste Carnatic music strictly refraining from any form of popular music influences .
In Singapore , he has won the respect and blessings of the most famous critic in Singapores Carnatic music fratinity ; Viswakala Bharathi Shri Eelanallur S. Sathyalingam , the music director of Apsaras Arts Ltd. .
A disciple of famous doyens like Mysore Vasudevachar , Karaikudi Sambasiva Iyer and Papanasam Sivan in Kalakshetra , Shri Sathyalingams music is synonmous with orthodox and tradition .
 Saravanans students include students of all age groups and even a student of Dr. N. Ramani , who is currently the music director of the Indian orchestra in the National University of Singapore .
 Saravanan is also exploring inspiration from other genres of classical music from Hindustani to Western classical with even showing interest in Greek , Persian , and Chinese music to reach a yet higher level of performance in his concerts without altering the very fabric of Carnatic music .
 He has also founded a pioneer instituition in Singapore , Vamshidwani in Jul 2007 to propagate and popularize the Carnatic flute in Singapore and around the region
Natesan Ramani is an Indian Carnatic flautist .
N. Ramani was born in Tiruvarur in Tamil Nadu .
 Aside from the influence of Natesan Ramani place of birth , Natesan Ramani was born into a musical family .
 Ramanis grandfather , Sri Aazhiyur Narayanaswami Iyer , was Sri Aazhiyur Narayanaswami Iyer first guru and was a well known flute artist and singer Sri Aazhiyur Narayanaswami Iyer .
 Aware of young Natesan Ramani keen interest in the Indian Carnatic flute , Natesan Ramani initiation to Indian Carnatic music began at the age of five .
 Natesan Ramani is a disciple of the legendary T. R. Mahalingam , known more commonly as Mali , who first popularised the Indian Carnatic flute in Indian music .
 The birthplace of Natesan Ramani is symbolic in that Indian Carnatic musicians consider Tiruvarur the sacred sanctuary of Indian Carnatic music , being the birthplace of the trinity of Indian Carnatic composers , Saint Tyagaraja , Muthuswami Dikshitar and Syama Shastri who laid the foundation for the tradition .
 Until the late 19th century , the Indian Carnatic flute , a 8-hole bamboo flute , the South Indian equivalent of the North Indian 6-hole bansuri flute , had never been used in Carnatic concerts .
 Sharaba Shastri has been characterized by Sharaba Shastri followers as a musical genius after experimenting and creating the Indian Carnatic flute .
 Sharaba Shastri is also known for bringing the Indian Carnatic flute to the fore of Indian Carnatic music concerts as an influential instrument .
 The Sharaba Shastri style or bani of playing was established and was carried on by Sharaba Shastri disciple Sanjeeva Rao .
 However it was the self-taught Mali who brought a revolution in popularising the Indian Carnatic flute and whose legacy was carried on by Natesan Ramani and other national and international disciples of Mali .
 Dr. N. Ramani Interview about Mali .
 Although Palladam Sanjeeva Rao was Sharaba Shastris successor , Mali was Mali and N. Ramani as well as K.S Narayanan , who brought international attention to the Indian Carnatic flute both in their own distinct flute playing techniques , with the latter two improving on the formers methods .
 Palladam Sanjeeva Rao did so by studying the long bass flutes of the North Indian bansuri genius , Pannalal Ghosh which the later had incorporated successfully in Hindustani concerts .
 To further enhance tala dynamics , Palladam Sanjeeva Rao followed the GNB style which was developed by the legendary G. N. Balasubramaniam .
An interview with the Hindu .
 The Mali bani encompassed facial expressions such as slight tilting of the head , varied movement of the lips which produced the vocal effect in the Carnatic never explored before by Sharaba Shastri or Palladam Sanjeeva Rao .
 Bringing out more of the tradition Mali introduced in the playing of the Indian Carnatic flute , Natesan Ramani distinctive style is the transformation of the Indian Carnatic flute into the voice of a proficient Carnatic vocalist .
 Stressing such importance on the emphasis of vocal style of playing , Indian Carnatic displayed characteristics of the human voice in Indian Carnatic concerts often observed in Indian Carnatic fast paced yet melodious performances .
 According to Natesan Ramani , Malis teaching methods were worth emulating .
 A good teacher should be open to learning from A good teacher students too .
 Mali learnt Aahiri raga from me , which I had learnt from T. Vishwanathan , Balasaraswathis brother .
 In 1996 , T. Vishwanathan gained the most prestigious title/award in Indian Carnatic music , Sangeetha Kalanidhi .
 N. Ramanis performances in All India Radio have received numerous praises from renonwned Hindustani and Indian Carnatic musicians alike and his performances overseas had been recognised with numerous awards .
 Some of the highlights include the Sangeetha Kalanidhi , awarded by the Music Academy in Chennai , Tamil Nadu , India , the Sangeetha Kalasikhamani award for the year 2007 given by The Indian Fine arts Society , Chennai , the Sangeetha Acharya award from Wasser College , U.S. , the honorary citizenship status in Maryland , Ohio , U.S. , and the Padma Shri Award from the President of India .
 Some of the holds an honorary Cultural Doctorate from The World University of Arizona
Carnatic music terms are briefly described in this page .
Major terms have their own separate article pages , while minor terms are defined / described here .
Most of the keerthanas/kritis used in Carnatic music is based on Telugu language .
 The order of Major terms is from basic to related terms , rather than alphabetic .
 the Sruti is musical pitch .
It is considered equivalent to tonic of western music .
This is the pitch at which the drone is set , which is usually played by a tambura .
 In Carnatic music , Sthai refers to the octave , especially in the Telugu language .
Madhyama sthai refers to the middle octave , Tara sthai refers to the upper octave and Mandra sthai refers to the lower octave .
Swaram or Swara is a single note .
Each swaram defines the position of note in relation to the Sruti .
A ragam prescribes a set of rules for building a melody - very similar to the Western concept of mode .
Different combination of swarams and swaram phrases form different ragams .
Arohanam of a ragam is the ascending scale of the ragam .
It describes the rules for singing ascending notes of a ragam , including the swarams to use and swaram patterns that form the ragam .
Avarohanam of a ragam is the descending scale of the ragam .
 Avarohanam describes the rules for singing descending notes of a ragam .
A Melakarta ragam is one which has all seven swarams , namely , Sa , Ri , Ga , Ma , Pa , Dha and Ni .
The arohanam and avarohanam of a melakarta ragam are strictly ascending and descending scales .
It is also known as janaka ragam , because other ragams are derived from it .
One of the 72 parent ragams first created by Venkatamakhin which did not have strict rules of ascending / descending scales , did not insist on inclusion of all 7 swaras nor disallow vakra prayogas .
 A chakra consists of a group of 6 Melakarta ragams , which differ from each other only in the Dhaivatham and the Nishadham .
A Janya ragam is one which is derived from a Melakarta ragam .
 It may have a subset of the seven swarams Sa , Ri , Ga , Ma , Pa , Dha and Ni , an external swaram not found in its parent or vakra prayogam of swarams in the Arohanam , Avarohanam or Avarohanam .
 Ata talam refers to the rhythm cycle or beat cycle for a particular song .
 Ragam Alapana is a preface to a song , which explores the ragam of the song , without any lyrics .
 Ragam Alapana is a slow improvisation with no talam .
 Niraval or Neraval is the repeated singing of one or two lines of a song , with improvised exposition in each repetition .
Kalpanaswaram literally means imagined swarams .
 Niraval is the singing of swarams of the ragam of a song , following the completion of the song .
Though many phrases of the swarams may have been practiced , experienced artists may spontaneously play new phrases within the ragams rules - hence the term Kalpana .
 hence the term Kalpana is an improvisation of the ragam , by singing the swarams , namely Sa , Ri , Ga , Ma , Pa , Dha and Ni .
Tanam is rhythmic / rhythm based improvisation of the ragam .
It is done with rhythm based syllables like tha , nam , thom and na .
It is usually included as second part in a Ragam Tanam Pallavi .
Ragamalika , which literally means garland of ragams , is a composition that has different verses set to different ragams .
Ragamalika swarams refers to singing of Kalpanaswarams in different ragams .
 Ragam Tanam Pallavi is a rendition of Carnatic music which lends to total improvisation , in different forms .
 Carnatic consists of Ragam Alapana , Tanam and a Pallavi line .
The pallavi line is sung many times in different speeds , different ranges of the ragam and different octaves .
 This is usually followed by Kalpanaswarams , sometimes in multiple ragams .
Viruttam is a devotional verse or phrase sung in an impromptu choice of ragam or ragamalika usually before a song .
The ragam is usually the same as that of the song that follows .
 Manodharma is the concept of impromptu or spontaneous improvisation , which is one of the important aspects of Carnatic music .
 There are many types of improvisations , like Ragam Ragam Alapana , Thanam , Niraval , Viruttam and Kalpanaswaram .
Kalpita sangeetam is music that is already composed , learnt and practiced .
 Kalpita sangeetam is opposite of Manodharma sangeetam , which complements Kalpita sangeetam .
 The seven swarams in Carnatic music , then followed by other terms related to swaram .
The first swaram in the scale is Shadjam .
 Shadjam is invariant and is always included in all ragams .
The second swaram in the scale is Rishabham .
 Rishabham has three pitch possibilities , namely Suddha , Chathusruti and Shatsruti .
The third swaram in the scale is Gandharam .
 Gandharam has three pitch possibilities , namely Suddha , Sadharana and Antara .
The fourth swaram in the scale is Madhyamam .
 Madhyamam has two pitch possibilities , namely Suddha and Prati .
 The fifth swaram in the scale is the Nishadham .
 the Nishadham is invariant .
 The sixth swaram in the scale is the Nishadham .
 the Nishadham has three pitch possibilities , namely Suddha , Chathusruti and Shatsruti .
 The seventh swaram in the scale is the Nishadham .
 The seventh swaram in the scale has three pitch possibilities , namely Suddha , Kaisiki and Kakali .
Anya swaram in a janya ragam is a swaram that is not found in its parent ragam .
 Anya means outside the set / group .
 Sthai refers to an octave of music .
 There are 5 sthais in Carnatic music , namely , Anumandra , Mandra , Madhya , Tara and Athitara .
Most artists sing over two octaves or two and a half octaves range .
Very few can sing well in bigger range of 3 or more octaves .
Anga means part .
In the context of a ragams scale , the terms poorvanga and uttaranga are used .
 Sa , Ri , Ga and Ma notes in a scale are referred are poorvanga , while Pa , Dha and Ni are referred as uttaranga .
Gamaka is the term used for variations of the swarams in a scale .
 Gamaka can refer to the shake of the note , grace around the note , decoration or embellishment of the swaram .
 Gamaka is an integral part of most ragams , as Gamaka is not arbitrary but is essential part of the structure / scale .
Vadi swaram in a ragam is the main / primary swaram of importance in it .
A vadi swaram is repeated quite often in a rendition .
Samvadi swaram in a ragam has a concordant effect with the vadi swaram .
 Samvadi swaram in a ragam has a good effect to the ear along with the vadi .
 In western music Samvadi swaram in a ragam is equivalent of the consonant .
Vivadi swaram in a ragam has a discordant effect with the vadi swaram in it .
It may not have a pleasing effect when sounded together , but composers use appropriate phrases so that such discordant effect is skipped or avoided .
In western music it is equivalent of the dissonant .
Anuvadi swaram in a ragam has neither concordant nor discordant effect with the vadi swaram .
A musical notes phrase of a ragam is known as Prayogam .
Vishesha means special .
Hence , important phrases of a ragam are known as Vishesha Prayogams .
Missing swarams in a janya ragam , when derived from a melakarta ragam are referred as varjya .
For example , Rishabham and Panchamam are varjya in Hindolam when derived from Natabhairavi .
 Swarams are said to be vakram in a ragam , if either the Arohanam , Avarohanam or both , do not follow a strictly ascending or descending order .
They go up and down .
In such a ragam , these swarams should always use the same order in order to give the unique melody of the ragam .
A janya ragam is Upanga if all the swarams in its scale are strictly derived from its melakarta ragam .
There are no anya swarams .
A janya ragam is Bhashanga if an anya swaram is introduced in its scale , when derived from its melakarta ragam .
A janya ragam is Nishadhantya if the highest note that can be played is the Nishadham .
 The rules for such ragams are that they should be played or sung within the single octave - Ni , Sa , Ri , Ga , Ma , Pa , Dha , Ni .
Examples are Nadanamakriya and Punnagavarali ragams .
A janya ragam is Dhaivadhantya if the highest note that can be played is the Dhaivatam .
 The rules for such ragams are that they should be played or sung within the single octave - Dha , Ni , Sa , Ri , Ga , Ma , Pa , Dha .
Example Kurinji ragam .
A janya ragam is Panchamantya if the highest note that can be played is the Panchamam .
 The rules for such ragams are that they should be played or sung within the single octave - Pa , Dha , Ni , Sa , Ri , Ga , Ma , Pa. .
Example Navroj ragam .
 Tuning the sruti to Ma is called Madhyama sruti .
 the Sruti is usually set for Panchamantya , Dhaivadhantya and Nishadhantya ragams .
The following terms are applicable to ascending scale of a ragam , descending scale of a ragam , or the ragam as a whole .
 Sampurna ragam is a ragam that has all seven swarams , namely , Sa , Ri , Ga , Ma , Pa , Dha and Ni .
Shadava ragam is a ragam that has only six of the seven swarams in its scale .
Owdava ragam is a ragam that has only five of the seven swarams in its scale .
It is a pentatonic scale .
Svarantara ragam is a ragam that has only four of the seven swarams in its scale .
Jathi of a talam specifies beat count of the rhythm cycle .
 Jathi of a talam specifically applies to lagu component of the talam and not necessarily to the entire talam .
The different jathis are tisra , chathusra , khanda , misra and sankeerna .
Gati of a talam specifies sub-divisions of a beat in a composition .
It is also referred as Nadai .
Chathusra gati is the most common , followed by Tisra .
 Khanda are Khanda , Misra and Sankeerna .
Lagu is the component of a talam which is the variant part .
Its beat count is dependent on the jathi of the talam .
The action for counting includes a tap / clap , followed by a count of sub-beats of the full rhythm cycle .
Note that a tisra jathi lagu is actually 1 clap and 2 counts = 3 beats .
Dhrutham is the component of a talam which is invariant and includes only two beats .
 Dhrutham action includes a tap / clap , followed by a veechu .
Anudhrutham is the component of a talam which is invariant and includes only one beat .
Its action is a tap / clap .
Avartanam of a talam refers to one cycle of the talam .
Most talams have at least 1 lagu , except for the rare talams .
 Eduppu , from Tamil , from Tamil , means start .
 Eduppu , from Tamil denotes the point within the Avartanam of a talam when a composition or stanza in a composition begins .
Onru , Onrarai are common , other than Samam which starts in synchronization with the beginning of a talam .
Rupaka talam refers to the group of talams that consist of 1 dhrutam , followed by 1 lagu .
 Rupaka talam also refers to chathusra-jathi rupaka talam as a default .
Triputa talam refers to the group of talams that consist of 1 lagu , followed by 2 dhrutams .
Triputa talam also refers to tisra-jathi triputa talam as a default .
Dhruva talam refers to the group of talams that consist of 1 lagu , followed by 1 dhrutam , followed by two lagus .
 Dhruva talam also refers to chathusra-jathi dhruva talam as a default , unless a different jathi is specified .
Matya talam refers to the group of talams that consist of 1 lagu , followed by 1 dhrutam , followed by 1 lagu .
 Matya talam also refers to chathusra-jathi matya talam as a default .
Jhampa talam refers to the group of talams that consist of 1 lagu , followed by 1 anudhrutam , followed by 1 dhrutam .
Jhampa talam also refers to misra-jathi jhampa talam as a default .
Ata talam refers to the group of talams that consist of 2 lagus , followed by 2 dhrutams .
Ata talam also refers to khanda-jathi ata talam as a default .
Eka talam refers to the group of talams that consist of 1 lagu only .
Eka talam also refers to chathusra-jathi eka talam as a default .
 Adhi talam refers to chathusra-jathi triputa talam , which is very common in Carnatic music .
 This is the equivalent of 8 beat / 16 beat of Western music .
 Khanda chapu refers to a talam with 10 beat avartanam which does not fit into above classification of Most talams .
 Misra chapu refers to a talam with 14 beat avartanam which does not fit into above classification of Most talams .
Desadhi refers to adhi talam with , where the eduppu is one and a half beats from beginning of avaratanam .
Kalai refers to the speed of the talam during a rendition of song .
Learning Carnatic music involves learning most of the following exercises , mostly in the order listed below .
Sarali varisai is used to learn the swarams in the octave , usually in Mayamalavagowla ragam .
It is learnt in simple straight ascending and descending fashion and a few variations .
It is also learnt in multiple speeds .
Avali means row or arrangement .
Swaravali are exercises with different arrangements of swarams .
 Avali is shortened and referred as Sarali , as in Sarali varisai described above .
Jhanta varisai are exercises used to learn the swarams in the octave in twin fashion and a few other combinations .
It is also usually learnt in Mayamalavagowla ragam .
Dhattu literally means jump .
Dhattu varisai are exercises used to learn the swarams in zig-zag fashion , so that more control of the notes and different combinations are achieved .
Example , sa ma ri ga , sa ri ga ma , and so on .
Each of these exercises are set to different talams , so that different rhythm aspects are learnt .
Alankara means decoration .
These exercises are groups or patterns of swarams , each of which are set to seven main talams , so that rhythm aspect is also learnt together with different ragams .
Geetham means song or melody .
 Geethams are the first songs that are learnt .
They are very short and are the first exercises where singing lyrics along with their swaram patterns are learnt .
Swarajati lead to learning bigger songs / compositions after learning Geethams .
They are set to different ragams and lead towards learning varnams and kritis .
 Varnam is a type of composition which is suited for vocal exercises of a wide variety of Carnatic music aspects , including slow and fast tempo of singing , both lyrics and swarams .
 Varnam is the most complex of vocal exercises .
 In modern carnatic concerts , Varnam is usually sung as a first song and is supposed to help warm-up .
 Keerthanam or Kriti is the category of most compositions in Carnatic music .
A concert consists mainly of Keerthanams with zero or one of Varnam , Ragam Thanam Pallavi and Thillana included in appropriate order .
 Thillana is a composition consisting of rhythm syllables , like Dheem , thom , tarana and thaani in first two stanzas , followed by a one or two line lyric .
 In instrumental performances , Thillana is a melodic rhythmic piece .
 a Ragam Tanam Pallavi is the first verse in a composition , especially varanams , Keerthanams or Kritis .
Anupallavi is an optional verse that follows the pallavi in a composition , especially keerthanams or kritis .
Charanams are the verse that follow the pallavi or anupallavi .
 Chittaswarams are set swaram phrases , in a composition -LRB- usually a kriti appended to enrich Kriti beauty .
It is sung at the end of the anupallavi and charanam .
Muktayi swarams are the swaram phrases that occur after the anupallavi in tana varnams and which serves as the concluding part of the purvanga .
This is more related to the songs for dance performances , like Bharatanatyam .
Tani avartanam refers to the extended solo that is played by the percussionists in a concert .
 Tukkadas are compositions played towards the end of Carnatic concerts
Ramnad V. Raghavan was a South Indian player of the mridangam .
 Ramnad V. Raghavan was born in Madurai , Tamil Nadu , India , to P. Vaidyanatha Ayyar of Kooniyur , Tirunelveli district , and Brhannayaki .
 Beginning in 1970 , Ramnad V. Raghavan taught for many years at Wesleyan University in Connecticut , United States .
 Ramnad V. Raghavan was also a key initiator for the Cleveland Thyagaraja Aradhana .
 Ramnad V. Raghavan retired and moved to Chennai , India .
 Ramnad V. Raghavan died on November 21 , 2009 at the age of 82 in Chennai .
 Ramnad V. Raghavan students have included Glen Velez , Jamey Haddad , David Nelson , Patricia Shehan Campbell , Frank Bennett , and Joseph M. Getter
Sirkazhi Govindarajan was a leading vocalist in Carnatic Music .
 Sirkazhi Govindarajan , was born at Sangeetha Vidwan Sirkali , a small town in Madras Presidency to Siva Chidambaram and Avayambal Ammal .
 Sangeetha Vidwan Sirkali was the birthplace of Thirugnanasambandar , one of the Samaya Naalvar and the 63 Nayanmar of the Saiva faith .
 Sangeetha Vidwan Sirkali was little wonder that Samaya Naalvar became a child prodigy performing at the Tirupurasundari Temple at the age of eight on the occasion of the Gnana Paal Festival .
 Samaya Naalvar son Sirkazhi G. Sivachidambaram is also a Carnatic singer .
He graduated from the Tamil Isai College in Chennai in 1949 with the Degree Isaimani .
He also graduated with the Degree of Sangeetha Vidwan .
 At the same time , he started rigorous training under his Guru Sri.Thiruppampuram Swaminatha Pillai , who was then a Professor at the Central College of Carnatic Music , Madras .
Under his tutelage and in-depth study , he gained knowledge of the nuances and intricacies of Indian Music , especially , Classical Carnatic Music .
During this period , 1951-1952 , he won many competitions , conducted by the Sangeetha Vidwat Sabha and the Rasika Ranjani Sabha .
He was the proud recipient of three Gold Medals in the austere and hallowed halls of Sangeetha Vidwat Sabha from Karaikudi Sambasiva Iyer .
Sangeetha Vidwan Sirkali won all first places in the three categories : Apoorva Krithis of Sri Thyagaraja swamigal , Ragam-Thanam-Pallavi , and Tamil Classical Songs .
He was conferred the Padma Shri award by the Government of India .
The Central College of Carnatic Music was the next institution for his musical enrichment .
 Sirkazhi Govindarajan had also done playback singing in Tamil , Telugu , Kannada and Malayalam films .
 Madras University conferred a doctorate on Sirkazhi Govindarajan in 1983 .
 Sirkazhi Govindarajan died in 1988 , aged 55
Ariyakudi Ramanuja Iyengar , popularly known as Ariyakudi , was a Carnatic Music vocalist , born in Ariyakudi a town in the Karaikudi district , present Sivaganga district of Tamil Nadu .
Ariyakudi developed unique style of singing came to be known as The Ariyakudi Tradition and is followed by his students .
He established the modern katcheri traditions in Carnatic music .
The doyen of Carnatic Music , Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer is known to have remarked I was greatly influenced by Ariyakudi Ramanuja Iyengar .
 I do not want another life .
 But if there is one , I want to be able to sing like Ramanuja Iyengar .
 And another maestro G N Balasubramaniam , a contemporary of Ariyakudi is known to have prostrated in front of another maestro G N Balasubramaniam out of respect .
 With Palghat Mani Iyer , the Mridangam maestro , Mani Iyer formed a formidable partnership on the concert platform and a remarkable friendship born out of mutual respect .
 Palghat Mani Iyer is to have said Anaa and Iyengarval are like I two eyes .
 In 1954 , he was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Fellowship the highest honour conferred by Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy for Carnatic Music , Dance and Drama .
This was followed by Padma Bhushan by Government of India in 1958 .
 Ariyakudi was born Ariyakudi a town in the Karaikudi district district , present Sivaganga districtof Tamil Nadu , South India in the year 1890 .
He learnt under Pudukottai Malayappa Iyer and Namakkal Narasimha Iyengar in his early years .
Later he learnt for several years under Poochi Srinivasa Iyengar who was the senior most disciple of Patnam Subramania Iyer .
Ariyakudis famous disciples include K V Narayanaswamy , B Rajam Iyer , Alappuzha Venkatesan and Madurai N Krishnan
Ramesh Vinayakam is an Indian music composer and singer .
 Ramesh Vinayakam was born Ramasubramaniam to Tamil people Ramesh Vinayakam and Valli .
 Ramesh Vinayakam went to A. M. Jain College and later graduated in Commerce from the University of Madras .
 Ramesh Vinayakam learned Carnatic from Rukmini Ramani and Western classical music from Jacob John and completed Ramesh Vinayakam studies at the Trinity College , London with a diploma .
 Ramesh Vinayakam said that Ramesh Vinayakam ambition was to become a composer but due to family circumstances he took up a job briefly as a manager in his fathers friends firm .
 At the office , Ramesh Vinayakam would continue writing pieces of music and following an incident that Ramesh Vinayakam considers as the turning point , Ramesh Vinayakam decided to pursue Ramesh Vinayakam dream .
 However , Ramesh Vinayakam was vainly seeking work and trying for a break , until a friend introduced him to S. P. Balasubrahmanyam , who heard his work and hired him as a track singer .
In 1986 , Ramesh Vinayakams first album Prathidhvani was released .
The album was a compilation of devotional songs on 10 deities , all sung by S. P. Balasubrahmanyam .
 Three years later , director Moulee offered director Moulee a Telugu film , Paila Pacheesu and made director Moulee a music director .
 director Moulee worked with Moulee on two more films , Manchi Roju and Aunty starring Shobana and Jayasudha , respectively .
 Subsequently , director Moulee would again look for work and approach various producers and directors .
 Ramesh Vinayakam recalls that nothing happened thereafter and calling it a long and frustrating period .
 In 2002 , director Vasanth eventually signed director Vasanth as one of the five composers for director Vasanth next romantic musical Hey !
Nee Romba Azhaga Irukke .
Ramesh Vinayakams contribution to the ensemble soundtrack was the song Thottu Thottu that was also sung by him .
 The same year he composed for the film University that was his first full-fledged project in Tamil .
The Hindu in its review wrote that the soundtrack album was very strong on melody and definitely worth a listen .
 Although the film was a box office bomb , Ramesh Vinayakam has said Ramesh Vinayakam was glad that University had happened , since it fetched Ramesh Vinayakam Ramesh Vinayakam next project Nala Damayanthi , Ramesh Vinayakam most notable film till date .
Written and produced by Kamal Haasan , it featured Madhavan in the lead .
 For the film , Kamal Haasan further made Kamal Haasan sing an English song in the country genre .
Vinayakam then composed the score and songs for Radha Mohan s maiden feature film Azhagiya Theeye and Jerry written by Crazy Mohan .
He received positive critical response for his work in Azhagiya Theeye in particular .
 Aside from film , Ramesh Vinayakam has primarily worked on devotional music .
 Ramesh Vinayakam composed Ramesh Vinayakam first devotional song at age 12 .
 Since , Ramesh Vinayakam has worked on a number of devotional albums , including Shambo Mahadeva , Krishna Janardhana and Sri Rama Dootam apart from first album Prathidhvani .
 In 2011 , Ramesh Vinayakam composed the theme song for Nadha Vaibhavam , a grand musical event of Sri Sri Ravishankar s Art of Living .
 Ramesh Vinayakam has also composed many jingles and numerous title songs for television , including all of Crazy Radha Mohan s television series .
 Ramesh Vinayakam upcoming projects include the English remake of A Wednesday , titled A Common Man directed by Sri Lankan filmmaker Chandran Rutnam and starring Ben Kingsley , as well as S. P. B. Charan s next production .
Ramesh Vinayakam is a notable singer , too .
 While Ramesh Vinayakam has sung songs in all Ramesh Vinayakam Tamil films , Ramesh Vinayakam has also sung playback for other composers .
 Under Harris Jayaraj s direction , Ramesh Vinayakam had performed the song Yaaridamum from the film Thotti Jaya .
 Ramesh Vinayakam has lent Ramesh Vinayakam voice for songs from the films Bhaiyaa , the dubbed Telugu version of the film Malaikottai , and the low budget flick Kadhal Valarthen , which had music by singer Srinivas .
 In 2010 , Ramesh Vinayakam sang the number Sada Siva from the Telugu film Khaleja for composer Mani Sharma .
 Although the film did not fare well , the song became popular and Ramesh Vinayakam along with N. C. Karunya , who co-sang the song , went on to win several accolades , including the Filmfare Award for Best Male Playback Singer - Telugu .
 In 2012 , Ramesh Vinayakam sang the song Stop The Pattu from Moondru Per Moondru Kaadhal for composer Yuvan Shankar Raja .
Ramesh Vinayakam has been working for several years on a so-called Gamaka box , a way to visually represent and notate the gamaka , which is a type of ornamentation in Indian classical music .
Notation of gamakams is generally not found in the Indian music system and Vinayakams attempt was seen as a possible breakthrough and revolution in carnatic music
Veene Venkatagiriyappa was the son of Venkataramappa , a scholar in the court of the Maharaja of Mysooru .
 Veene Venkatagiriyappa was born on the 26 , April 1887 at Heggadadevanakote in the modern Mysooru district .
 Veene Venkatagiriyappa had Veene Venkatagiriyappa initial musical training under Veene Venkatagiriyappa uncle Chikka Subba Rao , who was also a musician in the Maharaja 's court .
 However , Veene Venkatagiriyappa is supposed to have been deeply impressed by the Veene playing of Veene Sheshanna , took every opportunity to listen to Veene Venkatagiriyappa play and modelled Veene Venkatagiriyappa own style on the great man 's music .
 Later , Veene Venkatagiriyappa had the opportunity to learn from the great man Veene Venkatagiriyappa .
 Veene Sheshanna was impressed by the young man 's talent and taught Veene Sheshanna wholeheartedly .
 Veene Sheshanna also had an introduction to western classical music under the director of the orchestra , one Duffris , maintained by the Maharaja .
 Veene Sheshanna compiled , in twenty volumes , a collection of Carnatic classical compositions rendered using the western musical notation .
 Veene Sheshanna was appointed as a musician in the court of the Maharaja and also as the director of the Indian musical ensemble .
 Veene Sheshanna also taught music in the Maharani 's Girls High School in Mysooru .
 Veene Sheshanna was also appointed the director of the musical examinations conducted by the then Mysooru state .
Three of his pupils attained name and fame in Veene playing - Doreswamy Iyengar , R. N. Doreswamy , M. J. Srinivasa Iyengar and also V. Desikachar a flutist .
 Doreswamy Iyengar is reputed to have been an excellent teacher and a very generous man .
 Doreswamy Iyengar died in 1951 , in abject poverty because of the latter quality
Tillana is a rhythmic piece in Carnatic music that is generally performed at the end of a concert and widely used in dance performances .
A Tillana uses tala-like phrases in the pallavi and anupallavi , and lyrics in the charanam .
 Some have theorized that Some is based on the Hindustani tarana
Khamas or Kamas is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is a janya ragam from the 28th melakarta scale Harikambhoji .
 Carnatic is a janya scale , as Carnatic does not have all the seven swaras in the ascending scale .
It is a scale that evokes Shringara rasa .
 a scale that evokes Shringara rasa is suitable for javali type compositions .
 Khamas is an asymmetric ragam that does not contain rishabham in the ascending scale .
It is a vakra-shadava-sampurna ragam .
Its structure is as follows : .
The notes used in this scale are shadjam , antara gandharam , shuddha madhyamam , panchamam , chathusruthi dhaivatam and kaisiki nishadham in ascending scale , with chathusruthi rishabham included in descending scale .
 For the details of the notations and terms , see swaras in Carnatic music .
 Originally , Khamas was an upanga raga .
 Later with the usage in javalis and other later compositions , the bhashanga type of Khamas came into use .
Kakali nishadam is introduced as anya swara occasionally .
 According to Muthuswami Dikshitar school of music , Khamas is a sampurna raga with no zig-zag notes .
Khamaj of Hindustani Music closely resembles Khamas raga .
The Hindi film song ` Tere Mere Milan Ki ' from the movie Abhimaan is based on Khamaj .
There are many compositions set to Khamas ragam .
Here are some popular kritis composed in this ragam
Lalgudi Vijayalakshmi is a well-known Carnatic violinist , vocalist and composer .
Lalgudi Vijayalakshmi was born in Chennai to violin maestro , Lalgudi Jayaraman .
 Lalgudi Vijayalakshmi brother is also a noted violinist , G.J.R.Krishnan .
 Lalgudi Vijayalakshmi began Lalgudi Vijayalakshmi training under the watchful guidance of Lalgudi Vijayalakshmi illustrious grandfather Lalgudi Gopala Iyer who belonged to the enviable sishya parampara of Tyagaraja himself and later trained under Lalgudi Vijayalakshmi father .
Lalgudi Vijayalakshmi debuted in 1979 .
 Lalgudi Vijayalakshmi travels extensively on musical tours all over the world .
 Lalgudi Vijayalakshmi style like Lalgudi Vijayalakshmi fathers gayaka style closest to vocal rendition .
 Lalgudi Vijayalakshmi performs a lot of duets with Lalgudi Vijayalakshmi brother , a violin player .
The important feature is that one could decipher the sahithya from their performance , whether it was Jananipahi , Smarasada maanasa of Swati Tirunal or Aadamodi galade of Tyagaraja or Govardhanagireesam of Muthuswami Dikshitar
Sangeetha Kalasarathy , is the title awarded yearly by Parthasarathy Swami Sabha for Carnatic Music expert .
It carries a shawl , a citation , a medallion with a cash purse of Rs .

Jalarnavam is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 38th Melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is called Jaganmohanam in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 2nd ragam in the 7th chakra Rishi .
 The mnemonic name is the 7th chakra Rishi .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ra ga mi pa dha ni .
 The mnemonic phrase structure is as follows : .
 As Carnatic is a melakarta ragam , by definition Carnatic is a sampoorna ragam .
 Carnatic is the prati madhyamam equivalent of Ratnangi , which is the 2nd melakarta .
 Jalarnavam has a minor janya ragam associated with Carnatic .
See List of janya ragams for full list of ragams associated with Jalarnavam and other melakarta ragams .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
 Jalarnavams notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields no other melakarta ragam , like all 6 ragams in the the 7th chakra Rishi chakra .
 Only these ragams have a gap of 3 notes anywhere in Only these ragams scale , between G1 to M2 .
Such a gap does not occur in any other melakarta by definition .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam
Natabhairavi is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Natabhairavi is the 20th melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system .
 Natabhairavi corresponds to the natural minor scale of western music system .
 Natabhairavi corresponds to the Asavari thaat of Hindustani music .
In the Muthuswami Dikshitar school this ragam is called Nariritigowla .
 Natabhairavi is known to be a ragam that incites feelings of grandeur and devotion in the listeners .
 Natabhairavi is the 2nd ragam in the 4th chakra Veda .
The mnemonic name is Veda-Sri .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ri gi ma pa dha ni .
 The mnemonic phrase structure is as follows : .
It is a sampoorna ragam - ragam having all 7 swarams .
It is the shuddha madhyamam equivalent of Shanmukhapriya , which is the 56th melakarta .
 Nariritigowla is the 20th Melakarta in the original list compiled by Venkatamakhin .
The notes used in the scale are the same , but the scales have vakra prayoga .
 Natabhairavi has a number of popular janya ragams such as Bhairavi , Anandabhairavi , Saramati , Jaunpuri , Hindolam and Jayanthasree .
 See List of janya ragams for a full list of Natabhairavi janya ragams .
 Sri Valli Devasena pathe is a popular composition in Natabhairavi , composed by Papanasam Sivan .
Parulaseva by Poochi Srinivasa Iyengar is another well known composition in this ragam .
Upacaharamu jeseva , composed by Thyagaraja is also popular .
 Muthuswami Dikshitar s composition Sri Neelotpalanayike is set to Nariritigowla .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
 Natabhairavi notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 5 other major melakarta ragams , namely , Kalyani , Kalyani , Sankarabharanam , , .
Hanumatodi , Kharaharapriya and Harikambhoji .
 For further details and an illustration of Graha bhedam of this ragam refer Graha bhedam on Kalyani , Sankarabharanam , .
 Even though Natabhairavi has quite evenly spaced swara sthanas like the other 5 in this group , Natabhairavi has not found as much importance in concerts .
 One is likely to find Kalyani , Todi , Kalyani , Sankarabharanam , and Karaharapriya as the main ragam in concerts , more often than Natabhairavi by a big count
Venkatamakhin also known as Venkateshwara , was a prominent musicologist and composer of Carnatic music ; renowned for his Chaturdandi Prakashika in which he explicates the melakarta system of classifying ragas .
Venkatamakhin composed geethams and prabandhas , as well as 24 ashtapadis in praise of Lord Thyagaraja of Tiruvarur .
Venkatamakhin was the son of Govinda Dikshita , a Kannada Brahmin from Mysore .
Govinda Dikshita himself was a scholar and musicologist , as well as a minister in the kingdom of Thanjavur .
Venkatamakhin received his formal training under his elder brother , Yagnanarayana Dikshita .
 Dr.Padma Murthy , noted musicologist has said in many of Govinda Dikshita himself speeches that Sri Ganapathy Sachchidananda Swamiji of Mysore is related to Venkatamakhin
 Shamalangi or Shyamalangi is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 It is the 55th melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 It is called in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
It is the 1st ragam in the 10th chakra Disi .
The mnemonic name is Disi-Pa .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ri gi mi pa dha na .
 The mnemonic phrase structure is as follows : .
Shamalangis swaras are chathusruthi rishabham , sadharana gandharam , prati madhyamam , shuddha dhaivatham and shuddha nishadham .
As it is a melakarta ragam , by definition it is a sampoorna ragam .
It is the prati madhyamam equivalent of Jhankaradhwani , which is the 19th melakarta scale .
Shamalangi has a couple of minor janya ragams associated with it .
See List of janya ragams for janya ragams associated with Shamalangi .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Shamalangis notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 2 minor melakarta ragams Ganamoorti and Vishwambari .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Ganamoorti
 Anandan Sivamani , popularly known as S. M. Anandan , a Chennai , is a percussionist based in India .
 S. M. Anandan , a Chennai plays many instruments including drums , octoban , darbuka , udukai , and kanjira .
 S. M. Anandan , a Chennai performed drumming during the IPL Championships in 2008 and 2010 .
 S. M. Anandan , a Chennai is affiliated with the Chennai Super Kings team , but gained recognition through S. M. Anandan , a Chennai role as A. R. Rahman s lead percussionist .
 S. M. Anandan , a Chennai is the son of S. M. Anandan , a Chennai - based percussionist .
 S. M. Anandan , a Chennai began drumming at the age of seven .
 S. M. Anandan , a Chennai started S. M. Anandan , a Chennai musical career at the age of 11 , and later shifted to Mumbai .
 S. M. Anandan , a Chennai was inspired by Noel Grant and Billy Cobham .
 S. M. Anandan , a Chennai has played for M.S.Viswanathan , Illayaraja , A R A. R. Rahman and others .
 In 1990 , S. M. Anandan , a Chennai shared the stage with Billy Cobham at Mumbais Rang Bhavan .
 S. M. Anandan , a Chennai has stated that S. P. Balasubrahmanyam is S. P. Balasubrahmanyam godfather .
Sivamanis earliest experiments with music were with Carnatic maestros including Kunnakudi Vaidyanathan , T. V. Gopalakrishnan , Valliyapatti Subramaniam and Pazhanivel , and L. Shankar .
 The tabla player Zakir Hussain invited The tabla player Zakir Hussain to share the stage with The tabla player Zakir Hussain and Trilok Gurtu at a fusion concert in Mumbai .
 S. M. Anandan , a Chennai has since collaborated with several musicians including Louis Banks .
 S. M. Anandan , a Chennai has done world tours with A. R. Rahman and collaborated with S. M. Anandan , a Chennai for Bombay Dreams .
 S. M. Anandan , a Chennai has also been a part of a musical group called Shraddha which comprises Shankar Mahadevan , Hariharan , U. Srinivas and Loy Mendonsa .
Shivamani has a band called Asia Electrik with Niladri Kumar , Louiz Banks and Ravi Chari .
 Shivamani also plays at another world music band named Silk & Shrada .
 S. M. Anandan , a Chennai has played drums for many film score composers hailing from Tamil Nadu .
 S. M. Anandan , a Chennai has played drums for many Indian films including Roja , Rang De Basanti , Swades , Taal , Lagaan , Dil Se .

, Guru , Kabul Express and Rockstar .
Some of the songs that he has contributed to include Kadhal Rojave , Pudhu Vellai Malai Chaiya Chaiya and Nadaan Parinde .
 S. M. Anandan , a Chennai has performed in Dubai , Moscow , New York , Doha and Toronto .
 During the Mumbai Festival 2005 , Coca-Cola India invited S. M. Anandan , a Chennai to perform at the Limca Fresh Face 2005 event , where S. M. Anandan , a Chennai created melody from Limca bottles .
 S. M. Anandan , a Chennai has also worked on Galli Galli Sim Sim , an educational series on Pogo and Cartoon Network .
 S. M. Anandan , a Chennai is the recipient of Kalaimamani award announced by the Tamil Nadu Government in 2009
Manakkal Rangarajan is a Carnatic music singer who hails from the village of Manakkal in Trichy District .
 Manakkal Rangarajan father was the late Santhana Krishna Bhagavathar .
 the late Santhana Krishna Bhagavathar has been singing for the past six decades and is still performing past the late Santhana Krishna Bhagavathar 80th year .
 the late Santhana Krishna Bhagavathar is a specialist in brigas , rare ragas and pallavis .
 the late Santhana Krishna Bhagavathar has performed all over India and abroad and has been accompanied by vidwans like Mysore T. Chowdiah , Kumbakonam Rajamanickam Pillai , Palghat Mani Iyer and Palani Subramaniam Pillai .
 Manakkal Rangarajan has performed at Saint Tyagaraja music festival at Thiruvaiyaru for the past sixty years without a gap .
 Manakkal Rangarajan is the only musician who has sung in AIR Chennai since its inception without repeating a single song .
 Manakkal Rangarajan has the distinction of giving rare pallavi demonstrations at the Madras Music Academy using both hands for Thalam , comprising different Nadais
Rama Ravi is a Carnatic vocalist and recipient of the Sangita Kala Acharya award from the Madras Music Academy .
Rama Ravi was born to Thulasi and M.R. Subramania Iyer , on 12 February 1943 in Chennai .
 In Rama Ravi early years , Rama Ravi was under the tutelage of Rama Ravi mother Thulasi , who was a student of Parur Sundaram Iyer .
 Later Rama Ravi joined the Kalakshetra , where Rama Ravi was a student of Mysore Vasudevachar , Budalur Krishnamurthi Sastrigal , M. D. Ramanathan , and T.K. Ramaswamy Iyengar .
 Rama Ravi also studied the Bharata Natyam Indian dance form at Kalakshetra under the tutelage of Rukmini Devi Arundale , Sarada Hoffman , and Periya Sarada .
 Rama Ravi has a Bachelors degree and a Masters degree in Indian Music from Stella Maris College in Chennai .
 Rama Ravi M.Litt dissertation was titled Graces Figuring in South Indian Music .
 Rama Ravi was awarded the Muthuswamy Dikshitar Bicentenary Fellowship by the Sangeet Natak Academy , during which Rama Ravi specialized in Dikshitar Kritis under B. Rajam Iyer .
 Rama Ravi has also studied the Dhanammal school of music with T. Brinda , T. Muktha and music historian T. Sankaran .
 Rama Ravi is also trained in Hindustani music having studied under Vinay Chandra Mudgalya .
 Rama Ravi has also studied the veena and mridangam .
Rama Ravi has performed in Sangeet Sammelan recitals , and has also appeared in national programs on Doordarshan and All India Radio .
 Rama Ravi has also performed at the Paris Autumn Festival and at the Navaratri festival at the Isha Yoga Center in 2013 .
 Rama Ravi was also a part of the Carnatic music camp organized by the International Foundation for Carnatic Music .
 Rama Ravi is a Grade A artist of the All India Radio .
 In 2011 , Rama Ravi was chosen by the Music Academy in Chennai to receive the Sangita Kala Acharya award at its eighty-fifth annual conference , which was presented to Sangita Kala Acharya in 2012 by the former Governor of the Reserve Bank of India , Y. Venugopal Reddy .
 Rama Ravi is married to S. Ravi ; their daughter , Nandita Ravi , is also a Carnatic vocalist
Karnataka is a state of India with a long tradition of innovation in the fields of both Carnatic and Hindustani classical music .
 Basaveshwara , King of Kalyana , leader of the Bhakti movement and Prime Minister of Bijjala , created Basaveshwara Vachanas , an integral part of the Indian classical music s development during this period , which also saw the rise of composers like Chandraja , Shantala , Akka Mahadevi and Allama .
Later , Vidyaranya s Sangitasara , Ventamakhin s Chaturdandi Prakashika and Chaturkallinatha s Sangitaratnakara further refined these traditions .
 With the rise of Vaishnavism and the Haridasa movement came prominent composers from Karnataka like Purandaradasa , Kanakadasa , Vijaya Dasa and Jagannathadasa .
The Wodeyars of Mysore were great patrons of the arts .
In earlier times , Sangeeta Shaastra followed the `` Guru-Shishya '' tradition , and there did not exist any written text .
 First classical music began as abhyasa , and South Indian classical music was only later that shaastras were formed .
 It is estimated that only during the period of Bharatamuni were the theories of sangeeta documented for the First time , and this was termed as `` Naatya Shaastra '' .
For a considerable period of time it was one of the only authoritative treatise for the whole of India .
After that , independent growth of classical music occurred across different parts of India , in different forms .
 Around 1200 CE , a scholar by name `` Shaarjnadeva '' wrote a treatise , which was named as `` Sangeeta Ratnakara '' - an Indian musical treaty that is considered to be the First documented work on South Indian classical music .
 a scholar by name `` Shaarjnadeva '' hailed from Devagiri , which was at the time a part of Karnataka .
 Later , in 1350 CE , South Indian classical music obtained a well-defined structure through the works of Maadhava and VidhyaraNya .
Apart from strengthening the sangeeta shaastras by writing `` Sangeeta Saara '' , they were also ministers of the Vijayanagara Empire , and Heads of Shringeri Mutt .
 Carnatic music saw renewed growth during the Vijayanagar Empire by the Kannada Haridasa movement of Vyasaraja , Purandara Dasa , Kanakadasa and others .
 Among the Kannada Haridasa movement , Purandara Dasa who is known as the Sangeeta Pitamaha , is credited with the founding of the system of teaching Carnatic music .
Others of the Haridasa movement , helped shaped the music .
 of Others of the Haridasa movement time and prepared for the future by influencing some of the composers who came after Others of the Haridasa movement .
Thyagaraja acknowledges .
the influence of Purandaradasa .
 Tulajaji , the Maharashtra ruler of Tanjore , writes of the music of the Haridasa in Tulajaji book Sangita Saramrita , and venerates Vyasaraya and Purandaradasa as great composers .
 Around 1650 AD , Raghunatha Nayaka wrote `` Sangeeta Sudha '' , where Raghunatha Nayaka has quoted a lot about `` Sangeeta Saara '' by Maadhava - VidhyaraNya .
Govinda Dikshitas son was the renowned Venkatamakhin , who is credited with the classification of ragas in the Melakarta System , and he wrote his most important work ; Chaturdandi Prakasika in Sanskrit .
Kshetrajna who wrote `` Shrungaara padas '' was also living at this time .
During the time of VidhyaraNaya , there were 15 meLakarta raagas , which became 22 during the time of Venkatamakhin .
Apart from above mentioned theorists , many other theorists like Kallinatha , Raamaamaatya , Somanatha , etc. have contributed a lot to the development of Carnatic music .
 The development of Carnatic music in Karnataka , from Sharngadeva to Venkatamakhin , resulted in further expansion and establishment of Carnatic music
, is a ragam in Carnatic music .
It is an audava ragam .
It is a janya ragam , as it does not have all the seven swaras .
is a symmetric ragam that does not contain rishabham or nishadam .
It is a pentatonic scale .
Its structure is as follows : .
is considered a janya ragam of Harikambhoji , the 28th Melakarta ragam , though it can be derived from other melakarta ragams , Chakravakam , Sooryakantam , Shankarabharanam , Vagadheeswari or Shoolini , by dropping both rishabham and nishadam .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
s notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields another popular pentatonic ragam , Hamsadhwani .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 For more details and illustration of this concept refer Graha bhedam on Hamsadhwani
 Sri Vyasatirtha , also called Vyasaraja or Vyasaraya or Vyasaraja swamin or Chandrikacharya , was acclaimed as one of the three spiritual lights or munitrayam of dvaita Vedanta , i.e. , Sri Madhvacharya , Sri Jayatirtha and Sri Vyasatirtha .
 Sri Vyasatirtha was a scholar of very high order with a judicious defence of the Dvaita Vedanta against all rival schools of thought .
 Sri Vyasatirtha also brought the Haridasa cult , historically believed to be propagated by Sri Narahari Tirtha , into limelight .
 Sri Vyasatirtha belonged to the Dvaita school of Sri Madhvacharya .
 Sri Vyasatirtha , along with Jayatirtha , helped systematize Dvaita into an established school of Vedic thought .
Vyasatirthas genius lay in his clear understanding and exposition of all his opposing schools of thought , for which even his opponents admired him .
He was a master at debate and dialogue in logic and philosophy .
 Till the publication of the Vyasayogicharita of the poet Somanatha , the world had no idea of the part played by Sri Vyasatirtha in the history of the Vijayanagara empire .
 the Vyasayogicharita was born in Bannur in and about 1460 in the Mysore District in what is now the modern Karnataka state .
 the Vyasayogicharita was one of the foremost dialecticians in the history of Indian philosophy .
 Channapatna Rallanna Sumati father Rallanna Sumati , of kashyapa gotra , was the youngest of the six sons of Ramacharya .
 By blessings of Brahmanya Tirtha of Channapatna Rallanna Sumati had three children born to Brahmanya Tirtha of Channapatna - a girl and two boys .
The youngest was Yatiraja the future Vyasaraja swamin .
 the traditional thread ceremony or upanayana at age of seven , for four years afterwards , Yatiraja the future Vyasaraja swamin was at Yatiraja the future Vyasaraja swamin gurukula whence Yatiraja the future Vyasaraja swamin home at eleven .
 There Yatiraja the future Vyasaraja swamin went through the complete course of studies in kAvya , nATaka , alaMkAra and grammar , which must have covered at least a period of five years .
 As per the promise made by Channapatna Rallanna Sumati , Channapatna Rallanna Sumati Channapatna Rallanna Sumati took Channapatna Rallanna Sumati son to Brahmanya Tirtha of Channapatna and presented Channapatna Rallanna Sumati to Brahmanya Tirtha and returned home .
 Very much impressed with the superior attainment of Channapatna Rallanna Sumati ward , Brahmanya Tirtha ordained Channapatna Rallanna Sumati ward Yatiraja a monk and gave Channapatna Rallanna Sumati the name Vyasatirtha .
 Assuming that Channapatna Rallanna Sumati was sixteen years old at the time of demise of Channapatna Rallanna Sumati Guru , we may easily fix the date of birth of Sri Vyasatirtha in or about 1460 .
 Sri Vyasatirtha did not had any time studying much under Sri Vyasatirtha Guru Brahmanya .
 Sri Vyasatirtha was obliged , soon after Sri Vyasatirtha succession to the head of the maTHa , to go to Kanchi , the center of the vedic studies in South India , in those days , where Sri Vyasatirtha is said to have stayed for many years studying six systems of philosophy , under the most eminent pandits there .
 It was probably here that Sri Vyasatirtha acquired Sri Vyasatirtha deep erudition in the systems of Sankara , Ramanuja , Bhatta and others .
 After the completion of Sri Vyasatirtha studies at Kanchi , Sri Vyasatirtha went over to the seat of Shripadaraja at Mulbhagal .
 There Sri Vyasatirtha spent many years in study and meditation .
 Sri Vyasatirtha is believed to have studied for several years under Shripadaraja .
 Sri Vyasatirtha was extremely influential in the Vijayanagar Empire .
 Sri Vyasatirtha initially came to limelight in the court of Saluva Narasimha in Chandragiri where Sri Vyasatirtha defeated many scholars with Sri Vyasatirtha masterly debates .
 Sri Vyasatirtha headed the Tirupati Temple during the time 1486-1498 .
 At the pressing and repeated invitations of ministers of Saluva Narasimha , Saluva Narasimha in Chandragiri moved to Vijayanagara and spent the rest of Saluva Narasimha in Chandragiri life there .
 The accession of Shri Krishnadevaraya in 1509 opened up a new chapter of the glory in the life of Sri Vyasatirtha .
 It was during the time of the King Krishnadevaraya that Sri Vyasatirtha saw the peak of Sri Vyasatirtha influence over the empire .
 The king had the greatest regard and respect for Sri Vyasatirtha and regarded King as nothing less than King kuladevata .
 This is very beautifully narrated by the poet Somanatha in the poet Somanatha biography on Sri Vyasatirtha .
 The evidence of a clear statement to the effect that King regarded Sri Vyasatirtha as King Guru is still saved as a palm leaf fragment , Madras .
 The two foreign travellers Paes and Nuniz who travelled along the Vijayanagara empire give accounts of how the King Krishnadevaraya regarded the King Krishnadevaraya Guru .
 Nuniz in Paes catalog says that King of Bisnaga listened everyday to the preachings of a learned Brahmin who never married nor touched a woman .
 The description points unmistakably to Sri Vyasatirtha .
Nunizs remarks are fully corroborated by Somanathas biography .
 the poet Somanatha writes that , before starting on the poet Somanatha Raichur expedition , the King Krishnadevaraya performed a ritual ceremony ratnabhisheka to the poet Somanatha Guru Vyasatirtha in year 1520 and gifted the poet Somanatha with many villages .
 the poet Somanatha goes on to say that after the death of Krishnadevaraya in year 1530 , Achutaraya continued to honor Vyasatirtha for some years .
It was in Achutarayas reign that the image of Yogavarada Narasimha was set up by Vyasatirtha in the courtyard of the Vittalaswami temple at Hampi in 1532 .
 Seven years later , Sri Vyasatirtha died at Vijayanagara on the fourth day of the dark fortnight of Phalguna , in Vilambi , corresponding to Saturday , 8 March 1539 .
The data is given by Shri Puranadadasa in one of his songs .
 Shri Puranadadasa in one of his songs mortal remains are entombed at Nava Brundavana , an island on Tungabhadra river , about half a mile east of Anegondi .
 Sri Vyasatirtha was almost the second Founder of the system of Madhva .
 The learned Appayya Diksita is reported to have observed that the great Vyasatirtha saved the melon of Madhvaism from bursting , by securing the melon of Madhvaism with three bands in the form of Madhvaism three great works - the Nyayamrutha , Chandrika and Tarka-Tandava .
 There is a tradition that when the North Indian Logician Pakshadhara Mishra visited Mulbhagal , he had spoken most appreciatively of Vyasatirtha .
Shri Vyasatirtha was a thinker of high order .
 Sri Vyasatirtha was essentially warm-hearted and felt Sri Vyasatirtha as at home on the naked peaks of intellect and in the unfathomed depths of mystic consciousness and devotion to God .
 The biography of Sri Vyasatirtha gives several accounts of Sri Vyasatirtha kind-heartedness .
 Sri Vyasatirtha was also honoured by Delhi Sultan Bahlul Khan Lodi and Adil Shah of Bijapur with green umbrellas and other symbols of their respective kingdom.He treated Basavabhatta whom Sri Vyasatirtha vanquished in debate with exemplary kindness and regards .
 Sri Vyasatirtha allowed Sri Vyasatirtha preachings to take their gentle course of persuasion and disliked proselytization for the sake of numbers .
 Sri Vyasatirtha did not misuse Sri Vyasatirtha influence with Kings to make Sri Vyasatirtha faith the state religion .
This attitude deserves to be contrasted with that of the Shrivaishnavas , reported in the prappannamruta .
 Vyasathirta installed 732 Hanuman idols all over India , both Purandaradasa .
 Sri Vyasatirtha was a Psalmist in his mother tongue Kannada and had composed many beautiful songs in Sri Vyasatirtha mother tongue Kannada .
 More than even for Sri Vyasatirtha own compositions , Sri Vyasatirtha name will have to be invested with special significance as that of a person who gave to India , both Purandaradasa , both Purandaradasa , Kanakadasa , the father of Carnatic music , and Kanakadasa , disciples of Vyasaraya , disciples of Vyasaraya .
Those who know anything about the history of great haridasas and their literature will have no difficulty in realizing service rendered by Vyasatirtha to the cause of popular religion and cultural revival .
 The influence of Sri Vyasatirtha was felt far beyond the limits of Karnataka , in the heart of distant Bengal .
 It is now fairly well known that the Bhakti movement of Chaitanya who flourished wholly within the lifetime of Sri Vyasatirtha , owed a great deal of its inspiration to philosophy of Madhva and its exposition by Sri Vyasatirtha .
 If properly viewed , the influence of Sri Vyasatirtha would be seen to have brought about a glorious religious renaissance in the 16th century , simultaneously in the north and in the south India .
 There was a huge family of students to Sri Vyasatirtha Tirtha.To name a few are Purandaradasa , Kanakadasa , Kanakadasa , disciples of Vyasaraya , .
Vadiraja Tirtha , Sreenivasa Thirtha , Vijayendra Thirtha , Somanatha Kavi , Govinda Wodeyar .
 In Sreenivasa Thirtha magnum opus , Sri Vyasatirtha has undertaken a complete vindication of the philosophical power and prestige of the realistic metaphysics of Madhva , together with a discussion of its concomitant problems .
 Sreenivasa Thirtha goes through a long and arduous process of thought-dissection , to show that the thesis of Monism can not be proved and that there is no philosophical justification for rejecting the reality of the world and its experiences established by all known means of proof and knowledge .
 In Sreenivasa Thirtha own inimitable way , Sri Vyasatirtha has undertaken thorough and up to date examination of Sreenivasa Thirtha school and Nyaya-Vaishesika .
 This is more familiar by name Chandrika , is a discursive commentary on Jayatirthas Tatva-prkakAshika and pertains to the Sutra Prasthana of the Dvaita Vedanta.Vyasatirtha also became famous as Chandrika as he authored the famous work Tatparya Chandrika .
This is a short work in 275 granthas and as the name itself suggests , is intended to resuscitate Bheda or difference that has been sought to be stifled by monists .
Sattarkavilasa is a book known to us only through cross reference .
 The place of Sri Vyasatirtha in the Dvaita philosophy and Dvaita system .
 As Shri BNK Sharma says , Sri Vyasatirtha is the prince of the Dialecticians of the Dvaita systems .
 Sri Vyasatirtha carried forward the work of Sri Vyasatirtha distinguished predecessors : Madhva , Sri Jayatirtha and Vishnudasa and explored and exhausted all the technical and Shastric possibilities of making the doctrines and interpretations of Sri Vyasatirtha school , impregnable and invulnerable to attacks from any quarter .
 Dr Dasagupta pays Dr Dasagupta the highest tribute the modern historian of Indian philosophy could pay when he says that the logical skill and depth of acute dialectical thinking shown by Sri Vyasatirtha , stands almost unrivaled in the whole of Indian thought .
 Dr Dasagupta also follows the example of great dialecticians like Udayana , Shriharhsa and Chitsuka in summing up the discussion of the topic at the end of the sections in pithy samgrahashlokas .
 Sri Vyasatirtha has thus enlarged the scope and vision of Madhva shastra and Madhva shastra commentaries with the exegetical apparatus of nyAya , vyAkaraNa and mImAMsa shAstrAs and expanded the significance of the original texts of Sri Vyasatirtha school in light of nyAya , vyAkaraNa and mImAMsa methodology .
 Sri Vyasatirtha Tatparya-chandrika is a commentary , only in name ; in effect , His Tatparya-chandrika is a scintillating critical and comparative study of the interpretation of the Brahmasutras according to the Bhashyas of the three main schools of Vedanta .
 His Tatparya-chandrika powerful flow of arguments and breathtaking points of criticism are such as to leave the modern scholar and critic , grappling with the Sutras and their commentaries , dumb with astonishment at the masterly way in which Sri Vyasatirtha has successfully probed the problem of the interpretation of Sutras .
The tradition rightly regards him , with Madhva and Jayatirtha as constituting the trinity of authorities on Madhva siddhanta .
 He showed to the philosophical world that the system of Madhva was not just an effervescence of Puranic Hinduism or merely revival of Bhakti cult but a mighty philosophical movement of thought and a well laid metaphysical structure that could hold an effervescence of Puranic Hinduism own against other speculative systems in the field , for richness and depth of thought and fineness of the speculative content .
 The age of Sri Vyasatirtha was , thus , the most glorious epoch in the history if Dvaita school and The age of Vyasatirtha literature and philosophy and has not been rivaled , either before or after Sri Vyasatirtha for so much all-round distinction , progress and development .
 The political influence of the Madhva school also rose to its highest level under Sri Vyasatirtha .
 Sri Vyasatirtha enjoyed the closest affection , and commanded the highest esteem of the great Hindu emperor of South India , the King Krishnadevaraya
Namanarayani is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 50th Melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is called Namadeshi in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 2nd ragam in the 9th chakra Brahma .
The mnemonic name is Brahma-Sri .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ra gu mi pa dha ni .
 The mnemonic phrase structure is as follows : .
 As Carnatic is a melakarta ragam , by definition Carnatic is a sampoorna ragam .
 Carnatic is the prati madhyamam equivalent of Vakulabharanam , which is the 14th melakarta .
 Namanarayani has a few minor derived scales associated with Carnatic .
See List of janya ragams for full list of scales associated with Namanarayani and other melakarta ragams .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Namanarayanis notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields no other melakarta ragam .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam
Devagandhari is a raga in Indian classical music .
 In the carnatic classical music , Devagandhari is a janya raga , whose melakarta raga is Shankarabharanam , 29th in the 72 Melakarta raga system .
It is also there in the Sikh tradition of northern India and is part of the Guru Granth Sahib .
Devagandhari ragam is an owdava-vakra-sampurna raga meaning , in arohana 5 swaras come and in avarohana all swaras come , and there is a zigzag pattern of notes .
The notes used in this ragam are shadjam , chatushruti rishabham , antara gandharam , shuddha madhyamam , panchamam , chatushruti dhaivatam and kakili nishadam .
This ragam sometimes includes the kaishika nishadam .
The closest raga to this one is Arabhi .
 Some of the things that makes Arabhi different are : .
 Here are some more compositions set to Devagandhari .
 In the Sikh tradition from northern India the Sikh tradition of northern India is part of the Guru Granth Sahib .
 Every raga has a strict set of rules which govern the number of notes that can be used ; which notes can be used ; and Here interplay that has to be adhered to for the composition of a tune .
In the Guru Granth Sahib , the Sikh holy Granth , there are a total of 31 raga compositions and this raga is the sixth raga to appear in the series .
The composition in this raga appear on a total of 10 pages from page numbers 527 to 537 .
 Today Devagandhari is a rare , little known , ancient raga .
 Devagandhari performance time is the morning hours .
Historically it has had three forms ; the less ornamented type is described here .
 In the Ragmala , Devagandhari is a ragini of Malkaunsa .
 Today Ragmala belongs to the Asavari thata .
 Ragmala mood is one of prayerful supplication presenting a heroic effect .
The texts set to this raga reveal a heroic search for these qualities which lead one to the Lord .
This raga was used primarily by Guru Arjan .
 Forty-Seven hymns were composed to Forty-Seven including three by Guru Tegh Bahadar and six by Guru Ram Das
The venu is a bamboo transverse flute used in the Carnatic music .
It is also called by various other names such as pullankuzhal in Tamil , pullaangkullll in Malayalam , and kolllu in Kannada .
It is known as pillana grovi or Venuvu in Telugu .
One of the oldest musical instruments of India , the instrument is a key-less transverse flute made of bamboo .
The fingers of both hands are used to close and open the holes .
It has a blowing hole near one end , and eight closely placed finger holes .
The instrument comes in various sizes .
The venu is capable of producing two and half octaves with the help of over-blowing and cross fingering .
The flute is like the human voice in that it is monophonous and also has a typical two and half octave sound reproduction .
Sliding the fingers on and off the holes allows for a great degree of ornamentation , important in the performance of raga - based music .
The flute finds great mention in Indian mythology and folklore having been listed as among the 3 original instruments meant for music along with the Saraswati veena and mridangam .
However it is strange that there is no name mentioned for the typical flute that the Lord plays .
The venu is associated with the Hindu god Krishna , who is often depicted playing it .
This kind of flute is mainly used in South India.The Lord Vishnu is portrayed as Sri Venugopala - playing the flute of Creation
Govinda Rao Harishankar , was a player of the kanjira , a tambourine-like frame drum used in the Carnatic music of South India .
 To date , Govinda Rao Harishankar is the only kanjira player to be awarded the Sangeet Natak Academy Award , the highest national recognition given to performing artists .
 Govinda Rao Harishankar received Govinda Rao Harishankar initial training under Govinda Rao Harishankar father Govinda Rao .
 Govinda Rao Harishankar later learnt under Ramanathapuram C S Murugabhoopathy & then under Palghat Mani Iyer .
 Govinda Rao Harishankar was a staff artist of the All India Radio , Chennai .
 Some of Govinda Rao Harishankar best performances in albums were with the Sruthilaya group along with Karaikudi R Mani on the mridangam , T V Vasan on the ghatam , and Srirangam Kannan on the morsing .
 Some of his best performances in albums performed on several albums including Laya Chithra , Sruthilaya , and Grand Finale .
 Some of his best performances in albums is considered by many as the greatest kanjira performer to date .
 Some of his best performances in albums main students are Bangalore Amrit , C.P.Vyasa Vittala , Nerkunam Shankar & S.Thyagarajan .
 Multiple sources say Some of his best performances in albums had albinism , though many photos show Some of his best performances in albums with dyed-dark hair
Palghat Kollengode Viswanatha Ramanarayanan , often referred to as KV Narayanaswamy was an Indian musician , widely considered to be among the finest Carnatic music vocalists of the 20th century .
He was described as the Gentle Perfect Knight of Carnatic music , a phrase from Geoffrey Chaucer , by V. K. Narayana Menon , prominent art critic of India and recipient of the Sangeet Natak Akademi Fellowship .
 KVN was born to Kollengode Viswanathayyar and Muthulakshmi Ammal in Palghat , Kerala , to a Palakkad Iyer family , a district renowned for Kerala cultural and musical traditions , on the 15th of November , 1923 .
 KV Narayanaswamy was born into a family of illustrious musicians and artists .
 KV Narayanaswamy great-grandfather Viswam Bhagavatar was renowned for His great-grandfather Viswam Bhagavatar evocative Ashtapadis and rendered services for Maharaja Ayilyam Thirunal , ruler of the princely state of Travancore from 1860 to 1880 .
In return Viswam Bhagavatar was bestowed with government aid and hereditary royal privileges .
 Viswam Bhagavatars son , Narayana Bhagavatar continued Viswam Bhagavatars son fathers legacy .
 Viswam Bhagavatars son son was violin maestro , Kollengode Viswanathayyar , KVNs father .
 K.V.Narayanaswamy learned basic music lessons under K.V.Narayanaswamy father and grandfather .
 After studying in Palghat till the fifth form , K.V.Narayanaswamy moved to Coimbatore , where K.V.Narayanaswamy briefly dabbled in theater .
 K.V.Narayanaswamy even managed a role as the young Kanappan in the movie Kannappa Nayanar .
The movie bombed at the box office .
KVN first began extensive training under Mridangam maestro , Padma Bhushan , Palghat Mani Iyer .
 Mani Iyer proceeded to place K.V.Narayanaswamy under the tutelage of Sangeetakalacharya C.S. Krishna Iyer , a highly competent vocalist , musicologist and composer in Palghat , and then under violinist and Sangeetha Kalanidhi Papa Venkataramiah .
Viswanatha Bhagavatar was however very keen that KVN should train under Sangeetha Kalanidhi .
Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar or Sangeetha Kalanidhi Padma Bhushan Ariyakudi Ramanuja Iyengar , who were two of the four most dominant musicians of the first half of the twentieth century along with the likes of Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer and G. N. Balasubramaniam .
 Mani Iyer soon judged KVN to be ready for gurukulavasam under Ariyakudi and in 1942 , K.V.Narayanaswamy took the giant step .
 doyens Palghat Mani Iyer entered the home of Ariyakudi Ramanuja Iyengar and remained an ardent disciple until the latters death in 1967 .
 KVNs major break came at a Madras Music Academy concert in 1954 , when doyens Palghat Mani Iyer was unexpectedly forced to substitute doyens Palghat Mani Iyer Guru , Ariyakudi Ramanuja Iyengar who was not in a position to attend the conference under unforeseen circumstances .
Accompanied by doyens Palghat Mani Iyer and Papa Venkataramayya , this concert proved to be a milestone in Narayanaswamys career .
 The training under Palghat Mani Iyer allowed K.V.Narayanaswamy to develop a solid knowledge of rhythmic nuances .
 This in turn would enable doyens Palghat Mani Iyer to be at ease in the company of such legends of percussion as Palani Subramaniam Pillai , Palghat R. Raghu , Mavelikkara Velukkutty Nair , and Umayalpuram K. Sivaraman to name a few .
 K.V.Narayanaswamy , Palghat R. Raghu and violin maestro T.N.Krishnan would soon become a frequent and much admired combination on stage .
 K.V.Narayanaswamy was intimately connected to the Travancore Royal Family following K.V.Narayanaswamy skillful rendition of Swathi Thirunal Rama Varma s Navaratri compositions .
 Another landmark in KVNs life came in 1964 when K.V.Narayanaswamy participated in the East-West Encounter concerts in New Delhi .
This was followed by a widely acclaimed concert at the Edinburgh Festival in Scotland in 1965 .
 On being made professor of music at Wesleyan University , Middletown , Connecticut , between 1965-67 , Professor went on a coast-to-coast concert tour of USA .
 Professor was one of four artists including Bismillah Khan , Ali Akbar Khan , and Ravi Shankar who participated in the hugely popular Hollywood Bowl music festival in Los Angeles in the summer of 1967 .
 In 1974 , K.V.Narayanaswamy went to teach in Berkeley , California for a year , in the company of dancer Balasaraswati and sitarist Nikhil Banerjee .
 Invited by the American Society of Eastern Arts , K.V.Narayanaswamy traveled to North America , Europe and Australia multiple times thereafter on various concert tours .
 K.V.Narayanaswamy also joined the Music College in Madras as a lecturer in 1962 when Musiri Subramania Iyer was the Music College in Madras principal , and retired as Professor of Music in 1982 .
 In 1984 , KV Narayanaswamy was to become the first Indian musician to be awarded the Fulbright Scholarship and went to San Diego State University in Berkeley , California for a year as an artist-in-residence under the scholarship .
 For nine months KV Narayanaswamy taught at the university and gave performances all over North America .
 Though Narayanaswamys singing bore KV Narayanaswamy master Ariyakudis Bani , over the years he evolved a unique style of his own .
Strict classicism and blemish-less singing are some of the obvious facets of his music .
 His vast repertoire included songs that encompassed every genre , a number of languages and composers belonging to different ages.Endaro Mahanubhavulu in Sri Ragam , Sri Subrahmanya Namaste in Kambhoji , dancer Balasaraswati gopala in Bhairavi , Satatam Tavaka in Kharaharapriya , Pahi Janani in Natakuranji , Enneramum in raga Devagandhari , Pirava varam tarum in Latangi and Kanavendamo in Sriranjani are some of the songs that have come to bear his distinct signature .
 The depth of emotion and the pathos he invested in singing certain compositions of Gopalakrishna Bharathi , especially VarugalAmo ayya and his incomparable and unique presentation of Sangeetakalacharya C.S. Krishna Iyer nee beganey in the style of Jayammal and dancer Balasaraswati , in which he caressed the words and phrases exquisitely and had the audience in a trance as if he were a pied piper are noteworthy .
Strict adherence to Shruthi , lyrical purity and a poignant rendition were distinctive features of KVNs music .
Some of KVNs leading disciples were Padma Narayanaswamy , renowned flautist Shashank Subramanyam , vocalist K.V.Ananthan , violinist and vocalist Hemmige V.Srivatsan , Padma Sandilyan , Hemmige S.Prashanth , Pattabhirama Pandit M.R.Subramaniam , T S Ranganathan , Manipallavam K.Sarangan and Balaji Prasath .
In 1948 KVN married Palghat Mani Iyer s cousin Annapoorni .
 KVNs leading disciples had three daughters and a son : Muktha , Lalitha , Viswanathan and Ramaa .
 By a stroke of misfortune cousin Annapoorni died in 1962 .
 In 1965 Narayanaswamy married Padma Narayanaswamy , a talented musician and disciple who continues to train 1965 Narayanaswamy married Padma husbands students in his style .
Their daughter Anuradha is a trained vocalist and television actor
Ustad Faiyaz Khan is a Tabla player of international repute and belongs to the Delhi Gharana .
 Ustad Faiyaz Khan was born in 1934 at Sikar , Rajasthan , in a family of musicians .
 Nazir Khan Ustad Faiyaz Khan father , was a sarangi and tabla - player at the court of the Maharaja of Karoli .
 Munir Khan Nazir Khan his father elder brother is a well-known sarangi player .
 Munir Khan his elder brother initial training was under Ustad Hidayat Khan .
 Then Munir Khan his elder brother also learnt under the late Ustad Inam Ali Khan of the A.I.R Delhi gharana of Tabla .
Ustad Faiyaz Khan has also received training in mridangam from Ramnad Ishwaran .
 Ustad Faiyaz Khan began Ustad Faiyaz Khan career in All India Radio Jaipur in 1955 .
 In 1958 Ustad Faiyaz Khan moved to A.I.R Delhi .
 Ustad Faiyaz Khan retired as a staff artist from there in 1993 .
 Ustad Faiyaz Khan has accompanied many great stalwarts as well as has performed as soloist .
 Ustad Faiyaz Khan also has travelled the world extensively , for performances .
Some of them being participating in the festival of Shiraz , Iran , at Queen Elizabeth Hall in London , and performances in Australia , the U.S. and Europe .
Faiyaz Khan has had the rare opportunity to accompany three generations of musicians : from the great masters of yesteryear , such as Bade Ghulam Ali Khan , Amir Khan , Hafiz Ali Khan , Begum Akhtar , Gangubhai Hangal , Pannalal Ghosh , Siddheshwari Devi , Mallikarjun Mansur , and the masters of today like Pandit Ravi Shankar , Ali Akbar Khan , the late Nikhil Banerjee , Vilayat Khan , Sharan Rani , Parween Sultana , Amjad Ali Khan , Hariprasad Chaurasia , Bhimsen Joshi , Pandit Jasraj , Pandit Shivkumar Sharma , Ajoy Chakraborty etc. .
 Ustad Faiyaz Khan has also taught for a year in 1985 at the Washington University and since 1992 Ustad Faiyaz Khan has been a regular at the Rotterdam Conservatory
 The so called Thanjavur Thavil or Tavil is a barrel shaped drum from South India .
It is used in temple , folk and Carnatic music , often accompanying the nadaswaram .
The thavil and the nadaswaram are essential components of traditional festivals and ceremonies in South India .
In folk music contexts , a pair of wider , slimmer sticks is sometimes used .
 Thanjavur is famous for thavil , so called Thanjavur Thavil .
In Kollywood Filmi songs thavils are mostly used , Notable movies : Thillaanaa Mohanambal , Paruthiveeran , Karagattakaran .
The thavil consists of a cylindrical shell hollowed out of a solid block of jackfruit wood .
Layers of animal skin are stretched across the two sides of the shell using hemp hoops attached to the shell .
The right face of the instrument has a larger diameter than the left side , and the right drum head is stretched very tightly , while the left drum head is kept loose to allow pitch bending .
The larger face is higher in pitch than the smaller face .
The instrument is either played while sitting , or hung by a cloth strap from the shoulder of the player .
The right head is played with the right hand , wrist and fingers .
The player usually wears thumb caps on all the fingers of the right hand , made of hardened glue from maida flour .
The left head is played with a short , thick stick made from the wood of the portia tree .
It is not uncommon for left-handed players to use the opposite hands , and some nadaswaram groups feature both a right - and a left-handed thavil player
Dhirasankarabharanam , commonly known as Sankarabharanam , is a raga in Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 29th Melakarta raga in the 72 Melakarta raga system of Carnatic music .
 Since this raga has many Gamakas , many Gamakas is glorified as Sarva Gamaka Manika Rakti Ragam in Telugu .
 many Gamakas is known as Bilawal in the Hindustani music system .
The Western equivalent is the C major scale , Ionian mode .
Hence this raga is one of the most popular scales across the world , known with different names in different musical styles .
Its nature is mellifluous and smooth .
This raga offers a large scope for compositions .
It is ideal for a melodious , but still laid back majestic presentation .
It is the 5th raga in the 5th Chakra Bana .
The mnemonic name is Bana-Ma .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ri gu ma pa dhi nu .
Its structure is as follows : .
The notes in this scale are shadjam , chatushruti rishabham , antara gandharam , shuddha madhyamam , panchamam , chatushruti dhaivatam and Kakali Nishadam .
As it is a Melakarta raga , by definition it is a Sampurna raga .
It is the Shuddha Madhyamam equivalent of 65th Melakarta raga Kalyani .
Due to the even spacing of svaras , many janya ragas can be derived from Samkarabharanam .
It is one of the melakarta ragas that has high number of Janya ragas associated with it .
 Many of the Janya ragas are very popular on Many of the Janya ragas own , lending Many of the Janya ragas to elaboration , interpretation and evoking different moods .
 Some of Many of the Janya ragas are Arabhi , Ataana , Bilahari , Devagandhari , Hamsadhvani , Kadanakutuhalam , Niroshta , Shuddha Saveri , Purnachandrika , Janaranjani , Kedaram , Kurinji , Navroj , Sarasvati-manohari , Nagadhvani etc. .
See List of Janya ragas for full list of ragas associated with Samkarabharanam .
 Sankarabharanam has been decorated with compositions by almost all composers .
A few of the compositions are listed here .
 Muthuswami Dikshitar also has a list of 22 Nottu Svara compositions , based on Western Major Scale notes to Muthuswami Dikshitar credit .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this raga .
 Samkarabharanams notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 5 other major Melakarta ragas , namely , 65th Melakarta raga Kalyani , Hanumatodi , Natabhairavi , Kharaharapriya and Harikambhoji .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the raga .
Refer table below for illustration of this concept .
 C as the base for Samkarabharanam is chosen for above illustration only for convenience , as Carnatic music does not enforce strict frequency/note structure .
The shadjam is fixed by the artist as per the vocal range or the instruments base frequency .
All the other svarams are relative to this shadjam , falling into a geometric progression-like frequency pattern .
 The 7th Graha bhedam of Samkarabharanam has both madhyamams and no panchamam and hence will not be considered a valid melakarta .
This is only a classification issue with respect to melakarta scales , while this structure could be theoretically used well to create good music .
The swaras are regularly spaced in these ragas .
Hence these six ragas give very good melody , scope for elaboration , experimentation and exploration of phrases .
 In practice , Natabhairavi is not elaborated extensively much .
 Harikambhoji is taken up for elaboration , but not as much as the rest of the 4 ragas , namely , Samkarabharanam , Todi , 65th Melakarta raga Kalyani and Kharaharapriya .
One of these 4 ragas is sung as the main raga in a concert quite often .
As can be seen in the illustration , these ragas can be played using just the white keys of a piano / organ / keyboard
Mysore V. Srikanth is a Carnatic music violinist .
 Mysore Srikanth is a violinist in the field of Carnatic music .
 Mysore V. Srikanth is a senior disciple of Vidwan Sri .
H.K. Narasimha Murthy of Mysore and follows the Parur style of fingering .
 H.K. Narasimha started learning Violin at a very young age and has undergone rigorous training for more than twenty years .
 Mysore V. Srikanth has been giving performances from Mysore V. Srikanth fifteenth year .
 Mysore V. Srikanth has gained rich experience by accompanying Top Artists like R.K.Srikantan , Dr.M.Balamuralikrishna , T.N.Seshagopalan , T.V.Sankaranarayanan , O.S.Thiagarajan , TrichurRamachandran , Hyderabad Brothers , Yesudas , K.S.Gopalakrishnan , Rudrapatnam Brothers , Bombay Sisters , Sudha Raghunathan & others and received their blessings and appreciation .
 Mysore V. Srikanth has performed with great Mridangam stalwarts like Palghat Sri Raghu , T.K.Murthy , Guru Karaikkudi Mani , Guruvayur Dorai , Vellore Ramabhadran , Umayalpuram Sivaraman , Tiruvarur Bhaktavatsalam , SrimushnamRajarao and many others .
 Mysore V. Srikanth is also performing with talented young artists like Abhishek Raghuram , T.V.Ramprasadh , Shashank , Gayathri Girish , Sikkil Gurucharan & others .
 Mysore V. Srikanth has been featured in all prestigious Music Sabhas & Organizations throughout the country .
 Mysore V. Srikanth , graded artist of AIR & Doordarshan , performs regularly for All India Radio , Doordarshan and other T.V. Channels .
 Mysore V. Srikanth has also performed for National Program of Music of Doordarshan .
& All India Radio .
 Mysore V. Srikanth has recorded many commercial CDs & cassettes with many great artists .
 Mysore V. Srikanth has won a number of prizes , accolades and appreciation from rasikas and critics .
 Mysore V. Srikanth is a recipient of Cultural Talent Search Scholarship of Government of India and has achieved Distinction in the Senior Grade Music Examination .
2 .
The Indian Fine Arts Society -- Dec 2000 Music Season .
3 .
Karnataka Gana Kala Parishath - Young Musicians ' Conference - 2001 .
5 .
The Indian Fine Arts Society - Dec 2007 - Best Senior Violinist .
6 .
The Indian Fine Arts Society - Dec 2008 - Best Senior Violinist .
 Mysore V. Srikanth has been conferred with the title Kala Praveen in Feb 2002 at Bangalore .
 Mysore V. Srikanth has been honored with the prestigious Award for talented young Musicians -- Ananya Yuva Puraskar for 2004 by the organization `` Ananya '' of Bangalore .
 Mysore V. Srikanth is now regularly performing with many great artists & undergoing intensive training in the intricacies of Violin playing and looking forward for Great achievement in the field of Music .
 Mysore V. Srikanth has traveled abroad widely to U. S. A. , Australia , New Zealand , Dubai , Singapore , Qatar , U.K. , Canada & France with Rudrapatnam Brothers , T.N.Seshagopalan , Ranjani-Gayatri , Malladi Brothers , V.K.Raman , T.V.Ramprasadh , Bombay Jayashri , Abhishek Raghuram , Aruna Sairam , Shashank & others
Gangeyabhushani is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Gangeyabhushani is the 33rd Melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Gangeyabhushani is called Gangatarangini in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
 Gangeyabhushani is the 3rd ragam in the 6th chakra Rutu .
The mnemonic name is Rutu-Go .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ru gu ma pa dha nu .
Its structure is as follows : .
The notes present in this scale are shatsruthi rishabham , antara gandharam , shuddha madhyamam , shuddha dhaivatham , kakali nishadham .
 As Gangeyabhushani is a melakarta ragam , by definition Gangeyabhushani is a sampoorna ragam .
 Gangeyabhushani is the shuddha madhyamam equivalent of Dhatuvardani , which is the 69th melakarta .
 Gangeyabhushani currently has no janya ragams associated with Gangeyabhushani .
See List of janya Ragams to lookup all janya ragams .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Gangeyabhushanis notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields Neetimati , a minor melakarta ragam .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Gangeyabhushani
Gourimanohari or Gowrimanohari is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Gourimanohari is the 23rd Melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
The 23rd melakarta ragam as per Muthuswami Dikshitar school of music is .
Hindustani music does not have an equivalent to this ragam , where the purvanga is like Kafi thaat , while the uttaranga is like Bilaval thaat .
It is the 5th ragam in the 4th chakra Veda .
The mnemonic name is Veda-Ma .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ri gi ma pa dhi nu .
Its structure is as follows : .
The notes used in this scale are shadjam , chathusruthi rishabham , sadharana gandharam , shuddha madhyamam , panchamam , chathusruthi dhaivatham and kakali nishadham .
It is a sampurna ragam - a ragam that has all seven swaras .
It is the shuddha madhyamam equivalent of Dharmavati , which is the 59th melakarta .
It has a few minor janya ragams associated with it .
 See List of janya ragams to lookup all ragams associated with List of janya ragams .
The following are a few popular compositions in this ragam .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Gourimanoharis notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 3 other major melakarta ragams , namely , Vachaspati , Natakapriya and Charukesi .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 For further details and an illustration see Graha bhedam on Vachaspati
 Hindusthanis Bhairavi is a janya ragam in Carnatic music .
 Though Carnatic is a sampoorna ragam , Carnatic has two different dhaivathams in Carnatic scale making Carnatic a Bhashanga Ragam , and hence is not classified as a melakarta ragam .
This is one of the ancient ragams , said to have been prevalent about 1500 years ago .
There are numerous compositions in this ragam .
 Though a Raga called Hindusthanis Bhairavi also exists in Hindusthani music , Hindusthani is very different from the Carnatic version .
 Hindusthanis Bhairavi , in terms of a Raga called Bhairavi also aroha and avaroha alone , corresponds to Carnatic musics Thodi .
 Carnatic is considered a janya of the 20th melakarta Natabhairavi .
 Carnatic structure is as follows : .
The notes used are chathusruthi rishabham , sadharana gandharam , shuddha madhyamam , .
chathusruthi dhaivatham & shuddha dhaivatham and kaishika nishadham .
Note the use of both dhaivathams , chathusruthi in and shuddha in .
 While a janya of Natabhairavi melam , Hindusthanis Bhairavi takes the anya swaram D2 in the ascent in the phrase P D2 N2 S .
In descent as well as in the phrase P D N D P the D1 of the parent scale is used .
Only R2 and M1 can be prolonged without gamakam .
In the ascent G2 is held in conjunction with R2 with short or wide range of oscillation-the later as S G R G M .
The gamakam on G ends in R .
In descent the phrase M P G R is also used and G2 slides from M1 and oscillates .
 The phrase S G R G in the ascent and the ending of gamakam on G at R help to avoid flavour of Kharaharapriya which does not use S G R G and in which gamakam on G can end in G The gamakam on G ends in R . .
 Hindusthanis Bhairavi is distinguished from Mukhaari by the use of the phrases P D2 N2 S and S G2 R2 G2 M1 .
The deft use of gamakams in handling G2 N2 D2 and D1 gives the raagam its flavour .
 Hindusthanis Bhairavi is one of the most popular ragas on the concert stage , due to its very wide scope for improvisation .
This raga can be elaborated to beautiful effect in all three sthayis , but shines particularly well in the upper madhya and thara sthayis .
The nishada , an important jeeva swara , can be rendered with varying degrees of gamaka , depending on which daivatha is used .
The weight of this raga and the lack of vakra sancharas make brighas and slower phrases equally appealing .
This characteristic also means that the raga is well-suited to thanam , kanakku , and sarvalaghu swaras .
 Hindusthanis Bhairavi is also one of the most common ragas in which ragam-thanam-pallavi is rendered , due to the scope for elaboration .
There is a near-infinite number of compositions in this raga , which can be sung at any time of day .
 Ragas which have similar murchanas and/or anya swara patterns to Hindusthanis Bhairavi include Manji , Mukhari , and Huseni .
 Hindusthanis Bhairavi has been decorated with numerous compositions by almost all composers .
Viriboni varnam in ata talam by Pacchimiriam Adiyappa is commonly sung at the beginning of a concert and is very popular .
Given below are a few very popular compositions among the 100s in this ragam
Marimutthu Pillai was a composer of Carnatic music and along with Arunachala Kavi and Muthu Thandavar was one of the pioneering Tamil Trinity of Carnatic music .
 Marimutthu Pillai was a contemporary of Arunachala Kavi .
 Marimutthu Pillai popular compositions are Orukal Sivachidambaram and Kalai tookki etc
Sri Krishna Leela Tarangini is a tarangini or a Sanskrit opera authored by Narayana Teertha .
The songs are in chaste Sanskrit and clear diction and are rich in poetic quality .
 Sri Krishna Leela Tarangini is an opera highly suitable for dance drama and Sri Krishna Leela Tarangini has been very well utilized by Indian classical dancers over the last two centuries .
 Sri Krishna Leela Tarangini consists of 12 Tarangams and encapsulates 153 songs , 302 slokams and 31 choornikaas .
Teertha followed Veda VyAsa 's Bhagavatam and concentrated on the 10th skandam .
The composition are on the life of the Hindu god Lord Krishna .
 The composition deals with the life story of the Hindu god Lord Krishna starting with the Hindu god Lord Krishna birth , childhood pranks and ending with the Hindu god Lord Krishna marriage to Rukmini .
Narayan Theertha uses various literary and musical forms such as songs , prose passages , Slokas , Dwipadis , etc. .
The songs are popularly called Tarangas means waves .
The lyrics are simple yet beautiful and effective .
The Astapadis of Jayadeva are said to be the inspiration .
 Legend has it that the inspiration to compose this piece occurred when Jayadeva was along the banks of Naducauvery .
 Jayadeva was suffering from a serious stomach ailment and prayed that Jayadeva should be given the strength to go back to Tirupati , where Tirupati all started .
 A divine voice asked Jayadeva to follow a boar to wherever it led Jayadeva .
 The varaha led The varaha to Bhupatirajapuram , which came to be known as ` Varahur later .
The people of the village knew that a maha-purusha was coming .
 With The people of the village help , he raised the temple for Sri Lakshmi Narayana and Lord Venkateswara and settled down on the banks of river ` Kudamurutty the name by which the Cauvery was known at this place .
Aradhana sabhas by Narayana Tirthar Trust are held annually in honour of the Tarangini
Lalgudi G.J.R.Krishnan is a well-known Carnatic violinist , vocalist and composer .
G. J. R. Krishnan was born in Chennai to violin maestro , Lalgudi Jayaraman .
 A post graduate in commerce and a Cost & Works Accountant by education , G. J. R. Krishnan has dedicated A post graduate in commerce life to a career in music .
 G. J. R. Krishnan began G. J. R. Krishnan musical training at the age of five under the watchful guidance of G. J. R. Krishnan illustrious grandfather Lalgudi Gopala Iyer who belonged to the enviable sishya parampara of Tyagaraja G. J. R. Krishnan and later from his father .
G. J. R. Krishnan debuted in 1973 and became popular .
 G. J. R. Krishnan travels extensively on musical tours all over the world .
 G. J. R. Krishnan style like G. J. R. Krishnan fathers is the gayaka style closest to vocal rendition .
 G. J. R. Krishnan does a lot of duets with G. J. R. Krishnan sister , Lalgudi Vijayalakshmi , a violin player .
The important feature is that one could decipher the sahithya from their performance , whether it was Jananipahi , Smarasada maanasa of Swati Tirunal or Aadamodi galade of Tyagaraja or Govardhanagireesam of Muthuswami Dikshitar
The Sarasvati vina is an Indian plucked string instrument .
 Sarasvati is named after the Hindu goddess Saraswati , who is usually depicted holding or playing the instrument .
Also known as raghunatha veena , , Malayalam : viinn , -RRB- is used mostly in Carnatic Indian classical music .
 There are several variations of the veena , which in the Tanjore veena South Indian form is a member of the lute family .
One who plays the veena is referred to as a vainika .
 One who plays the veena is one of other major types of veena popular today .
The others include chitra veena , vichitra veena and rudra veena .
 Out of these the rudra and vichitra veenas are used in Hindu music , while the Saraswati veena and the chitra veena are used in the Indian Carnatic music of South India .
Some people play traditional music , others play contemporary music .
The veena has a recorded history that dates back to the approximately 1500 BCE .
 In ancient times , the tone vibrating from the hunters bow string when Rudra shot an arrow was known as the Vil Yazh .
The Jya ghosha is referred to in the ancient Atharvaveda .
Eventually , the archers bow paved the way for the musical bow .
Twisted bark , strands of grass and grass root , vegetable fibre and animal gut were used to create the first strings .
Over the veenas evolution and modifications , more particular names were used to help distinguish the instruments that followed .
 The word veena in South India was a term originally used to generally denote stringed instrument , and included many variations that would be either plucked , bowed or struck for sound .
 The veena instruments developed much like a tree , branching out into The veena instruments as diverse as the harp-like Akasa and the Audumbari veena .
Veenas ranged from one string to one hundred , and were composed of many different materials like eagle bone , bamboo , wood and coconut shells .
The yazh was an ancient harp-like instrument that was also considered a veena .
But with the developments of the fretted veena instruments , the yazh quickly faded away , as the fretted veena allowed for easy performance of ragas and the myriad subtle nuances and pitch oscillations in the gamakas prevalent in the Indian musical system .
 As is seen in many Hindu temple sculptures and paintings , the early veenas were played vertically .
It was not until the great Indian Carnatic music composer and Saraswati veena player Muthuswami Dikshitar that it began to be popularized as played horizontally .
The current form of the Saraswati veena with 24 fixed frets evolved in Thanjavur , Tamil Nadu , during the reign of Raghunatha Nayak and it is for this reason sometimes called the Tanjore veena , or the Raghunatha veena .
 Prior to Raghunatha Nayak time , the number of frets on the veena were less and also movable .
- Padmabhooshan Prof. P. Sambamurthy , musicologist .
The Saraswati veena developed from Kinnari Veena .
 Made in several regions in South India , those made by makers from Thanjavur in the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu are to date considered the most sophisticated .
Pitapuram in East Godavari District and Bobbili in vijayanagaram District of Andhrapradesh are famous for Veena makers .
Sangeeta Ratnakara calls it Ekatantri Veena and gives the method for its construction .
While the Saraswati veena is considered in the lute genealogy , other North Indian veenas such as the Rudra veena and Vichitra veena are technically zithers .
 Descendants of Tansen reserved Rudra Veena for family and out of reverence began calling Tansen the Saraswati Veena .
About four feet in length , its design consists of a large resonator carved and hollowed out of a log , a tapering hollow neck topped with 24 brass or bell-metal frets set in scalloped black wax on wooden tracks , and a tuning box culminating in a downward curve and an ornamental dragons head .
 If the veena is built from a single piece of wood the Tanjore veena is called veena .
A small table-like wooden bridge -- about 2 x 21/2 x 2 inches -- is topped by a convex brass plate glued in place with resin .
Two rosettes , formerly of ivory , now of plastic or horn , are on the top board of the resonator .
 Four main playing strings tuned to the tonic and the fifth in Two octaves stretch from fine tuning connectors attached to the end of the resonator across the bridge and above the fretboard to four large-headed pegs in the tuning box .
 Three subsidiary drone strings tuned to the tonic , fifth , and upper tonic cross a curving side bridge leaning against the main bridge , and stretch on the players side of the neck to Three pegs matching those of the main playing strings .
All seven strings today are of steel , with the lower strings either solid thick gauge wire or round wound .
The veena is played by sitting cross-legged with the instrument held tilted slightly away from the player .
The small gourd on the left rests on the players left thigh , the left arm passing beneath the neck with the hand curving up and around so that the fingers rest upon the frets .
The palm of the right hand rests on the edge of the top plank so that the fingers can pluck the strings .
The drone strings are played with the little finger .
The veenas large resonator is placed on the floor , beyond the right thigh .
The photo of Veenai Dhanammal more accurately illustrates how the veena is held than the more fanciful Ravi Varma painting .
Like the sitar , the left hand technique involves playing on the frets , controlled pushing on the strings to achieve higher tones and glissandi through increased tension , and finger flicks , all reflecting the characteristics of various ragas and their ornamentation .
 Modern innovations include one or Two circular sound holes , substitution of machine heads for wooden pegs for easier tuning , and the widespread use of transducers for amplification in performance .
The patron Hindu Goddess of learning and the arts , Saraswati , is often depicted seated upon a swan playing a veena .
Lord Shiva is also depicted playing or holding a vina in His form called Vinadhara , which means bearer of the vina .
 Also , the great Hindu sage Narada was known as a veena maestro .
 and refers to 19 different kinds of the Tanjore veena in Sangita Makarandha .
Ravana , the antagonist of the Ramayana , who is also a great scholar , a capable ruler and a devoted follower of Shiva , was also a versatile veena player .
Scholars hold that as Saraswati was goddess of learning , the most evolved string instrument in a given age was placed in her hands by contemporary artistes .
 The Ramayana , the Bhagavata and Puranas all contain references to the the Tanjore veena , as well as the Sutra and the Aranyaka .
 The Vedic sage Yajnavalkya speaks of the greatness of the Veena in the following verse : One who is skilled in the Tanjore veena play , one who is an expert in the varieties of srutis and one who is proficient in tala attain salvation without effort .
Many references to the veena are made in old Sanskrit and Tamil literature , and musical compositions .
Examples include poet Kalidasa s epic Sanskrit poem Kumarasambhava , as well as veena venu mridanga vAdhya rasikAm in Meenakshi Pancharathnam , mAsil veeNaiyum mAlai madhiyamum Thevaram by Appar .
Each physical portion of the veena is said to be the seat in which subtle aspects of various gods and goddesses reside in Hinduism .
 The instruments neck is Shiva , the strings constitute Sanskrit poem Kumarasambhava consort , Parvati .
The bridge is Lakshmi , the secondary gourd is Brahma , the dragon head Vishnu .
And upon the resonating body is Saraswati .
Thus , the veena is the abode of divinity and the source of all happiness .
- R. Rangaramanuja Ayyangar .
 Scholars consider that today four instruments are signified by Veena which in the past has been used as generic name for all string instruments .
 Scholars are the Tanjavur Veena , Rudra veena , Vichitra veena , and Gottuvadhyam veena .
Modern day evolving of the veena include the Sruti veena that was constructed by Dr. Lalmani Misra in early 1960s on which all 22 srutis can be produced simultaneously , the Ranjan Veena and the Mohan veena , invented and popularised by Pandit Vishwa Mohan Bhatt and often confused with ancient Indian musical instruments .
 the Tanjore veena represents the system of Indian music .
Several instruments evolved in response to cultural changes in the country .
Communities of artists , scholars and craftsmen moved around and at times settled down .
 Thus Veena craftsmen of Kolkata were famous for Veena craftsmen of Kolkata instruments .
 Similarly , Rudra Veena was given a new form which came to be known after the craftsmen of the Tanjore veena as Tanjavur Veena .
 Modern life-style is no longer limited to definite routine within a small locality , thus along with performers and teachers of the Tanjore veena , the community of the craftsmen of Tanjavur is also on decline .
 Attempts to start institutions of instrument-making have been made , but there is a strong need for conservatories which focus on all aspects of the Tanjore veena .
 As a state party to UNESCO Convention 2003 , South India has identified Veena as an element of Intangible Cultural Heritage and proposed UNESCO Convention 2003 inscription in the Representative list of UNESCO .
Nobel Prize - winning physicist C.V. Raman has described the veena as having a unique construction .
The string terminations at both ends are curved and not sharp .
Also , the frets have much more curvature than any other instrument .
Unlike in guitar , the string does not have to be pushed down to the very base of the neck , so no rattling sound is generated .
This design enables a continuous control over the string tension , which is important for glissandi .
The beeswax beneath the frets may act as a noise filter
Konnakol is the art of performing percussion syllables vocally in South Indian music , the Carnatic music - South Indian classical - performance art of vocal percussion .
Konnokol is the spoken component of solkattu , which refers to a combination of konnakol syllables spoken while simultaneously counting the tala with the hand .
 Konnokol is comparable in some respects to bol in Hindustani music , but allows the composition , performance or communication of rhythms .
Sri Thetakudi Harihara Subash Chandran is a well-known exponent .
Many musicians from a variety of traditions around the world have found konnakol useful in their own musical practice .
Prominent among these is John McLaughlin who led the Mahavishnu Orchestra and has long been using konnakol as an aid to composing .
V. Selvaganesh - who plays alongside John McLaughlin in the group Remember Shakti - is another noted konnakol virtuoso .
Subash Chandrans disciple Dr Joel who teaches konnakol in the UK , is noted for incorporating konnakol in rock and western classical music - notably in a concerto commissioned by the viola soloist Rivka Golani .
The trio J G Laya showcased the konnakol of Sri T. H. Subash Chandran and helped the previously fading art form back to concert prominence in the 1980s .
Subash Chandran has released an instructional DVD on konnakol .
McLaughlin and Selvaganesh have released a separate instructional DVD on konnakol .
 LOIRE is known for The trio J G Laya konnakol singing , as well .
 Konnakol should not be confused with the practice in Hindustani music of speaking tabla bols , which indicate the finger placement to be used by a percussionist .
By contrast , konnakol syllables are aimed at optimising vocal performance , and konnakol syllables vastly outnumber any commonly used finger placements on mridangam or any other hand percussion instrument .
 Further , all the differences which still remain between Carnatic and north Indian rhythms apply equally to konnakol and tabla bols respectively .
The artist improvises within a structure that interrelates with the raga being played and within the talam preferred in the compositions .
 Mridangam , kanjira , or ghatam , the percussion is limited to physical characteristics of Mridangam structure and construction ; the resonance of skin over jackfruit wood , clay shells , or clay pots .
The human voice has a direct and dramatic way of expressing the percussive aspects in music directly
K. V. Krishna Prasad , also known as KP is a Carnatic music vocalist .
 K. V. Krishna Prasad has K. V. Krishna Prasad family rooted in the town of Shringeri .
Krishna Prasad was born to Sri .
K N Venkatanarayana and Smt .
K V Chandrakala on January 29 , 1988 .
 Venkatanarayana started learning Carnatic music at the age of 8 under the training of Vid .
Geetha , Vid.Swarnalatha and Vid .
M V Raghuram .
 Later on Krishna Prasad started practicing under Vid .
Ganakalabhushana R. K. Padmanabha .
 After one year of learning under Vid .
 R. K. Padmanabha , Krishna Prasad gave Ganakalabhushana R. K. Padmanabha . maiden concert .
 Ganakalabhushana R. K. Padmanabha . passed Ganakalabhushana R. K. Padmanabha . Music Seniors Exam with university 3rd rank .
 Ganakalabhushana R. K. Padmanabha . has performed in more than 500 stages including many sabhas like Shanmughananda Sangeetha Sabha Mumbai , Abhedananda Sangeetha Sabha Trivandrum , Tyagaraja Gana sabha , Malleswaram Sangeetha sabha , Karnataka Gana Kala Parishath , Indian Institute of World Culture , Rudrapatna Sangeethotsava , Sri Rama Seva Mandali and many more and in many TV channels as well
Rasikapriya is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 It is the last melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 It is called Rasamanjari in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
It is the 6th ragam in the 12th chakra Aditya .
The mnemonic name is Aditya-Sha .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ru gu mi pa dhu nu .
 The mnemonic phrase structure is as follows : .
As it is a melakarta ragam , by definition it is a sampoorna ragam .
It is the prati madhyamam equivalent of last suddha madhyamam melakarta , Chalanata , which is the 36th melakarta scale .
Rasikapriya has a few minor janya ragams associated with it .
See List of janya ragams for full list of scales associated with Rasikapriya .
Here are some compositions sung in concerts , set to Rasikapriya .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Rasikapriyas notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 2 other major melakarta ragams , namely , Mayamalavagowla and Simhendramadhyamam .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Mayamalavagowla
Lalitha Sivakumar is a prominent Carnatic music teacher and composer .
 Lalitha Sivakumar was known for vocally accompanying Lalitha Sivakumar mother-in-law and leading Carnatic vocalist , the late D. K. Pattammal , in concerts .
Lalitha Sivakumar is also prominently known as the mother and guru of Nithyashree Mahadevan , a prominent vocalist in Indian music .
 Lalitha Sivakumars father , Palghat Mani Iyer , was one of the leading mridangists in the field of Carnatic music , and was the first mridangist to win the Sangeetha Kalanidhi and Padmabhushan awards .
At the age of 18 , Lalitha Sivakumar was married to I. Sivakumar , son of D. K. Pattammal .
 The day after the wedding , Lalitha Sivakumar received received training in Carnatic music from D. K. Pattammal .
 Shortly thereafter , both as a solo performer and as a musician accompanying D. K. Pattammal , Lalitha Sivakumar received praise from several other leading Carnatic vocalists including D. K. Jayaraman , K. V. Narayanaswamy and M. S. Subbulakshmi .
 However , Lalitha Sivakumar career as a solo performer was brief , and Lalitha Sivakumar remained content vocally accompanying Lalitha Sivakumar guru .
Lalitha Sivakumar has composed , and set music to a number of kritis , tillanas , and bhajans , in a variety of Indian languages .
Other than Nithyasree Mahadevan , Lalitha Sivakumars disciples also include Lavanya Sundararaman , Maharajapuram Srinivasan , Niranjana Srinivasan , Pallavi Prasanna , Nalini Krishnan and others
A. K. C. Natarajan is a carnatic music clarinet player .
 A. K. C. Natarajan received a Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 1994 .
 A. K. C. Natarajan was bestowned with the title Sangeetha Kalanidhi by Madras Music Academy , Nadha Dweepa Kalanidhi by Nadhadweepam Trust , Tiruchirappalli .
 A. K. C. Natarajan learnt vocal music from Alathur Venkatesa Iyer and Alathur Venkatesa Iyer nagaswaram teacher was Iluppur Natesa Pillai , brother of the thavil maestro Iluppur Panchami
Thrissur C. Narendran is a renowned Mridangam artiste from Kerala , India .
 Thrissur C. Narendran intricate rhythmic patterns , sense of proportion , sharp anticipation , short & carefully thought out phases of silence , and the ability to give the Mridangam the much-needed soft touch make Trichur C. Narendran a class apart.Narendran has accompanied more than five generations of musicians , from Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavathar .
Narendran was born to Late Venugopala Raja of Manakulam Palace and sister in an ambience of Music and Art .
 Born in a family of musicians and scholars , Narendran was initiated into an early training in Mridangam by Sri Kongorppilly Parameswaran Namboodiri who spotted his talent during a dance rehearsal at an annual family get together at Manakkulam Palace , and started teaching Narendran the basics of the Mridangam when he was just seven .
 It was David Bhagavathar of Kunnamkulam who instilled in Kunnamkulam the interest in music and inspired Kunnamkulam to seriously take up the Mridangam .
 Later it was Sri E P Narayana Pisharodi and Koduvayur Radhakrishnan who trained Narayana Pisharodi further .
Narendran had the rarest privileges to be one of the early disciples of Sri Palghat R Raghu from 1973 .
 It was the scholarship awarded by the Government of Kerala , India that provided the fecundity for him to learn the finer and the most intricate techniques of mridangam playing from Mridangam Maestro Padmashri Sri Palghat R. Raghu .
Narendran has been exposed to the concert platform from a very early age of 10 .
It was at the age of 17 that he won first prize in A I R Music competition .
In the Commercial CD .
 released by A I R of Palghat K V Narayanaswami , with M S G on the violin , Narendran has provided mridangam accompaniment.He was on the staff of All India Radio from 1992 to 2011 .
 a Top rank artiste of All India Radio is now a Top rank artiste of All India Radio .
Narendran moved to Chennai in 1973 .
 He is now retired from All India Radio and settled in Chennai
Smitha Madhav is an accomplished and performing Carnatic Classical Singer and Bharatanatyam Dancer .
Bharatanatyam is a classical Indian dance originating from the state of Tamil Nadu , India and one of the oldest of the classical dance forms .
 Carnatic music is a system of music commonly associated with the southern part of India and one of the two main classifications of Indian Classical Music .
 Smitha Madhav is an eminent and versatile artist in both forms of these fine arts .
 Keeping up with the tradition of the Guru Shishya Sampradaya , wherein students visit their gurus face to face on a daily or a weekly basis to learn music , Smitha Madhav began learning Carnatic vocal music at the age of 4 and gave the Guru Shishya Sampradaya first public performance in 1994 .
 the Guru Shishya Sampradaya renditions in concerts reflects a melodious voice and a mastery of the four fundamental elements of classical music namely Sruthi , Swara , Raga and Thala that comes as a result of several years of training and practice .
 Smitha 's concerts have spellbound diverse audiences from Rasikas to the lay man alike across cities and towns all over India and abroad .
 Smitha Madhav enthusiasm and energy to promote these fine arts is noteworthy .
 Smitha Madhav has been trained in Bharatanatyam by Guru Nritya Choodamani Smt Rajeswari Sainath , the director of Sruthi Laya Kendra Natarajaalaya .
This institute was founded by one of the stalwarts and heavy weights in Carnatic Classical Music , Mrudangam maestro Karaikudi Mani .
 Smitha Madhav also continues to receive advanced training in Carnatic Classical music from Ms Lalitha & Ms Haripriya , better known as Hyderabad Sisters .
 Smitha Madhav has a Diploma program in Carnatic Classical Music and Bharatanatyam from the Telugu University which Smitha Madhav completed with distinction .
 Smitha Madhav is currently pursuing the Masters Program in Dance from the Indirakala Sangeet Vishwa Vidyalaya and the Masters programme in Carnatic Classical Music from the Madras University .
 Smitha Madhav is an empanelled artiste of the Indian Council for Cultural Relations .
 Smitha Madhav has performed in all major sabhas all over India and has presented Smitha Madhav concerts in the United States of America , Australia , Vietnam , Indonesia , Singapore and Malaysia .
 Smitha Madhav rendered nearly 30 recitals and lecture demonstrations across the United States to render funds for Vegesna Foundation , a non profit organization dedicated to serving differently-abled children .
 Smitha Madhav also choreographs on Smitha Madhav own and has to Smitha Madhav credit four major works .
 On television , Smitha Madhav has anchored several shows in multiple languages .
 Smithas work has been widely acknowledged and Smitha Madhav is the recipient of various prestigious awards .
Some of these are given below
 Darbari Kanada , or simply Darbari Kanada , , is a raga in the Darbari Kanada family , which is thought to have originated in Carnatic music and brought into North Indian music by Miyan Tansen , the legendary 16th-century composer in emperor Akbar s court .
 This tradition is reflected in the name This tradition ; Darbar is the Persian derived word in Hindi meaning court .
 As the most familiar raga in the Darbari Kanada family , This tradition may sometimes also be called Shuddha Kanada or pure Kanada .
 This tradition belongs to the Asavari thaat .
 This tradition is also sometimes written as Durbari and Durbari .
 Darbari Kanada is a grave raga , played deep into the night , considered to be one of the more difficult to master , and with the potential for profound emotional impact .
The ascension of aroha is in the lower and middle octaves .
In the avroha the note Ga komal is used in a weak manner and a slow vibrato on this note .
The association of the notes Ni and Pa sounds pleasing .
 The association of the notes Ni and Pa Vadi swar is Re and Samavadi is Re .
 For reference , the set of notes in the Asavari thaat is S R g M P d n , and for Darbari Kanada , the role of the komal gandhar is crucial .
 Other ragas in the Darbari Kanada family include Abhogi Kanada , Nayaki Kanada , Shahana Kanada , Kaushi Kanada and Adana .
It is an ubhaya vakra sampurna ragam derived from the 20th melakarta ragam Natabhairavi .
Its arohana-avarohana structure is as follows : .
This scale uses the notes chatusruti rishabham , sadharana gandharam , shuddha madhyamam , shuddha dhaivatham , kaisiki nishadham .
 Darbari Kanada kanada resembles Darbari Kanada ragam , and is suitable for Thillanas , Bhajans and other light melodies
Sankaran Namboodiri is a Carnatic classical music vocalist from Kerala .
Renowned as a child prodigy , he started learning music at the age of ten under the tutelage of Sri C. S. Narayanan Namboothiri .
He went on to pursue his training under the able guidance of stalwarts like Sri T. V. Gopalakrishnan , Prof. Mavelikkara R. Prabhakara Varma , and Palakkad K.V. Narayana Swamy .
 Sri Sankaran Namboodiri began performing at the age of eleven and by the time Sri Sankaran Namboodiri was thirteen , Sri Sankaran Namboodiri had already taken the famous musical sabhas by storm .
 Sri Sankaran Namboodiri inaugural concert at the Music Academy was packed .
 When Sri Sankaran Namboodiri was eleven years old , Sri Sankaran Namboodiri gave a concert for the then Indian president Mr. Zail Singh .
Sri Namboodiri has not only performed in all the major centers in India but has also given concerts outside in US , France , Germany , UK , Switzerland and Holland .
Sri Sankaran Namboodiri lives in Kochi and is also a well-known playback singer in Malayalam cinema .
 Many Ganasabhas in Chennai as well as Kerala have honored Sri Sankaran Namboodiri .
 Sri Sankaran Namboodiri has to Sri Sankaran Namboodiri credit several Cassettes and CDs released by HMV , Sangeetha , AVM , etc
The Yakshagana bells or Yakshagana cymbal are a pair of finger bells made of a special alloy used in Yakshagana .
 They are used by the singer to keep the tempo and rhythm of Yakshagana performance .
The pitch of the bells are very high and do not match the tonic of the singer .
 Due to They high pitch usually singers use bells of any key .
 Professional singers maintain and treasure Professional singers personal finger bells .
Singer holds the thread tied to the bells and hits the edge of one bell to the face of the other bell .
There are techniques to produce at least three different sounds .
For fast rhythms less prominent hand is rolled to facilitate fast beating .
A closed hit of the bells produces a sound without any overtone and with sudden decay .
This stroke indicates a gap and is often used to indicate change in rhythm or tempo to other musicians
Sheik Chinna Moulana popularly known as Sheik was a legendary Nadhaswaram Player in the Carnatic tradition .
 He achieved high position through his outstanding control over the instrument , rendering the Krities in the Gayaki style and for Gayaki extraordinary style of Raga Alapana .
 Sheik Chinna Moulana hails from a family of Nadhaswaram Music .
The ancient and traditional art of Nadhaswaram playing had been preserved and fostered by the ancestors of Sheik Chinna Moulana , for the past 300 years .
Following is list of the doyens who contributed to Chinna Moulana 's tradition .
1 .
 Vidhwan Adam Sahib - known for Vidhwan Adam Sahib expertise in the `` Ragha - Devagandhari '' .
2 .
Vidhwan RasavAripalem Kasim sahib - deeply learned and could answer any doubts on music .
3 .
Kommur Pitcha sahib - enriched the art of Nadhaswaram .
4 .
Vidhwan Chinna Moula Sahib and Pedda Moula Sahib brothers - Chinna Moula was well versed in Sanskrit epics like Ramayanam and Amaram and could expound these epics in Telugu .
5 .
The Kommur brothers Pentu Sahib and Silar sahib - were called geniuses for the raghas Kalyani , Bilahari & Kedharagowla .
6 .
Chinna Peeru Sahib and Peddha Peeru Sahib Brothers - were famous for their proficiency in the Raghas Saveri and Abheri .
Chinna Peeru was honored with the title ` Nadha Brahma '' .
7 .
 Sheik Adam sahib of Chilakaluripeta - Guru of Dr.Sheik Chinna Moulana - acclaimed fame for Sheik Adam Ragha Alapana .
8 .
Sheik Madar Sahib - Sheik Kasim Sahib Pair - were also geniuses .
 Madar Sahib was Chinn Moulan 's Uncle and Kasim sahib was Chinna Moulana 's father .
Sheik Chinna Moulana was born in Karavadi Village , Prakasam District , Andhra Pradesh .
 Even at very early age Dr. Sheik Chinna Moulana achieved proficiency in Nadhaswaram , first under the tutorship of Dr. Sheik Chinna Moulana father Sheik Kasim Sahib and later Nadhaswara Vidwan Sri Throvagunta Shaik Hassan Saheb and later under Sheik Adam Sahib , a renowned Nadhaswaram player of Chilakaluripeta , Andhra Pradesh .
 Recognizing the importance and the role of `` Thanjavur Bhaani '' Thanjavur Bhaani very much wanted to get trained in this .
 With this in view , Thanjavur Bhaani was under the tutelage of M/s .
Rajam and Duraikannu brothers of Nachiarkovil for some years .
 Chinna Moulana was a childhood admirer of T.N. Rajarathnam Pillai , and observed Rajarathinam Pillai as Dr. Sheik Chinna Moulana Maanasika Guru .
 Chinna Moulana closely observed the style of Rajarathinam Pillai from the early age itself and adapted Rajarathinam Pillai 's playing techniques in Dr. Sheik Chinna Moulana own playing style .
 Sheik Chinna Moulana gave Dr. Sheik Chinna Moulana first performance in 60s in Tamil Nadu , India 's and quickly gained renown .
 Sheik Chinna Moulana was an ardent devotee of Lord the abode Lord Ranganatha , which lead Dr. Sheik Chinna Moulana to reside in the pilgrim city of Srirangam .
 Dr. Sheik Chinna Moulana performed at the Third International Asian Trade Fair , New Delhi in the year 1972 .
 Dr. Sheik Chinna Moulana had also given performance at Red Fort , New Delhi during February , 1973 at the invitation of Government of India on the occasion of the 25th Anniversary celebrations of India 's Independence .
 Dr. Sheik Chinna Moulana has give performances widely both in India 's and abroad .
 Dr. Sheik Chinna Moulana had visited Sri Lanka many times .
 Dr. Sheik Chinna Moulana went to the United States and Canada in 1973 under the East-West exchange program .
 There Dr. Sheik Chinna Moulana was awarded the title of `` Nadhaswara Acharya '' by Vassar College , New York .
 Dr. Sheik Chinna Moulana visited Hong Kong in 1982 as an Indian Cultural delegate to the 7th Asian Arts the International Music Festival .
 Dr. Sheik Chinna Moulana visited Soviet Union in 1987 during Sept. / Oct. to give concerts in the Festival of India 's there .
 Dr. Sheik Chinna Moulana went to Germany in 1991 during September to give Dr. Sheik Chinna Moulana inaugural concerts in the festival of India 's in Germany in 1991 .
 Dr. Sheik Chinna Moulana traveled all over Germany in 1991 and gave concerts .
 Dr. Sheik Chinna Moulana visited France too in 1991 .
 Dr. Sheik Chinna Moulana visited Finland in 1996 and performed in the International Music Festival there .
 Dr. Sheik Chinna Moulana visited U.A.E in Sept. 1997 and took part in the Golden Jubilee Celebrations of India 's Independence held in U.A.E. .
 Dr. Sheik Chinna Moulana has give performances at many important centers .
A few are Tansen Festival - Gwalior .
SAARC Festival Teenmurthy Bhavan , New Delhi and so on .
 He gave a number of lecture demonstrations on Nadhaswaram music , both in home and abroad .
He was appointed as the `` State Artist '' of Tamil Nadu by the Govt .
of Tamil Nadu .
He was a Hon. Professor in the Raja 's Government Music College of Thiruvaiyaru , Thanjavur District , Tamil Nadu .
 Having settled down in Srirangam in the heart of Tamil Nadu he had founded the `` Saradha Nadhaswara Sangeetha Ashram '' with the sole aim of imparting knowledge of music - Nadhaswaram playing in particular to younger generation and he achieved in producing a number of notable students from the Ashram .
Films Division made a film on Dr. Sheik Chinna Moulana .
This film has been selected for the 31st National .
 Film Festival of India 's and also for the International film the International Music Festival of India 's .
 Dr.Sheik Chinna Moulana died on April 13 , 1999 in Srirangam , aged 75 at the abode Lord Ranganatha after brief illness .
 After Dr. Sheik Chinna Moulana death , Dr. Sheik Chinna Moulana grandsons & disciples Kasim have established a Trust in memory of their Guru and grandfather - `` Dr.Chinnamoulana Memorial Trust '' .
The prime objective of the Trust is to globalize the importance of Nadhaswaram Music .
The Trust is rendering noble service - by presenting Nadhswaram instruments to deserving students and also purses to senior indigent artistes of the Nadhaswaram fraternity .
Smt .
Bibijan is the only daughter of Sheik Chinna Moulana .
 Chinna Moulana taught vocal music to Dr. Sheik Chinna Moulana daughter .
Sheik Subhan Sahib is the son in law and also disciple of Sheik Chinna Moulana .
Subhan Sahib accompanied sheik in concerts for few years .
Chinna Moulana has five grand sons and one granddaughter .
 Of Dr. Sheik Chinna Moulana five grandsons , Chinna Moulana trained Kasim and Babu vigorously and the brothers accompanied Chinna Moulana in Dr. Sheik Chinna Moulana concerts both in home and abroad for many years .
 Today , Kasim are the front ranking Nadhaswaram artistes and are the torch bearers of Chinnamoulana 's tradition
Thanjavur Quartet or Tanjore Quartet were four brothers who lived during the early 19th century and contributed to the development of the Indian classical dance Bharatanatyam and Carnatic music .
 While The four brothers excelled in the art of Bharatanatyam , The four brothers have also authored a number of Tana varnams and Kritis .
 The brothers Chinnayya Pillai , Ponnayya Pillai , Sivanandam Pillai and Vadivelu Pillai were employed in the courts of the Maratha King Serfoji II at Thanjavur .
 At the encouragement of the King The brothers Chinnayya Pillai learnt the nuances of Carnatic music from a number of exponents of The brothers Chinnayya Pillai time including Muthuswami Dikshitar .
Dikshitar appreciated Vadivelu Pillai as an ekasandhagrahi , one who had the ability to repeat a song heard only once .
The quartet wrote a set of nine songs called navaratna mala in tribute of their teacher .
After a stint at the courts of Serfoji , the brothers moved to Travancore and were patronised by Swati Tirunal .
The king appointed Vadivelu Pillai as the court musician .
Vadivelu Pillai also learnt to play the violin gained expertise and demonstrated that not oly Kalpita sangeetam but Manodharma sangeetam could also be easily and deftly played on the instrument .
 After the Baluswami Dikshitar brother of Muthuswamy Muthuswami Dikshitar have learnt violin from European missionary and introduced Muthuswami Dikshitar in Carnatic music .
 Vadivelu Pillai also introduced the concept of Mohiniaattam .
Until then Kathakali was the prevalent dance form in Kerala and was confined to male dancers .
 Vadivelu Pillai elaborated and refined Mohiniattam along with Maharaja Swathi Tirunal , and this paved the way for women dancers in Kerala .
The four brothers composed numerous varnams and kritis .
Some of these are Amba Souramba and Amba Neelamba , Ambaneelambari , Satileni , apart from the navaratna mala
Abheri is a raga in Carnatic music .
It is a Janya raga , whose Melakarta raga is Kharaharapriya , 22nd in the 72 Melakarta raga system .
 Bhimplasi of Hindustani music sounds pretty close to Abheri .
 Abheri is an audava-sampoorna raga .
 Abheri structure is as follows : .
The swaras in this scale are Chathusruthi Rishabham , Sadharana Gandharam , Suddha Madhyamam , Chathusruthi Dhaivatham and Kaisiki Nishadham .
 In addition to these swaras , there are gamakas which also form part of Abheri .
 The ascending scale is same as that of Udayaravichandrika raga , while the descending scale is that of Kharaharapriya raga .
 There are some differing views on swaras in the scale of Abheri .
 the scale of Abheri is considered a Bhashanga raga , with introduction of Suddha Dhiavatham in some phrases of the raga .
A different view is that this raga is a janya of Natabhairavi , with D2 being the anya swara .
 This raga is closer to Bhagyasree Gandharam as for Bhagyasree Gandharam is sung softly .
 Thus a subtle difference of Gandhara makes a listener to feel this raga as Bhagyasree Gandharam .
 A very popular composition in Abheri raga is Nagumomu Ganaleni , a kriti by Thyagaraja , one of the three eminent composers in Carnatic music .
Another well known composition is Bhajare Re Manasa , a kriti written by Mysore Vasudevachar .
Muthuswami Dikshitar has composed Veenabheri in this raga .
 However , the Abheri of Muthuswami Dikshitar might be quite different from what is considered Abheri today .
There are many thukadas composed in this raga of which Vellai Thamarai penned by Subramanya Bharathi is noteworthy .
This raga has been extensively used in movie songs / movie music .
The most popular movie song in this raga is Aakaasa veedhilo from the old Telugu classic movie Malliswari sung by Ghantasala and Bhanumati .
An excellent rendition of this Raaga can be found in one of L. Shankar Albums Raga Aberi .
 this Raaga received a Grammy Nomination for this composition .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Abheris notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 3 other janya ragams , namely , Mohanakalyani , Kedaragaula and Arabhi .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the Shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
In case of Janya ragams , only notes that occur in both ascending and descending scale are taken for this change .
For further details and an illustration of Graha bhedam refer Graha bhedam on Sankarabharanam
Gambhiranata is a raga in Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is an audava ragam .
 Carnatic is a janya raga , as Carnatic does not have all the seven swaras .
 Gambhiranata is also known as Shuddha Nata .
 Gambhiranata is a symmetric raga that does not contain rishabham or dhaivatam .
 Carnatic is a pentatonic scale .
Its ascending and descending scale structure is as follows : .
The notes used in this scale are shadjam , antara gandharam , shuddha madhyamam , panchamam and kakali nishadam .
 Gambhiranata is considered a janya ragam of Chalanata , the 36th Melakarta ragam , though it can be derived from 8 other melakarta ragams , by dropping both rishabham and dhaivatam .
 Gambhiranata ragam lends Gambhiranata ragam for elaboration due to the pentatonic nature and symmetricity of the scale .
The mallari tune played in Nadhaswaram at temple processions are set to this musical scale .
Here are some compositions set to this scale .
Famous film song Narumugaiye from Iruvar is composed in this ragam by A R Rahman .
Gambhiranatas notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields another pentatonic ragam , Bhupalam .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 For more details and illustration of this concept refer Graha bhedam on Gambhiranata
Salagam is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Salagam is the 37th melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Salagam is called Sowgandini in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
 Salagam is the 1st ragam in the 7th chakra Rishi .
The mnemonic name is Rishi-Pa .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ra ga mi pa dha na .
 The mnemonic phrase structure is as follows : .
In this scale , the notes shuddha rishabham , shuddha gandharam , prati madhyamam , shuddha dhaivatham and shuddha nishadham are used .
As Salagam is a melakarta ragam , by definition it is a sampoorna ragam .
It is the prati madhyamam equivalent of Kanakangi , which is the first melakarta .
 Salagam has a minor janya ragam associated with Salagam .
See List of janya ragams for full list of ragams associated with Salagam and other melakartas .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
 Salagams notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields no other melakarta ragam , like all 6 ragams in the the 7th chakra Rishi chakra .
 Only these ragams have a gap of 3 notes anywhere in Only these ragams scale , between G1 to M2 .
Such a gap does not occur in any other melakarta by definition .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam
Kalyanavasantam is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Kalyanavasantam is a janya ragam from the 21st melakarta scale Keeravani .
 Kalyanavasantam is a janya scale , as Kalyanavasantam does not have all the seven swaras in the ascending scale .
 Kalyanavasantam is a combination of the pentatonic scale Chandrakauns of Hindusthani music and the sampurna raga scale Keeravani .
 Kalyanavasantam is an asymmetric ragam that does not contain rishabham or panchamam in the ascending scale .
 Kalyanavasantam is an audava-sampurna ragam .
 Kalyanavasantam structure is as follows : .
The notes used in this scale are shadjam , sadharana gandharam , shuddha madhyamam , shuddha dhaivatham and kakali nishadham in ascending scale , with panchamam and chathusruthi rishabham included in descending scale .
 For the details of the notations and terms , see swaras in Carnatic music .
There are a few compositions set to Kalyanavasantam ragam .
 Here are some popular kritis composed in Kalyanavasantam .
Saagarasuthaam Aaradhyaye composed by Mrs. Kalyani Varadarajan .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam
Graha Bhedam in Carnatic music is the process of shifting the Tonic note to another note in the ragam and arriving at a different ragam .
Graha literally means position and Bhedam means change .
Since the position of the sruti is changed , it is also sometimes called Swara Bhedam or Sruti Bhedam though Sruti Bhedam and Graha Bhedam have some technical differences .
Modal shift of the Tonic note to higher notes of a ragam , while retaining the notes positions , results in different ragams .
This is called Graha Bhedam .
A simple practical demonstration of Graha Bhedam can be taken up by playing the structure of a ragam with the drone set to Sa .
Then if we keep playing the same keys / notes , while shifting the drone to another note in the ragam , to form the new sruti / tonic note , the result is a different ragam .
 When Graha bhedam is applied on Shankarabharanam s notes , the drone set to Sa yields 5 other major Melakarta ragams , namely , Kalyani , Hanumatodi , Natabhairavi , Kharaharapriya and Harikambhoji .
Graha Bhedam can be applied on most Melakarta ragams to yield other Melakarta ragams .
When applying such modal shift of tonic note , some results are not valid Melakarta ragams .
Example scenarios are missing Panchamam or two of particular note , Gandharam , Madhyamam , Dhaivatam or Nishadam -RRB- .
The Graha Bhedam derivative of Kanakangi is Kamavardhini and vice-versa .
The Graha Bhedam derivatives of Mayamalavagowla are Rasikapriya and Simhendramadhyamam .
The Graha Bhedam derivative of Ragavardhini is Varunapriya and vice-versa .
The Graha Bhedam derivatives of Vachaspati are Charukesi , Gourimanohari and Natakapriya .
The Graha Bhedam derivatives of Shanmukhapriya are Shoolini , Dhenuka and Chitrambari .
The Graha Bhedam derivatives of Keeravani are Hemavati , Vakulabharanam and Kosalam .
The Graha Bhedam derivatives of Ratnangi are Gamanashrama and Jhankaradhwani .
The Graha Bhedam derivatives of Ganamurti are Vishwambari and Shamalangi .
The Graha Bhedam derivative of Vanaspati is Mararanjani and vice-versa .
The Graha Bhedam derivative of Manavati is Kantamani and vice-versa .
The Graha Bhedam derivatives of Sooryakantam are Senavati and Latangi .
The Graha Bhedam derivative of Kokilapriya is Rishabhapriya and vice-versa .
The Graha Bhedam derivative of Gayakapriya is Dhatuvardani and vice-versa .
The Graha Bhedam derivatives of Dharmavati are Chakravakam and Sarasangi .
The Graha Bhedam derivative of Hatakambari is Gavambhodi and vice-versa .
The graha bhedam derivatives of Naganandini are Bhavapriya and Vagadheeshwari .
The graha bhedam derivative of Gangeyabhooshani is Neetimati and vice-versa .
The graha bhedam derivative of Chalanata is Shubhapantuvarali and vice-versa .
The graha bhedam derivative of Shadvidamargini is Nasikabhooshani and vice-versa .
Graha bhedam can be applied to some of the janya ragams to yield other janya ragams .
Unlike Melakarta ragams , where strict rules are adhered to , in terms of which swaras can be chosen in a ragam , janya ragams do not have such rules .
Hence , such modal shift of tonic note is valid on all swaras , but may not have been chosen as a ragam , experimented , elaborated and composed .
Hence they lead to theoretical ragams , which have not yet been discovered .
 Mohanam ragam and Mohanam ragam graha bhedam derivatives are one of the key scales in use all over the world , especially East and South Asia .
The other four derivatives are Hindolam , Shuddha Saveri , Udayaravichandrika and Madhyamavathi .
Shivaranjani ragam and its Graha Bhedam derivatives are Revati and Sunadavinodini .
Hamsadhwani ragam and its graha bhedam derivative is Nagasvaravali .
Abhogi ragam and its graha bhedam derivative is Valaji .
 Amritavarshini ragam and Amritavarshini graha bhedam derivative is Karnataka Shuddha Saveri .
 Gambhiranata ragam and Bhupalam graha bhedam derivative is Bhupalam
Pantula Rama was born into a family with a lineage of music .
Her parents are Pantula Gopala Rao and Pantula Padmavathi a veena artiste .
 Pantula Gopala Rao holds a Ph.D. .
 in music from Andhra University for Pantula Gopala Rao thesis : A study of the shaping of an ideal musician through saadhana , published by Gyan Publishers of New Delhi .
 Pantula Gopala Rao has an MA and BA in music from Andhra University , where Pantula Gopala Rao won gold medals each time and has been a University Topper .
 Pantula Gopala Rao initial training was given to Pantula Gopala Rao by Pantula Gopala Rao father , and advanced training under Sangeeta Kalasagara Ivaturi Vijayeswara Rao .
 Apart from being a Top grade Vocalist , a Top grade Vocalist has a B High in violin and viola from All India Radio in the carnatic style .
 a Top grade Vocalist is a Reiki Master in the Natural Usui system of healing .
 a Top grade Vocalist also has a diploma in fashion Designing , and is an active fund raiser for events based on social and philanthropic causes .
 Pantula Rama has been performing since a Top grade Vocalist was eight .
 a Top grade Vocalist technical perfection conforms to the best classical standards .
 a Top grade Vocalist has performed across the country and abroad .
 a Top grade Vocalist has also presented various lecture-demonstrations like ` Musical excellence of Shyama Sastri ' , ` Sadhana of Carnatic Music ' , ` Ragam Tanam Pallavi ' .
Conducted ` Nowkacharitam ' - Musical Opera of Thyagaraja .
A multitalented personality , Dr. Pantula Rama accompanies many artists of repute on violin .
Pantula Rama is married to Mutnury Srinivasa Narasimha Murthy , an electronics engineer by providence and musician by choice , violinist in Akashavani graded Top Grade for violin , and A grade in viola and vocal
Alapana is a form of melodic improvisation that introduces and develops a raga in Indian classical music .
As a term that is Sanskrit in language , alapana means to speak , address , discourse , communicate .
The flavor of the raga is outlined in the alapana by rendering the ragas permitted notes in structures and phrases unique to the raga .
 Alapana typically precedes a song that is going to be sung in the same raga .
 Alapana is rendered in different speeds , with a gradual increase in tempo .
Likewise , the complexity of the patterns increases steadily as the alapana progresses .
In Carnatic music , alapana , sometimes also called ragam , is the exposition of a raga or tone - a slow improvisation with no rhythm , where the raga acts as the basis of embellishment .
In performing alapana , performers consider each raga as an object that has beginnings and endings and consists somehow of sequences of thought .
 In a Carnatic music concert , the alapana introducing a major composition may last 45 minutes or more , while those preceding other compositions are proportionatey shorter .
Performers and instrumental accompanists often render the alapana together and individually .
Hindustani music features percussion accompaniment to raga alapanas once the phrasing has picked up sufficient complexity and tempo .
In a concert , alapana typically takes center stage .
Entire concerts may be devoted to the exposition of just one or two ragas , with each alapana segment followed by a few lines of a song also improvised within the constraints of the ragas scale and characteristic phrases
Guruvayur Dorai is an Indian percussionist .
 Guruvayur Dorai is one of the most senior-most exponents of the South Indian classical percussion instrument , the mridangam .
 Guruvayur Dorai had Guruvayur Dorai initial training under Palghat Subba Iyer and E.P. Narayana Pisharody , and later from the legendary master Palani Subramaniam Pillai .
 Initiating Guruvayur Dorai concert performances at the age of eight , Guruvayur Dorai has performed on the concert platform for the past 60 years .
 Guruvayur Dorai wide range of efforts in the field of mridangam and music have helped propagate the art around the globe .
An exponent of the Pudukottai style of mridangam , Guruvayur Dorai was born in Guruvayur , Kerala , to G.S. Krishna Iyer and Meenakshi .
 mridangam , Guruvayur Dorai father was a priest and mother , a housewife .
 His father has two brothers and three sisters .
 His father sister Guruvayur Ponnammal was a highly reputed singer at the time .
 His sister Guruvayur Ponnammal other sister is a reputed music teacher in Madras , while His sister Guruvayur Ponnammal brother , G.K.Rajamani is a notable violinist living in Palghat .
 Young Dorai had a penchant for percussion and was frequently seen drumming on Guruvayur Dorai body with Guruvayur Dorai fingers even while in sleep .
 Struck by polio at the age of five , Guruvayur Dorai father thought it would be difficult for Guruvayur Dorai to go outside of Guruvayur for higher studies and a job .
There was already a vocalist and a violinist in the family , a mridangist was all that was lacking .
 So his father decided to sculpt His father into one .
 His father father thought His sister Guruvayur Ponnammal , Rajamani and Guruvayur Dorai could give concerts together and that the siblings would take care of Guruvayur Dorai .
 Moreover , Ponnammal , Rajamani and Dorai could make a living out of care of Dorai .
 Guruvayur Dorai began to learn mridangam under the Late Palghat Subba Iyer when the Late Palghat Subba Iyer was six .
 E.P. Narayana Pisharody of Eranallur also taught E.P. Narayana Pisharody of Eranallur at this time .
Pisharodys book Mridanga Nada Manjari was published by Guruvayur Dorai on September 23 , 2001 .
The legendary vocalist Chembai Vaidhyanatha Bhagavathar was teaching Ponnammal at that time .
 Whenever he came to Guruvayur , Chembai used to stay at their house .
 He took active interest in Guruvayur Dorai on September 23 , 2001 mridangam practice .
 Guruvayur Dorai had Guruvayur Dorai debut performance at the age of eight , performing with none other than Guruvayur , Chembai Guruvayur , Chembai .
 1949 was a watershed in Guruvayur Dorai on September 23 , 2001 career , as Guruvayur Dorai on September 23 , 2001 came to Chennai for the first time to perform with Guruvayur , Chembai in a concert .
 Meanwhile , His sister Guruvayur Ponnammal got a chance to sing in a Malayalam film .
 As the opportunities were more copious in Chennai , their father decided to settle there .
 Guruvayur Dorai , His sister Guruvayur Ponnammal , Rajamani and the father stayed in a rented house in the city while the rest of the family remained in Guruvayur .
 In the same year , Guruvayur Dorai also happened to meet the legendary mridangam artist Palani Subramaniam Pillai in Thirupoontharai .
 After Palani Subramaniam Pillai moved to Madras in 1953 , Guruvayur Dorai commenced classes with the maestro .
 This helped Palani Subramaniam Pillai understand and absorb the complexities of the Pudukottai style of mridangam .
 Guruvayur Dorai stayed with Palani Subramaniam Pillai in Guruvayur Dorai residence for nearly nine years in the gurukulavasam fashion .
 Guruvayur Dorai performed with nearly all the eminent artists even at a young age , including Musiri Subramania lyer , M. D. Ramanathan , Semmangudi Srinivasa lyer , M. S. Subbulakshmi , G. N. Balasubramaniam , Dwaram Venkataswamy Naidu , S. Balachander , Chitti Babu , T. R. Mahalingam , Mysore T. Chowdiah , Palghat Ghatam Sundaram , Alangudi Ramachandran , G. Harishankar and others .
 Guruvayur Dorai also accompanied Sr. .
Vinjamuri Varadaraja Iyengar on multiple occasion to concerts across Andhrapadesh .
An excerpt from his interview - He encouraged me very much , kept me with him and let me play for him .
 Apart from An excerpt from his interview , I gave a lot of kutcheries in Andhra Pradesh .
For all those places , Vinjamuri Varadaraja Iyengar took me with him ; like Kakinada , Guntur , Tenali , Vijayawada and to many other places he took me with him and introduced me .
Because of his taking me with him , those Sabhas / people got acquainted with me and got to know me .
Read More About the Interview .
Moreover , he is one of the few mridangists who has performed with nagaswaram wizards , namely T.N.Rajarathnam Pillai , Thiruvengadu Subramanium Pillai in 1951 , and Namagiripettai Krishnan .
He has also performed with leading present-day artists including T. V. Sankaranarayanan , T. N. Seshagopalan , Neyveli Santhanagopalan , Chitraveena N. Ravikiran and others
Namagiripettai K Krishnan is a Carnatic musician who plays the Nadaswaram .
 Namagiripettai K Krishnan was born in Sendhamangalam village in Namakkal district , Tamil Nadu , India .
 Namagiripettai K Krishnan gave many performances across the country .
 In 1981 , Namagiripettai K Krishnan was awarded the Padmashri by the Indian government for Namagiripettai K Krishnan contributions to Carnatic music .
 Namagiripettai K Krishnan was also the Asthana Sangeetha Vidwan for the Tirumala Venkateswara Temple
Krishna Ni Begane Baro is a famous classical song in Kannada Language .
It is composed in Raagam : Yamunaa KalyaaNi by Vyasatirtha .
The Taalam is Misra Chapu .
 Vyasaraya Tirtha or Vyasatirtha , a Haridasa , was born at Bannur in the Mysore District of Karnataka state .
 Vyasaraya Tirtha is regarded as one of the foremost dialecticians in the history of Indian philosophy .
 Vyasaraya Tirtha belonged to the Dvaita school of Madhvacharya .
 Vyasaraya Tirtha along with Jayatirtha , helped in systematizing Dvaita into an established school of Vedic thought .
Vyasatirthas genius lay in his clear understanding and exposition of all his opposing schools of thought , for which even his opponents admired him .
He was a master at debate and dialogue in logic and philosophy .
The text of the lyric of the song has several versions with minor changes in the words .
This happened because many of the Carnatic musicians who propagated the song did not have knowledge of Kannada .
A popular version of this famous Kriti of Vyasaraya is given here .
kAlalandigE gejjE , neelada bAvuli ; neelavarNane nATyavanADuta bArO .
kaTiyalli uDugejje , beraLalli ungura ; koraLallu dharisida vaijayanti mAle .
kASi pItAmbara , kaiyalli koLalu ; pUSida SrIgandha maiyoLaganda .
tAyigE bAyalli jagavanne thorida ; jagadOddhAraka namma uDupi SrI krishNa .
2 : On the waist , the waistband ; on the fingerthe ring -LSB- s ; the neck adorned with the Vaijayanti garland * .
3 : Dressed in yellow Kashi flute in hand , and -LSB- with the anointed sandal scent from the body .
4 : The One who showed the world in the mouth to the mother , the upholder of the world !
our Udupi Shri Krishna !
Sheik Mahaboob Subhani is an Indian classical music nagaswaram artist .
 Sheik Mahaboob Subhani performs with Sheik Mahaboob Subhani wife Kaleeshabi Mahaboob , also a nagaswaram artist .
Sheik Mahaboob Subhani was born in Prakasam district in Andhra Pradesh .
 Sheik Mahaboob Subhani father Kothapalli Sheikh Meera Sahib , and His father Kothapalli Sheikh Meera Sahib maternal grandfather , Nadhabrahma Nadaswara Ganakala Prapoorna Janab Sheikh Chinna Peer Sahib , were also nagaswaram artists .
 His father Kothapalli Sheikh Meera Sahib received training at Sarada Sangeetha Kalasala , Kurnool and later under legendary instrumentalist , Sheikh Chinna Moulana Sahib .
 Sheik Mahaboob Subhani started Sheik Mahaboob Subhani performing when Sheik Mahaboob Subhani was seven , but due to family circumstances Sheik Mahaboob Subhani had to work as a clerk in a tobacco company .
 Sheik Mahaboob Subhani renders popular carnatic ragas and kritis on nagaswaram
 T. V. Sankaranarayanan is an eminent and popular Carnatic vocalist , known for T. V. Sankaranarayanan vibrant music that essentially stems from the style of T. V. Sankaranarayanan late uncle-guru , Madurai Mani Iyer .
Padma Bhushan Sankaranarayanan , a winner of the Sangeetha Kalanidhi award instituted by the Madras Music Academy , is particularly noted for the easy reach of his voice to the upper notes and colorful delineation of the Swaraprastaram .
He was born in Mayiladuturai of Thanjavur district in the state of Tamil Nadu in south India .
At the age of nine , he started learning music from his uncle , Madurai Mani Iyer .
 He made his debut on the concert platform in 1968 and then gradually established himself as a Carnatic vocalist .
His emotion-laden style of singing has won him a large following among music lovers .
He has performed widely at home and abroad and has several albums to his credit .
 In a profile published in the Financial Express , Subbudu , a music critic , once wrote : Padma Bhushan Sankaranarayanan is indeed an asset to the Carnatic music world , where the tribe of good vocalists is dwindling
Erode Nagaraj is a professional player of the Mrudangam instrument .
 Nagaraj learned initially from Palladam V. Ramachandran and has been the disciple of Umayalpuram K. Sivaraman for over 14 years .
 Nagaraj has been a lecturer in the Thanjavur Vaidyanatha Iyer School for Percussion in Chennai .
 Nagaraj also conducts online classes for performers and students in the United States , United Kingdom , France and other countries .
3 .
 `` Erode Nagarajan 's genius was evident throughout the concert and reached great heights when Nagarajan 's genius played defining tani in the kanda jathi eka thalam in chathusra nadai '' - http://www.hindu.com/ms/2006/01/10/stories/2006011000220600.htm
 the name Kharaharapriya is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 the name Kharaharapriya is the 22nd melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system .
 the name Kharaharapriya has a distinct melody and brings out the Karuna rasam , invoking pathos in the listeners .
 The Kafi thaat of Hindustani music is the equivalent of the name Kharaharapriya .
There are many theories behind the etymology of the name Kharaharapriya .
The most popular interpretation of the name is Loved by the slayer of demon Khara .
It is 4th ragam in the 4th chakra Veda .
The mnemonic name is Veda-Bhu .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ri gi ma pa dhi ni .
 The mnemonic phrase structure is as follows : .
The notes are chatushruti rishabham , sadharana gandharam , shuddha madhyamam , chatushruti dhaivatam and kaisiki Nishadam .
It is a sampoorna ragam - scale having all 7 swarams .
It is the shuddha madhyamam equivalent of Hemavati , which is the 58th melakarta scale .
 Since the swaras of the name Kharaharapriya are quite evenly spaced , and since several different types of gamakas are allowed , it is a very versatile , fluid and flexible ragam that allows for elaborate melodic improvisation within the name Kharaharapriya scale .
 Songs sung in the name Kharaharapriya ragas typically have long , elaborate alapanas , which exhibit the fluidity of the ragam .
 Kharaharapriya songs are usually meant to be sung slow , medium or medium-fast , in order to bring out the Karuna rasa and bhava of the song .
 Due to the even spacing of the swaras of Kharaharapriya , many janya ragams are associated with Kharaharapriya .
It is one of the melakarta scales that has a large number of janya ragams .
 Many of the janya ragams are very popular on Many of the janya ragams own , lending Many of the janya ragams to elaboration and interpretation .
 Some of Many of the janya ragams are Abheri , Abhogi , Andolika , Bhimplaas , Brindavana Saranga , Kapi , Madhyamavati , Mukhari , Reetigowla , Shree , Dhanaashri , Udayaravichandrika , Shivaranjani and Sriranjani .
See List of janya ragams for full list of scales associated with Kharaharapriya .
 the name Kharaharapriya has been decorated with compositions by many composers .
All except the Dikshitars , including Muthuswami Dikshitar , have composed songs in this ragam .
Thyagaraja has composed many in this ragam .
 Muthuswami Dikshitar , one of the three most important composers in Carnatic music , has not composed kritis in the name Kharaharapriya , but has composed kritis in a closely related ragam Harapriya , which bears stark similarities to the name Kharaharapriya .
A few of the popular compositions are listed here .
 The basic scale of the name Kharaharapriya has been used in several film songs in Indian film music .
Although rarely authentic , there are several film songs that are set in this scale , or scales derived from this ragam .
 Ace singer P. Unni Krishnan released Ace singer P. Unni Krishnan 2012 album on Lord Ayyappan titled Shabaimalai Va Charanam Solli Va in which Ace singer P. Unni Krishnan has rendered a song in the name Kharaharapriya raagam set in classical melody .
The song also illustrates how the Lord learnt the Kalari fight in Cheerappanchira which houses a temple called Mukkal Vattam managed by Lords Guruvamsam even now .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Kharaharapriyas notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 5 other major melakarta ragams , namely , Kalyani , Hanumatodi , Natabhairavi , Shankarabharanam and Harikambhoji .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 For further details and an illustration of Graha bhedam of this ragam refer Graha bhedam on Shankarabharanam
Mavelikkara Velukutty Nair was an Indian mridangam player .
Mavelikkara Velukkutty Nair was born on 2 October 1926 in Chettikulangara , Alleppey district , Kerala .
 Mavelikkara Velukkutty Nair had undergone preliminary lessons in Mridangam from father Mridanga Vidwan Muthukulam S. Kumara Pillai .
Later undergone advanced training from Maestro Sangeetha Kalanidhi Padmabhooshan Palghat Mani Iyer under Gurukula system for a period of 8 years .
 Late Palghat R. Raghu and Umayalpuram K. Sivaraman were also disciples of Palghat Mani Iyer along with R. Raghu .
 R. Raghu joined the Kerala State Government Service as Teacher in Mridangam at the Sri .
Swathi Thirunal College of Music in 1959 .
 R. Raghu has the distinction of being the first teaching faculty at the mridangam department of the Sri .
Swathi Thirunal College of Music , Trivandrum .
 R. Raghu retired as Professor and Head , Department of Mridangam from the same college in 1982 .
 Had been Visiting Professor during 1984-85 .
Had been imparting advanced training to students from across the country with Government of India cultural scholarship .
 The curriculum on mridangam developed by Professor is still being followed in all the three music colleges in the State .
He was an avowed vocalist too .
He was one of the very few Mridangam artists who had proved both as a brilliant performer as well as a great Guru .
He died on 24 July 2012 .
He is survived by wife Rajamma , three sons and five daughters .
His son N V Babunarayanan is a noted violinist .
Guru of a big list of disciples from all over the country , which includes Changanasseri B Harikumar , Late T V Vasan , Trivandrum V Surendran , Prof. Parassala B Ravi , Alleppey Chandrasekharan Nair , R. Vydianathan , Erickavu N. Sunil , Kadakkavoor Rajeshnath , Mavelikkara Balachandran , Vaikom Venugopal , Trikkakkara Y N Santharam , Kadanad V K Gopi , Pandalam Jayaprakash , Yogeesh Sharma , Changanassery Jayan , Trivandrum Balasubramoniom , Balu Rajendrakurup , Kollam Vidyadharan etc. .
He had accompanied concerts of 4 generations of musicians , starting from the leading exponents of Karnatic Music .
The list includes Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar , Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer , Alathur Brothers , G. N. Balasubramaniam , Emani Sankara Sastry , Madhurai Mani Iyer , Nedunoori Krishnamoorthy , K. V. Narayanaswamy , M. D. Ramanathan , Dr. S. Ramanathan , Olleti Venkiteswaralu , Rajamundri M. S. Balasubrahmanya Sharma , D. K. Pattammal , D. K. Jayaraman , M. L. Vasanthakumari , T. V. Sankaranarayanan , Dr. M. Balamuralikrishna , K. S. Narayana Swami , S. Balachandar , Chitti Babu , T. N. Krishnan , Lalgudi Jayaraman , M. S. Gopalakrishnan , Maharajapuram Santhanam , T. N. Seshagopalan , Trichur V. Ramachandran , Mavelikkara Prabhakara Varma , Neyyattinkara Vasudevan , Vaikom Vasudevan Nair , T. K. Govinda Rao , Parassala B. Ponnammal , T. S. Kalyanaraman , T. M. Thyagarajan , Dr. N. Ramani , Dr. K. J. Yesudas , O. S Thyagarajan , U. Srinivas , T. V. Gopalakrishnan , T. M. Krishna , Chitravina N. Ravikiran , Sankaran Namboothiri , Sanjay Subrahmanyan , Sreevalsan J Menon , etc. .
 Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar had performed a few vocal concerts as well for which Maestros Umayalpuram K. Sivaraman and Guruvayur Dorai had accompanied on Mridangam
Jayashri Ramnath is an Indian Carnatic music vocalist and Academy Award nominated music composer .
 Jayashri Ramnath is a disciple of violin maestro Lalgudi Jayaraman .
Jayashri was born in Kolkata , into a family of music connoisseurs and musicians .
 While growing up in Mumbai , she started training in Indian Carnatic music under the guidance of Indian Carnatic parents Seetha and N. N. Subramaniam .
She attended St. Anthonys High School in Chembur .
Soon , she went on to learn with T. R. Balamani , and trained under her for a period of 10 years .
Jayashri was also initiated into Hindustani music and trained under Mahavir Jaipurvale and Ajay Pohankar for about six years .
When she moved to Chennai , she came under the guidance and mentorship of her guru Lalgudi Jayaraman .
She also learnt the veena from G. N. Dhandapani Iyer .
 Jayashri has a Bachelor of Commerce degree from R.A. Podar College , Mumbai .
She also has a Diploma in Music from Gandharva Mahavidyalaya , New Delhi .
Jayashri performed her first concert in 1982 .
She has performed at various festivals and venues all across India and in over twenty different countries .
 In India , she has performed in all the major cities .
 In New Delhi : The Rashtrapati Bhavan , Vishnu Digambar festival , Gandharva Mahavidyalaya , Sri Shanmukhananda Sabha , India International Centre and Bhakti Utsav .
 Digambar has performed also at Saptak , Ahmedabad ; The Music Academy and Sri Krishna Gana Sabha , Chennai ; ITC Sangeet Research Academy , Kolkata ; NCPA and Sri Shanmukhananda Sabha , Mumbai ; Chowdiah Memorial Hall and Vasantha Habba , Bangalore ; Kuthira Malika and Soorya Festival , Trivandrum , The Palace of Mysore and at the Matrimandir Amphitheatre at Auroville .
 Across India , Digambar has performed for the Spirit of Unity Concerts for National Integration , SPIC MACAY Festivals and All India Radios Sangeet Sammelan .
 In the US , Digambar has performed at the World Music Institute - New York ; University of Arizona - Tucson ; University of Texas - Austin ; MIT - Boston ; University of Louisiana - New Orleans ; Cornell University and Amherst College .
Jayashris Europe tours have included venues such as : Saddlers Wells and Queen Elizabeth Hall - London ; Festival of Sacred Voices and Museum Rietberg - Switzerland ; Vantaa Festival and The Russian Opera House - Helsinki , Finland ; Theatre de la Ville , Festival of Nantes , The Museum of Sculpture and Arts , Musee des Asiatiques and Citi de la Musique - in France ; Casa da Musica a Porto - Portugal ; Sala de Camera - Spain and at the University of Cologne .
 Queen Elizabeth Hall has also performed at The Royal Opera House - Durban , Monash University - Melbourne and Esplanade Theatre - Singapore .
 Bombay Jayashris jugalbandis with Ronu Majumdar and Shubha Mudgal have been very well received .
 Shubha Mudgal has dialogued with artistes in dance like Leela Samson and Priyadarsini Govind .
Jayashri has sung Thirukkural and an Annamacharya verse in the prestigious audio autobiography - Wings of Fire of former President Shri Abdul Kalam .
She performed in Bhaire Baanvari , the story of Meera , conceptualized and directed by Gowri Ramnarayan .
She also was a part of Mathemagician with actor V Balakrishnan and written by Gowri Ramnarayan .
Jayashri also performed at the MTV Coke Studio Season 1 with Ustad Rashid Khan and Richa Sharma .
Jayashri also conceptualized Listening to Life - A concert that features the journey of a musician as a lover of music .
Her quest to interact and experiment with various forms of music has resulted in collaborations with various eminent artistes from around the world .
She has sung with Egyptian singer Hisham Abbas and Senegalese singer Thione Seck .
 In 2008 , she was part of an Indo-Finnish venture ` Red Earth and Pouring Rain ' , where she sang Kuruntokai -- ancient poems from Sangam literature - with Avanti , a Philharmonic Orchestra from Helsinki , Finland and set to music by Eero Hameenniemi .
 In 2012 , she sang the poetry of Mirza Ghalib composed by Eero Hameenniemi at the Vantaa Festival festival , Helsinki , Finland .
 Jayashri is also a much sought after playback singer and her limited foray into film music has won her the Filmfare award for the popular number Vaseegara for the Tamil film Minnale which later was remade in Hindi as Rehna Hai Tere Dil Mein in which she sang the Hindi version of the same song , thus drawing a new class of listeners into the world of classical music .
She sang in Mahesh Dattanis Morning Raga for the music of Amit Heri .
 She has also sung in various films in Hindi , Kannada , Telugu and Malayalam languages .
 Jayashri has had the rare opportunity of working with Oscar-winning director Ang Lee on Oscar-winning director Ang Lee motion picture , Life of Pi .
She wrote and performed the lyrics for Pis Lullaby , which was nominated for the 2013 Oscars in the Best Original Song category .
She has also composed music for actor Revathi s films Verukku Neer and Kerala Cafe .
In 2004 , Jayashri composed music for Silappadhikaaram , a dance drama commissioned by the Cleveland Cultural Alliance .
In 2001 , Jayashri , along with Sanjay Subrahmanyan and T. M. Krishna wrote the book Prof. Sambamoorthy , the visionary musicologist , detailing the life and times of Prof.Sambamoorthy - eminent Indian musicologist .
 The book was published to commemorate Sanjay Subrahmanyan birth centenary .
 In 2007 , Jayashri , T. M. Krishna - leading Indian Carnatic vocalist and Mythili Chandrasekar - Senior Vice President at JWT together wrote the book , - a one-of-a-kind coffee table book that captures the pioneering spirit of 7 of the greatest Indian Carnatic masters of the previous generations .
Jayashri featured in the first full length Carnatic music film ` Margazhi Ragam ' , conceptualized by Director P Jayendra .
This was a ground breaking venture that showed Carnatic music in a whole different light .
The movie , released in 2008 , used the very best and latest technologies for video and sound recording .
In her quest to reach music to the next generation , she along with T. M. Krishna and YACM initiated Svanubhava -- a week-long Music Festival , exclusively for students of music , which continues to be conducted annually .
Another dimension of music which Jayashri is focused on is in exploring the therapeutic and healing value that music can generate .
She has been working closely with institution like Kilikili in Karnataka and Sankalp in Tamil Nadu which care for autistic children .
This domain is a matter of serious engagement for Jayashri and her students .
 Some other institutions that Jayashri has worked with include : The Banyan Chennai , Vasantha Memorial Trust , Stepping Stones Orphanage Home , Malaysia , Multiple Sclerosis Society of India , Bangalore and more .
A trust named after Carnatic musician Irayimman Thampi has accused Bombay Jayashris Oscar-nominated song Pis Lullaby of not being an original composition .
 The trust has alleged that the first eight lines of the song is a word-by-word translation of composer Thampis renowned lullaby in Malayalam Omanathinkal Kidavo .
However Jayashri has denied the allegation .
 Incidentally Jayashri had rendered Omanathinkal Kidavo Malayalam version back in 2001 in her album Vatsalyam - a collection of traditional Indian lullabies .
Jayashri was one among the singers who sang the Semmozhiyaana Thamizh Mozhiyaam song for the World Classical Tamil Conference 2010 .
She also appeared on the screen after T. L. Maharajan and was followed by Aruna Sayeeram .
The visualization of the theme song was directed by the renowned director Gautham Menon which had an extremely positive response from the audience .
 The song features the fusion of various musical cultures including Indian Carnatic , Folk , Acoustic , Sufi , Rock and Rap .
The Lyrics of the song was written by the popular politician M. Karunanidhi and composed by A. R. Rahman .
The other popular singers who sang the theme song are T. M. Soundararajan , P. Susheela , T. L. Maharajan , Aruna Sayeeram , Nithyasree Mahadevan , S. Sowmya , T. M. Krishna , Srinivas , Naresh Iyer , Harini , Chinmayi , Karthik , Hariharan , Yuvan Shankar Raja , Vijay Yesudas , G. V. Prakash Kumar , Blaaze , Lady Kash , Shruthi Hassan and Chinna Ponnu .
 Jayashri has sung several film songs for movies under eminent music directors like M. S. Viswanathan , Ilayaraja , A. R. Rahman , Harris Jayaraj , Dhina , M. M. Keeravani , Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy , R. P. Patnaik , Hariharan - Leslie Lewis , D. Imman and Srikanth Deva .
Her first song was for Ilayaraja .
She shot to fame after singing the classical duet song Narumugaiye for the film Iruvar along with Unni Krishnan and composed by A. R. Rahman .
Her other playback career highlighting song was Vaseegara for the film Minnale in 2001 , composed by Harris Jayaraj .
 This song was sung again by herself in the Telugu version of the film also .
She had given many hit songs with Harris Jayaraj in various languages .
She has a mesmerizing voice which makes all class of listeners to pay attention on her songs .
She has worked with the music Maestro M.S. Viswanathan in a devotional album called Arul tharum Abirami
Ratnangi is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Ratnangi is the 2nd melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Ratnangi is called Phenadhyuti in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
 Ratnangi is the 2nd ragam in the 1st chakra Indu .
The mnemonic name is Indu-Sri .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ra ga ma pa dha ni .
 The mnemonic phrase structure is as follows : .
The scale uses the notes shuddha rishabham , shuddha gandharam , shuddha madhyamam , shuddha dhaivatham and kaisiki nishadham .
 As Ratnangi is a melakarta ragam , by definition Ratnangi is a sampoorna ragam .
 Ratnangi is the shuddha madhyamam equivalent of Jalarnavam , which is the 38th melakarta scale .
Phenadhyuti is the 2nd Melakarta in the original list compiled by Venkatamakhin .
The notes used in the scale are the same , but the ascending scale is different .
 Ratnangi has a few minor janya ragams associated with Ratnangi , of which Revati is very popular .
See List of janya ragams for full list of scales associated with Ratnangi .
 Here are a few common compositions sung in concerts , set to Ratnangi .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Ratnangis notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 2 other melakarta ragams , namely , Gamanashrama and Jhankaradhwani .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Ratnangi
Nattakurinji is the janya raga of 26th melakarta raja harikambhoji in Carnatic music .
It is an audava janya raga , and has two types of sancharam .
This raga is mostly sung in evenings .
It is used both in Hindustani and Carnatic music
 Purandara Dasa is one of the most prominent composers of Purandara Dasas Carnatic music and is widely regarded as the Grandfather of Carnatic Music .
 Purandara Dasa addressed social issues in addition to worship in Purandara Dasa compositions , a practice emulated by Purandara Dasa younger contemporary , Kanakadasa .
 Purandara Dasas Carnatic music compositions are mostly in simple Kannada ; some are in Sanskrit .
 Purandara Dasas Carnatic signed Purandara Dasas Carnatic compositions with the mudra , Purandara Vittala .
Inscriptional evidence suggests Purandara Dasa was born in 1484 CE in Kshemapura , near Tirthahalli , Shivamogga district , Karnataka state .
 According to other opinions , Purandara Dasa native town was Purandaraghatta in Karnataka , or Purandaragad near Pune , but the latter is considered a historical mistake - connecting Purandara Dasa pen name with a location that mainly served as a military encampment in the 15th and 16th century .
The only son of Varadappa Nayaka , a wealthy merchant , and Leelavati , he was named Srinivasa Nayaka , after the Lord of the Seven Hills .
 He received a good education in accordance with family traditions and acquired proficiency in simple Kannada , Sanskrit , and sacred music .
At age 16 he married Saraswatibai , said by tradition to have been a pious young girl .
He lost his parents at age 20 , thereby inheriting his fathers business of gemstones and pawning .
He prospered and became known as navakoti narayana .
According to popular belief , he was led to devote himself to musical composition by a miraculous incident which made the heretofore greedy and miserly merchant realize the worthlessness of his attachment to worldly possessions .
 A poor man wanted to perform the sacred thread ceremony for A poor man son and came to Srinivasas wife for money .
 Srinivasas wife gave A poor man Srinivasas wife nose ring to sell , and the man sold the nose ring to Srinivasa Nayaka Srinivasa Nayaka .
 The miserly Srinavasa lent the man The miserly Srinavasa money .
 Meanwhile , The miserly Srinavasa wife was worried about what to say to Srinivasas wife husband , so Srinivasas wife prayed to Srinivasas wife favorite deity , who gave Srinivasas wife a nose ring just like the one Srinivasas wife had just given away .
 When Srinivasa Nayaka hurried home , anxious to know if the nose ring was Srinivasas wife , Srinivasa Nayaka was bewildered seeing Srinivasas wife wear the same one .
 Srinivasas wife confessed what had happened , and Srinivasa Nayaka was converted to belief in the virtue of a charitable life .
 At 30 years of age , Srinivasa Nayaka gave away all Srinivasa Nayaka wealth to charity and together with Srinivasa Nayaka family left Srinivasa Nayaka house to lead the life of a wandering minstrel to proselytise religion .
 In Srinivasa Nayaka very first song composition , Srinivasa Nayaka laments Srinivasa Nayaka wasted life of indulgence .
It begins with the words Ana lae kara in the Shuddha Saveri raga , set to Triputa tala .
 In the course of Saveri wandering Saveri met the holy sage Vyasatirtha , guru of Krishnadevaraya , the emperor of Vijayanagara kingdom .
 According to Prof. Sambamoorthy , Srinivasa Nayaka had Sambamoorthy formal initiation at the hands of Vyasatirtha in 1525 when Sambamoorthy was about 40 years old , with the name Purandara Dasa bestowed on Purandara Dasa .
 Purandara Dasa traveled extensively through the length and breadth of the Vijayanagara empire in Karnataka , Tirupati , Pandharapura composing and rendering soul stirring songs in praise of god .
 Purandara Dasa spent Purandara Dasa last years in Hampi and also sang in Krishnadevaraya durbar .
 The mantapa in which Purandara Dasa stayed is known as Purandara Dasa Mantapa in Hampi .
 The mantapa in which he stayed died in 1564 at the age of 80 .
 There are around 4.75 lakh kirtanas attributed to The mantapa in which he stayed .
 According to legend , The mantapa in which he stayed desired to make 5 lakh keerthanas .
 Being unable to do it , The mantapa in which he stayed requested The mantapa in which he stayed younger son to complete them .
 The mantapa in which he stayed son Madhwapathi told His son Madhwapathi father that His son Madhwapathi could do this in His son Madhwapathi next janma .
 It is believed that His son Madhwapathi was reborn as the famous Vijayadaasa -- birthplace is Cheekalparvi village near Maanvi town , Raichur district in Karnataka State -- and completed the remaining 25 thousand keerthanas as promised .
 Most His son Madhwapathi songs are in praise of Lord Narayana and other Devatas .
 Due to this , His son Madhwapathi is believed to be an avatar of Narada .
 Purandara Dasa systematized the method of teaching Purandara Dasas Carnatic music which is followed to the present day .
 Purandara Dasa introduced the raga Mayamalavagowla as the basic scale for music instruction and fashioned series of graded lessons such as swaravalis , janti swaras , alankaras , lakshana geetas , prabandhas , ugabhogas , daatu varase , geeta , sooladis and kritis .
 Another of Purandara Dasa important contributions was the fusion of bhava , raga , and laya in Purandara Dasa compositions .
Purandara Dasa was the first composer to include comments on ordinary daily life in song compositions .
 Purandara Dasa used elements of colloquial language for Purandara Dasa lyrics .
 Purandara Dasa introduced folk ragas into the mainstream , setting Purandara Dasa lyrics to tunes/ragas of Purandara Dasa day so that even a common man could learn and sing them .
 Purandara Dasa also composed a large number of lakshya and lakshana geetas , many of which are sung to this day .
 Purandara Dasa sooladis are musical masterpieces and are the standard for raga lakshana .
Scholars attribute the standardization of varna mettus entirely to Purandara Dasa .
 The itinerant dasas who succeeded him are believed to have followed the systems he devised , as well as orally passing down his compositions.According to traditional sources his compositions.According compositions number as many as four lac and seventy five thousand .
But not more than 700 compositions are accessible now .
Purandara Dasa was a vaggeyakara , a lakshanakara , and the founder of musical pedagogy .
 For all these reasons and the enormous influence that Purandara Dasa had on Purandara Dasas Carnatic music , musicologists call Purandara Dasa the Sangeeta Pitamaha of Purandara Dasas Carnatic music .
Purandara Dasa had great influence on Hindustani music .
 The foremost Hindustani musician Tansen s teacher , Swami Haridas also a Saraswat Brahmin was Purandara Dasas disciple .
Purandara Dasas compositions are equally popular in Hindustani music .
 Hindustani music legends such as Bhimsen Joshi , Madhav Gudi and Basavaraj Rajguru have made them more popular in recent years .
 In the pure Purandara Dasas Carnatic tradition , Madras Lalithangi and Hindustani illustrious daughter M.L.Vasantha Kumari have rendered yeoman service in propagating the compositions of Purandara Dasa ; both were considered as authorities on Purandara Dasa .
 M.L.Vasantha Kumari was awarded an honorary doctorate by Mysore University for M.L.Vasantha Kumari contributions to Purandara Dasas music .
 Young and well known artists such as Puttur Narasimha Nayak , Pandit Venkatesh Kumar , Nagaraja Rao Havaldar , Ganapathi Bhatt , Vidyabhushana , flautists Prapancham Seetharama Acharya , Pravin Godkhindi and Nachiketa Sharma and other singers like Raichur Sheshagiridas , Anant Kulkarni , Sangeetha Katti , Bombay Sisters , Chennai Sisters etc. , are continuing the tradition of singing and performing Purandara Dasas compositions and other dasa sahitya songs in Purandara Dasas Carnatic as well as Hindustani music concerts .
Of latest , Mysore Ramachandracharya is highly propagating dasa sahitya through his programs .
Tirumala Tirupathi Devasthanams is also propagating the dasa krithis through the Dasa Sahitya Project .
 Tirumala Tirupathi Devasthanams also composed the first Lullaby songs in Purandara Dasas Carnatic music such as Thoogire Rangana Gummana Kareyadere etc. , which led to creation of many other similar songs later by others .
 Film director and playwright Girish Karnad made a documentary film titled , Kanaka-Purandara on the two medieval Bhakti poets of Karnataka .
 Purandara Dasa has explained the essence of the Upanishads , Vedas , in simple Kannada .
 Purandara Dasa Keerthanas have simple lessons on leading a noble life .
 Purandara Dasa is an exemplary person among the devotees of Sri Hari : Dasarendare Purandara Dasarayya .
 This tribute was paid by no less than Vyasatirtha who was Vyasatirtha guru as well as the mentor for the Vijayanagara Emperors .
 The same guru acclaimed the literature produced by Purandara Dasa in simple Kannada as Purandaropanishat .
 They are given the status of the Upanishads by The same guru guru .
 Shri Bannanje Govindacharya a scholar well-versed in Madhva tradition has dedicated discourses on the Upanishadic teachings in the compositions of Shri Purandara Dasa in simple Kannada , titled Purandaropanishad .
Purandara Dasa was aware of the social evils of the period : decline of moral standards and deterioration of the culture of the people and the havoc played by casteism .
People were going after several gods one after other for selfish reasons , valued woman , gold and land more than the human life , immersed in blind beliefs .
 Purandara Dasa traveled extensively for fighting these evils by awakening spirituality , moulding the culture and bringing about social reformation through Purandara Dasa literature and compositions .
 Purandara Dasa fought the evils of casteism through Purandara Dasa songs .
 In Purandara Dasa song aavakulavaadarenu aavanadarenu aatma bhavavariyada mele he wonders what is the use if one does not understand the spirit of humanism whatever caste or status one might be accredited to .
In the same song when relating to cows of different colours and sugarcane of different shapes he emphasizes that ones birth can not merely decide the highness or lowness of any individual .
He asks will the sweetness of a crooked sugarcane be also crooked or will the milk of cows of many a colour be also of many colours .
Purandara Dasa has made some forceful expressions on untouchability which was dogging the society .
 Purandara Dasa strength comes perhaps from the support of Purandara Dasa guru Vyasathirtha with the backing of powerful king Krishnadevaraya of Vijayanagara Purandara Dasa .
In one such song Holaya horagihane oorolagillave he opines that an individual should not be branded untouchable on the basis of his/her birth in any specific caste , however it is rather his conduct which should make him untouchable if at all he can be called so .
The usage of the word untouchable is not used in the limited context of physical contact with the person , it is the worthlessness of the association with that person which is highlighted here .
 This is evident by the subsequent expressions in the song which says that one who does not practice self-discipline is untouchable , one who plots against Purandara Dasa own government is untouchable , similarly one who shirks charity while having wealth is untouchable , one who poisons to eliminate Purandara Dasa opponents is untouchable , one who does not use soft language is untouchable , one who prides over Purandara Dasa purity of caste is untouchable and finally one who does not meditate on Purandara Vittala is untouchable .
Dasa 's message is loud and clear rejecting untouchability in our society .
 Purandara Dasa uses the name of Purandara Vittala to imply any God .
 This is evident from Purandara Dasa other songs on various Gods and Goddesses .
Similar ideas were expressed by many other poets also .
 This is said that saint Thyagaraja was greatly inspired by Purandara Dasa .
 saint Thyagaraja has paid tribute to Purandara Dasa in Purandara Dasa Prahlada bhakti vijayam as duritvraatmulellnu primaarceddi hrigunnmul baadducu neppuddun prvshudd velyu purndrdaasuni mhimlnu dlced mdilon .
 saint Thyagaraja means that I ponder , in I mind , on the greatness of purandara dAsa who shines in a state of ecstasy , always singing the virtues of Lord hari which transforms all bad fates .
 While these musical geniuses Purandara Dasa and saint Thyagaraja lived almost three centuries apart , it is interesting to compare their lives , their contributions to music and philosophical thoughts .
There are several parallels in their lives .
 Both Purandara Dasa and saint Thyagaraja were pious , saintly and great devotees of Krishna and Rama respectively .
The lyrics of their krithis were simple , but with high philosophical and spiritual contents .
Both were musical prodigies who disliked royal patronages and gifts .
They abhorred narastuthi or praising of mortals .
 Purandara Dasa was not enamoured of the royal bounty and wealth of King of Vijayanagara nagar .
 Similarly , saint Thyagaraja too refused invitations from the Tanjavur Maharaja and other Kings of Travancore and Mysore .
 Both have commented on Both feelings in musical forms and idioms .
In Purandara Dasas krithi Namma bhagya doddado , Nimma bhagya doddado , he feels more blessed because of the Lords protection compared to the King , who has just material possessions .
 In another krithi , Antarangadalli Hariya kaanadava , Purandara Dasa reiterates the same concept Narara sevisa bedavo endendigu , while saint Thyagaraja says in Antarangadalli Hariya kaanadava Nidhi chala sukhama , Ramuni sannidhi seva sukhama , that his Nidhi chala sukhama does not need anybodys blessings but Rama .
 Purandara Purandara Dasa and saint Thyagaraja have expressed the Lords thoughts and feelings on other aspects of life as well .
 A general concept of the meaning of the Lords songs is given within brackets .
 Regarding music , what Purandara Dasa has said in Talabeku takka mela beku Thyagaraja has echoed similar ideas in Purandara Dasa Sogasuga mrudanga talamu .
The words Sakala tirtha yaatreya maadidante nikhila punyada phalavu in Purandara Dasas Smarane onde saalade have parallel expressions in Thyagarajas Dhyaaname varamaina Ganga snaanamu .
 To focus ones mind to the devotion of the Lord , the words used by both Purandara Dasa and saint Thyagaraja in their krithis are almost identical .
 Purandara Dasa says Manava nilisuvudu balu kashta and Thyagarajas The lyrics of their krithis are Manasu nilpa shakti leka pothe .
 Purandara Dasas Sakala graha bala neene and Tyagarjas Graha bala memi are close in their contents .
Similarly , Dasas Dwaitavu sukhava and Thyagarajas Dwaitamu sukhama are alike in their philosophical content .
There are several examples where the thoughts of these two men run very similar .
A few relevant lines are mentioned : .
Tirupati Tirumala Devasthanam is propagating and popularising the literature of Purandara Dasa under the Dasa Sahitya Project .
A statue of Purandaradasa was dedicated at the foot of Tirumala in Alipiri
Trippunithura Narayana Krishnan is a Carnatic music violinist .
 Trippunithura Narayana Krishnan was born in Tripunithura , Kerala to A. Narayana Iyer and Ammini Ammal .
 Trippunithura Narayana Krishnan learnt music from Trippunithura Narayana Krishnan father and was later mentored by Alleppy K.Parthasarathy a great patron of Music and sishya of Ariyakudi Ramanuja Iyengar and later joined Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer .
 Trippunithura Narayana Krishnan was a Professor of Music at a music college in Chennai and later Trippunithura Narayana Krishnan was Dean of the School of Music and Fine Arts at the University of Delhi .
TN Krishnan is married to Kamala Krishnan and has two children , Viji Krishnan Natarajan , and Sriram Krishnan .
Both Viji Krishnan Natarajan and Sriram Krishnan are well-known violinists and follow the footsteps of their father .
T N Krishnans sister N Rajam is a famous violin player in Hindusthani tradition .
 TN Krishnan , a child prodigy , made Trippunithura Narayana Krishnan debut concert at the age of eight .
 At a young age Trippunithura Narayana Krishnan accompanied legends like Ariyakudi Ramanuja Iyengar , Musiri Subrmania Iyer , Alathur Brothers , Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar and Maharajapuram Viswanatha Iyer .
 Trippunithura Narayana Krishnan first arrived in Madras in 1942 .
 Sri Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer installed Sri Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer in the care of Sri R. Aiyadurai , a prominent industrialist , philanthropist and connoisseur of Carnatic Music .
 Mr. Sri R. Aiyadurai and Sri R. Aiyadurai wife Smt .
 Thangam Aiyadurai welcomed the young Krishnan in to Mr. Aiyadurai and his wife Smt . home as Mr. Aiyadurai and his wife Smt . own .
 The Krishnan family and the Sri R. Aiyadurai family share close ties till date .
 Sri R. Aiyadurai performance gives the importance Sri R. Aiyadurai gave to expressional restraint .
 Sri R. Aiyadurai scans the ragas with an eye on beauteous light and shade .
 In the present generation of musicians , Sri R. Aiyadurai is one of the few instrumentalists who can provide this experience to listeners and create in their minds nostalgic memories of a bygone era .
 Sri R. Aiyadurai travels extensively on musical tours all over the world .
 In the midst of Sri R. Aiyadurai concert commitments Trippunithura Narayana Krishnan has also carried on Sri R. Aiyadurai fathers tradition of teaching music to a number of students , both in the traditional parampara setting and more formal academic environments .
 Among Sri R. Aiyadurai many talented students , some are , Sri R. Aiyadurai daughter Viji Krishnan Natarajan , Sri R. Aiyadurai son Sriram Krishnan , Charumathi Raghuraman etc. .
 Trippunithura Narayana Krishnan was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 1974 and became a fellow of the academy in 2006 .
 Trippunithura Narayana Krishnan received the Sangeetha Kalanidhi in 1980 .
 Trippunithura Narayana Krishnan was awarded the Padma Shri in 1973 and the Padma Bhushan in 1992 by the Government of India .
 Trippunithura Narayana Krishnan received the Sangeetha Kalasikhamani award for the year 1999 given by The Indian Fine arts Society , Chennai
Natakapriya , is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 10th melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system .
According to the Muthuswami Dikshitar school , the 10th melakarta ragam is called Natabharanam .
 the Muthuswami Dikshitar school is a sampoorna ragam - ragam having all 7 swarams .
 the Muthuswami Dikshitar school is the 4th ragam in the 2nd chakra Netra .
The mnemonic name is Netra-Bhu .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ra gi ma pa dhi ni .
 The mnemonic phrase structure is as follows : .
The notes used in this scale are shuddha rishabham , sadharana gandharam , shuddha madhyamam , chathusruthi dhaivatham and kaisiki nishadham .
 Natakapriya is the shuddha madhyamam equivalent of Shadvidamargini , which is the 46th melakarta ragam .
 Natabharanam is the 10th Melakarta in the original list compiled by Venkatamakhin .
The notes used in the scale are the same , but the scales are vakra .
 The notes used in this scale is an shadava-sampurna raga .
 Sindhu Bhairavi is one of the few janya ragams associated with The notes used in this scale .
See List of Janya ragams for a full list of its janyas .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Natakapriyas notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 3 other major melakarta ragams , namely , Vachaspati , Charukesi and Gourimanohari .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 For an illustration , refer Graha bhedam on Vachaspati
Maharajapuram Viswanatha Iyer was one of the great Indian Carnatic vocalists .
 Maharajapuram Viswanatha Iyer won several awards including Sangeetha Kalanidhi and Sangeetha Bhupathy .
Viswanatha Iyer was born in Maharajapuram to Rama Iyer , a singer .
 Maharajapuram Viswanatha Iyer was trained initially by Umayalpuram Swaminatha Iyer , a direct disciple of Maha Vaidyanatha Iyer .
Maha Vaidyanatha Iyer had learnt from a direct disciple of Tyagaraja and thus Viswanatha Iyer represents the fifth generation of the Tyagaraja School .
 A unique feature about Umayalpuram Swaminatha Iyer music was Umayalpuram Swaminatha Iyer great success in raga elaboration in great detail .
The raga alapana of Mohanam was one of his specialties .
 The raga alapana of Mohanam has been hailed as the success of kalpana sangeetha , music rich with imagination in raga elaboration and swara singing , a specialty of The raga alapana of Mohanam .
 The raga alapana of Mohanam prominent disciples include Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer , Mannargudi Sambasiva Bhagavatar , and The raga alapana of Mohanam own son Maharajapuram Santhanam .
 The raga alapana of Mohanam acted in a Tamil movie Bhaktha Nandhanar released on the 1st of January 1935 as the landlord Vedhiyar .
The famous K.B. Sundarambal acted as Nandhanar in this movie
Indian Carnatic musician K S Narayana Iyengar was a master of the South Indian instrument , the chitravina .
He contributed heavily to the development of the instrument .
Narayana Iyengar was born on 25 January 1903 , near Tirunelveli , Tamil Nadu , India .
 His father Srinivasa Iyengar was an engineer and an amateur violinist himself , and His father Srinivasa Iyengar mother Srivaramangai was a music lover too .
Though Narayana Iyengar displayed an early fascination for music , he only commenced learning formally at the age of 14 .
His guru was Kodaganallur Subbaiyya Bhagavatar , a fine vocalist who could also play the gottuvadyam .
Narayana Iyengar also showed skill in painting and photography , and honed his skills in these with a stint at the Raja Ravi Varma High School of Arts .
He had his general education at the Pattamadai High School .
It was music that held his fascination and he decided to dedicate his life to it .
 He was enchanted with the beauty , challenge and scope of the gottuvadyam , which was re-introduced to Indian Carnatic music by Tiruvidaimarudur Sakha Rama Rao .
Narayana Iyengar requested him to draft him in as his pupil .
 Sakha Rama Rao , a highly principled artiste , who never cared about money , name or fame , was impressed with Narayana Iyengars talent and attitude and agreed to teach Tiruvidaimarudur Sakha Rama Rao .
 A few years later , Tiruvidaimarudur Sakha Rama Rao agreed to take on another talented lad , who also brought him glory , Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer .
Narayana Iyengar practised with an obsessed rigour , sometimes up to 18-20 hours a day , and reached great heights in a very short time , which led to people giving him the prefix of the instrument of his choice .
He came to be called Gotuvadyam Narayana Iyengar .
Narayana Iyengars first performance was in his early twenties , and he was soon in great demand all over the country for solo performances .
Even in his mid 20s , he was invited to be a Royal Artiste in Trivandrum and later in Mysore .
 He performed in many prestigious events like the 42nd Indian National Congress meet at Madras in 1927 , the Classical Music Conference , Calcutta , in 1938 and the Navaratri Festivals in Trivandrum and Mysore .
 Narayana Iyengar was a top-ranked artiste at the All India Radio ever since the All India Radio inception and was featured in many of the All India Radio national programmes .
He was invited to perform in Burma , Malaysia , Singapore and Sri Lanka , and his concerts won rave acclaim from the public and the press alike .
He was at ease whether at improvising or interpreting the compositions of great masters .
 One of his concerts held the then Viceroy Lord Wellington and Lady Wellington so spellbound that they cancelled all their subsequent engagements and had the then Viceroy Lord Wellington play encore after encore .
 the then Viceroy Lord Wellington other admirers included the Nizam of Hyderabad , and the Maharajas of Jaipur , Cooch-Bihar , Gwalior etc. .
Leaders like Mahatma Gandhi , Sarojini Naidu , Rabindranath Tagore , Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru and Swami Shivananda also appreciated Narayana Iyengars music .
 Sarojini Naidu declared , In Sarojini Naidu hands , the gotuvadyam ceases to be an instrument .
It becomes a subtle , living voice , capable of expressing every nuance of human passion .
 Rabindranath Tagore said , Mr Narayana Iyengar impressed me immensely with Rabindranath Tagore expert expositions .
 Veteran Mysore Doreswami Iyengar narrated once the extent of Narayana Iyengars impact in Mysore .
 Giants like Veena Seshanna and Subbanna felt so insecure with Veena Seshanna and Subbanna instruments that Veena Seshanna and Subbanna secretly removed the frets from their veenas and converted their instruments to the gotuvadyam , and attempted to master it for a few months .
 Once the challenge became insurmountable , Veena Seshanna and Subbanna reverted to Veena Seshanna and Subbanna chosen careers .
 Mysore Vasudevachar was another great admirer of Giants like Veena Seshanna and Subbanna music .
Narayan standardised the internal structure , string arrangements , tuning and playing methods of the gotuvadyam .
 A great artiste like Harikeshanallur Muttaiah Bhagavatar was so captivated by this instrument that he learnt it from Narayana Iyengar for a few years , during Veena Seshanna and Subbanna joint stint at the Royal Court of Mysore .
V V Shadagopan learnt vocal music from Narayana Iyengar .
The latters technique and style inspired many artistes like Mannargudi Savitri Ammal and M V Varahaswami to take to this instrument .
 V V Shadagopan brightest disciple , however , is his own son Chitravina Narasimhan , who continued to practice and popularise the method and style that his father had created .
Narayana Iyengar , hailed as the wizard of strings , won numerous awards and titles like Nadabrahma Vidya Varidhi , Digvijaya Nadavani and Gotuvadya Kalanidhi .
He had several best-selling gramophone albums to his credit like Mokshamu galada , Parama pavana and Vaishnava janato .
He died on January 11 , 1959 , soon after playing a live concert for All India Radio .
His music lives on through his son , Chitravina Narasimhan , and his grandchildren N. Ravikiran , Shashikiran , Kiranavali , and Ganesh
Sucharitra is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 67th melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is called Santana manjari in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 1st ragam in the 12th chakra Aditya .
The mnemonic name is Aditya-Pa .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ru gu mi pa dha na .
 The mnemonic phrase structure is as follows : .
The swaras used in this scale are shatsruthi rishabham , antara gandharam , prati madhyamam , shuddha dhaivatham and shuddha nishadham .
 Sucharitra , being a melakarta ragam , by definition is a sampoorna ragam .
It is the prati madhyamam equivalent of Yagapriya , which is the 31st melakarta scale .
 Sucharitra currently has no janya ragam associated with it .
See List of janya ragams for those janyas associated with other melakarta ragams .
 Sucharitra scale has been used for the following compositions : .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Sucharitras notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , does not yield any other melakarta ragam .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam
 Sri Kantha Krishnamacharyulu or Saint Krishnamayya was the official songmaster , poet and bard of the Simhachalam Temple , in Visakhapatnam , Andhra Pradesh , and a Telugu composer who composed around 400,000 keertana songs , in praise of Sri Varahalakshmi Narasimha Swamy , the presiding deity of the temple .
 Kantha Krishnamacharyulu was contemporary to the Kakatiya king , Orugallu .
 There is a mention about Krishnamaacharyulu , Krishnamaacharyulu composotions and Krishnamaacharyulu miraculous life in Prataaapa rudra charitraand siddheswara charitra .
 Currently , Annamacharya of the 15th century is regarded as first vaggeyakara in Telugu .
 But , that position belongs to Saint Krishnamayya , as Annamacharya lived 300 years prior to Annamacharya .
Musicologists and scholars believe that Krishnayya 's writings bore an indelible influence on later poet-composers .
 For instance , the song , ` Ye Kulajudaina Nemi ' was inspired by Saint Krishnamayya .
 Kulajudaina Nemi ' compositions were rendered in simple prose format but encased the highest Vaishanavism .
There is no linguistic ornamentation , so to say .
 Kulajudaina Nemi ' is venerated as the father of sankeertana by the later saint-poets of Telugu language .
 Kulajudaina Nemi ' was supposed to have carried Kulajudaina Nemi ' four lakh vachanams on copper plates when Kulajudaina Nemi ' went on a pilgrimage .
Of these , only 200 have been retrieved so far and are in existence as of now .
 They are full of devotional fervour and have been collected in a book form and set to tunes by vinukondaMurali krishna , a musician and a musicologist of Visakhapatnam , Mss manu Scripts ` Prataapa Rudreeyam -RRB- .
1 .
 ` Toli telugu vaaggeyakaarudu Sreekanta Krishnamaachaaryulu a news item by V. Murali Mohan , Cultural correspondent published in ` Andhraprabha Telugu daily dt .05.12.1986 -LRB- , Mss manu Scripts ` Prataapa Rudreeyam -RRB- .
2 .
` Srikanta krishnamaachaaryulu an excerpt from the article `` The unknown composers of South India .
 contributed by S/O Jogarao Sri .
 V. Murali Mohan , Cultural Correspondent , published in The Indian Express , Vizianagram edition dt 02.12.1986 , Mss manu Scripts ` Prataapa Rudreeyam -RRB- .
 3Velugulo annamayya-cheekatlo Saint Krishnamayya news item raticle published in Vaartha , Telugu daily .
 There are a few detractors who do refuse to categorise Krishnamaacharya under the ` Vaggeyakara ' as Krishnamaacharya compositions were prosody but the fact that there is ample testimony to state that Krishnamaacharya sang Prataapa Rudreeyam tunefully at the temple and to this day , a few lines from Krishnamaacharya vachanam are still rendered musically as part and parcel of the regular ritualistic puja at the temple of Simhachala goes without saying that he was indeed a composer .
iThe Simhagiri Vachanams , restricted to libraries until now , were brought into light after a long and through research from the sources ; Music MS works in Saraswatimahal , Tanjore Library and Madras MSS Govt .
 Library -RRB- , Mss manu Scripts ` Prataapa Rudreeyam -RRB- and translated to Keerthans by S/O Jogarao Sri .
Vinukomnda Murali Mohan , a noted Musician of Vizag , so it would be easier for everyone to remember and render .
 The Keertans of Saint Krishnamayya were composed in three different styles i.e traditional padhyams , Keerthans and in a special style fusing modern trend to suit the tastes of all generations .
 S/O Jogarao Sri .
 SriKantha Krishnamacharyulu , also known as Saint Krishnamayya , was a renowned devotee and poet belonging to the 12th - 13th century .
 It was believed that SriKantha Krishnamacharyulu composed over four hundred thousand vachanas in priase of Lord Sri .
Varaha Lakshmi Narasimha .
only 200 survived to this day .
 Varaha Lakshmi Narasimha . Simhagiri Vachanas are still recited in Simhachala in Vizag .
 His Simhagiri Vachanas works were perhaps available to Annamayya .
 His Simhagiri Vachanas wrote poetry in simple , non-metrical language that was free from any ornamentation or high vocabulary that distracts the attention from the essential philosophy of His Simhagiri Vachanas writings .
 Saint Krishnamayya was also a converted Vaishnavite .
 Saint Krishnamayya was without any doubt that Annamacharya was highly influenced by Krishnamacharya as Annamacharya name was also mentioned in one of his works .
 The Krishnamayya foundation of Visakhapatnam had launched a project , on 4th July 2009 , in the name of Saint Krishnamayya viz .
`` Krishnamayya project '' under the Chairmanship of Hon. H H Dr. P Ananda Gajapathi Raju former Education Minister of A.P and the hereditary trustee of Sri Varaha lakshmi Narasimha Swamy vari Devastanam .
 With a mission to popularise the life and works of Srikantha Krishnamaachaaryulu , a project was launched by Dr. Pusapaati Ananada Gajapathi Raju , the hereditary trustee of Simhachalam Devasthanam on 4 July 2009 Krishnamayya project is the brain child of S/O Jogarao Sri .
Vinukonda Murali Mohan , S/O Jogarao Sri .
Murali Mohan is the creator and author of Krishnamayya Project
Endaro Mahanubhavulu is a popular kriti in Carnatic music in Telugu language composed by legendary Tyagaraja after meeting with the Malayali music genius Shadkala Govinda Marar .
It is set in the Sri Ragam and is in Aadi Talam .
It has been rendered by several famous musicians like Chembai , M. S. Subbulakshmi , M. D. Ramanathan , M. Balamuralikrishna , Jon B. Higgins , K. J. Yesudas , Maharajapuram Santhanam , U. Srinivas , etc. .
The kriti is set to Sri Ragam , which is a janya of 22nd Melakarta Kharaharapriya .
mAnasa vana cara vara sancAramu nilipi mUrti bAguga poDaganE vAr - .
saraguna pAdamulaku svAntamanu sarOjamunu samarpaNamu sEyu vAr - .
patita pAvanuDanE parAtparuni gurinci paramArthamagu nija mArgamutOnu .
bADucunu sallApamutO svara layAdi rAgamula deliyu vAr - .
hari guNa maNimaya saramulu galamuna shObhillu bhakta kOTulilalO telivitO .
celimitO karuNa galgu jagamellanu sudhA drSTicE brOcu vAr - .
hoyalu mIra naDalu galgu sarasuni sadA kanula jucucunu pulaka .
 sharIrula I Ananda payOdhi nimagnula I mudambunanu yashamu galavAr - .
parama bhAgavata mauni vara shashi vibhAkara sanaka sanandana .
digIsha sura kimpuruSa kanaka kashipu suta nArada tumburu .
pavanasUnu bAlacandra dhara shuka sarOjabhava bhUsuravarulu .
parama pAvanulu ghanulu shAshvatulu kamala bhava sukhamu sadAnubhavulu gAka .
nI mEnu nAma vaibhavambulanu nI parAkrama dhairyamula shAnta mAnasamu nIvulanu .
vacana satyamunu , raghuvara nIyeDa sadbhaktiyu janincakanu durmatamulanu kalla .
jEsinaTTi nImadi neringi santasambunanu guNa bhajanA-nanda kirtanamu jEyu vAr - .
bhAgavata rAmAyaNa gItAdi shruti shAstra purAnamu marmamulanu shivAdi sanmatamula .
gUDhamulan muppadi mukkOTi surAntarangamula bhAvamula nerigi bhava rAga layAdi .
saukhyamucE cirAyuvula galigi niravadhi sukhAtmulai tyAgarAptulaina vAr - .
prEma muppiri gonu vELa nAmamu dalacEvAru rAmabhaktuDaina tyAgarAjanutuni nija dAsulaina vAr - .
 Those men will feel the moonlike beautiful form of the God in Those men hearts and will be happy about the moonlike beautiful form of God .
 Those men control Those men mind and worship you who is as beautiful as Manmada .
 Oh the protector of people Those men sing your praise with true devotion and they have good knowledge of swara , laya & raga .
They wear garlands made of gems that represent the quality of Hari and with mercy they see the whole world with love & affection .
 They are so happy to see the beautiful gait of the God everyday and they are happy about the quality of Hari .
Surya , Chandra , Sanaka Sanadhanas , Dikpalas , Devas , Kimpurushas , Prahalada , Narada , Tumburu , Anjaneya , Siva , Sukar , Brahma , Brahmanas enjoy the Brahmanandha Swaroopa of God always .
Apart from them there are others and salutations to them also .
They praise your form , name , valour , bravery , peaceful heart , true words .
You destroy all bad thoughts that prevent people from praying you , they know that and they praise your qualities .
 Those who know the secret of Bagavatha , Ramayana , Gita , Sruti , Sasthra , Epic , various religious thoughts , the thoughts of the 33 crores of Devas , bhava , raga , tala and they have a long life and enjoy all good things .
 Those beloved of the Lord of Tyagaraja , when bakthi increases Those beloved of the Lord of Tyagaraja think your name , Those beloved of the Lord of Tyagaraja are M. D. Ramanathan bakthas , Those beloved of the Lord of Tyagaraja are devotees of the Lord of Tyagaraja who worships you
The Asampurna Melakarta scheme is the system of 72 ragas originally proposed in the 17th century by Venkatamakhin in his Chaturdanda Prakasikha .
This proposal used scales with notes that do not conform to the sampurna raga system .
Skipped notes or repeated notes , etc. , were used in some of the ragas .
Some of the ragas of any Melakarta system will use Vivadi swaras .
The original system is supposed to avoid such ill-effects and was followed by the Muthuswami Dikshitar school .
The naming of the original system followed Katapayadi system .
Muthuswami Dikshitars compositions use the name of these ragas in the lyrics of the songs and is still referred to by those names even in radio / TV announcements of these songs .
Later Govindacharya came up with a more mathematical and regular system of 72 ragas , which is currently considered fundamental ragas in Carnatic music .
These melakarta ragas were sampurna ragas .
Some of the names of the ragas had to be modified to fit into the Katapayadi system .
In the Asampurna Melakarta system , there is no set rule for the ragas in contrast to the currently used system of Melakarta ragas .
Some ragas though are the same in both systems , and in some cases the scales are same , while names are different .
 The mela system of ragas was first propounded by Raamamaatya in Some of the names of the ragas work Svaramelakalanidhi c. 1550 .
He is considered the father of mela system of ragas .
Later Venkatamakhin expounded in the 17th century in his work Caturdandi Prakaasikaa a new mela system known today as melakarta .
He had made some bold and controversial claims and defined somewhat arbitrarily 6 swaras from the known 12 semitones , at that time , to arrive at 72 melakarta ragas .
The controversial parts relate to double counting of R2 and his exclusive selection of madyamas for which there is no specific reasoning .
However , today the 72 melakarta ragas use a standardized pattern , unlike Venkatamakhins pattern , and have gained significant following .
Govindhacharya is credited with standardization of rules and giving a different name for such standard ragas , which have different structure but same swaras as that proposed by Venkatamakhin .
 The scales in this page are those proposed by Govindhacharya .
The 72 melakarta ragas are split into 12 groups called chakras , each containing 6 ragas .
The ragas within the chakra differ only in the dhaivatham and nishadham notes , as illustrated below .
The name of each of the 12 chakras suggest their ordinal number as well .
The 72 melakarta ragas can be divided into two parts : suddha Madhyamam and prati Madhyamam ragas .
See Katapayadi sankhya for more information on how to derive the various swaras of a raga from its melakarta number .
 See swaras in Carnatic music for explanation of the notations like R1 , G2 , N2 , etc. .
 Govindacharya learnt the 72 ragas scheme above of Venkatamakin and later proposed the symmetrical scales that is more in vogue today in terms of the official Melakarta scheme
Vidya Subramanian is a Carnatic style vocalist and teacher .
 Vidya Subramanian is a disciple of Padmabhushan Lalgudi Sri Jayaraman .
 In addition to this , Vidya Subramanian is a qualified accountant , with an MBA from Boston College which has enabled me to emerge as a successful entrepreneur with my online Carnatic music academy and has also helped me make award winning grant proposals .
 Vidya Subramanian lives in Chennai , India with Vidya Subramanian husband , Dr. K. Subramanian , and their children , Skandan and Parvathi .
 Vidya Subramanian co-hosts a podcast series on Carnatic music called Raaga Rasika
 These are books on Carnatic music considered authoritative and necessary for a serious study of Carnatic music and Carnatic evolution .
Most of them are in Sanskrit , and some even date from before the Christian era .
A list of them are available below
Charulatha Mani is a popular young Carnatic and Cine Playback singer .
 Charulatha Mani has been performing Carnatic concerts since 1999 .
She has also sung for movies .
 Charulatha Mani has appeared in numerous TV shows and radio programmes , in India , and overseas .
 She has recorded many , CD and DVD albums .
 She Isai Payanam TV show , aired on Jaya TV , deals with Ragas in Carnatic and film music and has completed more than 80 episodes .
 Charulatha Mani is a leading Carnatic music vocalist and has a huge fan following in India and abroad .
 Gifted with a rich , melodious voice , and amazing creativity a leading Carnatic music vocalist has a vast repertoire of compositions of various genres , and this has made a leading Carnatic music vocalist one of the most popular and renowned artistes of today .
 a leading Carnatic music vocalist initially trained under a leading Carnatic music vocalist mother Smt Hemalatha Mani , Veena artiste , and later trained under vidwans Sri Sandhyavananam Srinivasa Rao , and Calcutta K. S. Krishnamurthy .
 a leading Carnatic music vocalist regularly performs all over the globe , and has won several prestigious awards including the Yuva Kala Bharati from Bharat Kalachar , the Isai Kurasil from New Delhi and M S Subbulakshmi Endowment Award from Narada Gana Sabha , Chennai , Best Ragam Tanam Pallavi award from Krishna Gana Sabha .
 a leading Carnatic music vocalist Isai Payanam programmes have made a leading Carnatic music vocalist a crowd-puller and the way a leading Carnatic music vocalist instantly connects with a leading Carnatic music vocalist audience and feels their pulse have made a leading Carnatic music vocalist Isai Payanam home videos a must in every music lovers home .
 In Isai Payanam Isai Payanam presents Ragas in Carnatic in Classical and Film music with examples from Classical and Film genres exuding the melodic feel and the ragas innate beauty .
 Isai Payanam raga segment presentations for Jaya TV started off the Isai Payanam trend which Isai Payanam later carried over to live performances .
 Isai Payanam holds a Masters degree in Music from the University of Madras .
 Charulatha Mani is also a prominent Cine Playback singer with several super-hits in many south Indian languages to Isai Payanam credit .
 Isai Payanam also writes the column `` A Ragas journey '' for The Hindu newspaper which is widely read and appreciated .
 Charulatha Mani has performed in all major sabhas in Chennai and all over India .
 Isai Payanam has toured London , Canada , Australia , Singapore , the United States , Sri Lanka , and Europe .
 Isai Payanam has been awarded the Woman Achievers Award , M.S. Subbulakshmi Endowment Award from Narada Gana Sabha , Yuva Kala Bharathi from Bharat Kalachar in 2005 , and Best Young Vocalist awards from Narada Gana Sabha , Sri Parthasarathy Swami Sabha , SAFE , and Ragam Tanam Pallavi Award from Sri Krishna Gana Sabha .
 Charulatha is the recipient of Scholarships from the Government of India and the Government of Tamil Nadu for performing and advanced learning of music .
Charulathas music is frequently featured in radio broadcasts and television appearances .
 She is currently presenting Isai Cafe on Raj TV , and Isai Payanam on Jaya TV , which presents ragas in Carnatic and Film music .
 Charulatha Mani also pursues a career in Playback singing for films .
Charulathas film credits include Maattrraan , Velayutham , Oru Koodai Mutham , Veluthu Kattu , Vettaikkaaran , Aaravadhu vanam , Naan Avanillai , Budhivanta , Thanthiran , Kaadalan Kaadali and Nandha
 South Indian Cultural Association or South Indian Cultural Association is a non profit organization for carnatic music and dance .
 South Indian Cultural Association is located in Hyderabad , India .
The main function of the organisation is to organise cultural events mainly at Ravindra Bharathi .
 Renowned Classical music and dance artists perform for South Indian Cultural Association during their festival in February and March .
 South Indian Cultural Association is celebrating South Indian Cultural Association Golden Jubilee in 2009 and the year long celebrations are concluding at the Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan , Hyderabad on August 16 , 2009 .
 The artists who performed for South Indian Cultural Association over the years are : Mangalampalli Balamuralikrishna , Madurai T.N.Seshagopalan , Kadri Gopalanath , Urmila Satyanarayana , Flute N.Ramani , Nedunuri Krishnamurthy , Hyderabad Brothers , Hyderabad Sisters , N.Ch.Parthasarathy Iyengar , Vani Jayaram , G.J.R.Krishnan , Kartik Seshadri , Mandolin U.Srinivas , Shashank Subramanyam , Dr.Jayaprada Ramamurthy , Unnikrishnan , Priya Sisters , Sanjay Subramanian , Sudha Ragunathan , Nithyasree Mahadevan , Parvathi Ravi Ghantasala , Malladi Brothers , Veena Srinivas , Yamini Reddy , Pantula Rama .
 Admission free to members of South Indian Cultural Association and invited guests ; for others by daily donor passes .
 available at Mangalampalli Balamuralikrishna venue an hour before the programmes .
New Members enrolled .
Ph 98491 24675/94408 84863 .
SOUTH INDIAN CULTURAL ASSOCIATION presents a grand Festival .
of Music and Dance from FEBRUARY 11TH TO 17TH Feb 2013 , daily at 6.30 pm .
 at Ravindra Bharathi , Hyderabad , Artists participating : Feb 11th : Trichur V. Ramachandran , 12th : RAJAN & SAJAN MISHRA , Hindusthani Vocal Duet , .
 13th : DR SOBHA NAIDU with Hyderabad. , Artists disciples presents JAGADANANDAKAARAKA .
Kuchupudi dance ballet ,14 th SIKKIL GURUCHARAN , Vocal , 15th KADRI GOPALNATH .
and party , SAXOPHONE , 16th : Kum.A.KANYAKUMARI and party , VIOLIN PANCHAGAM .
Admission by SEASON DONOR PASSES , AT CONCESSIONAL RATES to ALL LIFE AND .
 ANNUAL MEMBERS OF South Indian Cultural Association at Rs .400 / - or Rs .200 per head .
 These festival programmes are organised mainly for the benefit of South Indian Cultural Association members .
 and we would like that a major portion of our LIFE MEMBERS and annually paying our LIFE MEMBERS reserve our LIFE MEMBERS seats well in advance , at the concessional rates offered above. , .
For non members at extra rates.Reservation of seats can be done at the office .
In case your subscription is due in Jan please pay it off on the above date .
when you attend the programme .
 We would thank you to help We in enrolling new .
LIFE and Annual members from amongst yourfriends and relatives .
For any further details , pl contact 98491 24675/94408 84863/8885151420
Palladam Sanjiva Rao was an Indian flautist and carnatic musician from the state of Tamil Nadu .
Sanjiva Rao was born in 1882 in the town of Palladam near Coimbatore in a Thanjavur Marathi family .
Sanjiva Rao learnt music under Shatkala Narasayya and Sirkazhi Narayanaswamy and learnt flute from Sarabha Sastri for seven years .
 Palladam Sanjiva Rao was awarded the prestigious title of Sangita Kalanidhi for Palladam Sanjiva Rao services to Classical Indian Music by the Music Academy Chennai .
 Palladam Sanjiva Rao playing is noted for His playing unique style and the tonality .
Palladam Sanjiva Rao is the grandfather of singer Prasanna
Avaneeswaram S R Vinu is an Indian Violin player .
 Avaneeswaram S R Vinu was born to Avaneeswaram.N Trichur Ramachandran and Sahithi Devi in Trivandrum , Kerala .
 Avaneeswaram S R Vinu grand father late Avaneeswaram.K.Krishna Pillai was a renowned Nagaswaram player .
 Avaneeswaram S R Vinu started learning violinfrom Avaneeswaram S R Vinu father at the age of six who Avaneeswaram S R Vinu was a musician.after that Avaneeswaram S R Vinu got training from the violinist Prof. Kilimanur Thyagarajan .
 Later Avaneeswaram S R Vinu undergone higher studies in violin from Maestro Mysore M Nagaraj .
 Avaneeswaram S R Vinu is one of the sought after accompanying violinists .
 Avaneeswaram S R Vinu has performed all over the world with many leading musicians including Padmavibhushan Dr. M Balamuralikrishna , Padmabhushan Dr. K. J. Yesudas , Madurai T. N. Seshagopalan , Sanjay Subrahmanyan , Aswathi Thirunal Rama Varma , Padmabhushan T. V. Sankaranarayanan , Dr. N. Ramani , Shashank , T K Govindarao , Neyyattinkara Vasudevan , T. V. Gopalakrishnan , Trichur Ramachandran , O.S.Thyagarajan , Mavelikkara Prabhakara Varma , P. Unni Krishnan , Malladi Brothers , S. Sowmya , Bombay Jayashri , Vijayalekshmi Subrahmanian , Prof. Parassala B Ponnammal , Dr. K Omanakutty etc.Vinu has toured , and has performed in the United States , Canada , Australia , France , Germany , Sweden , Singapore , UAE and Qutar .
 Avaneeswaram S R Vinu is an A TOP grade artiste of All India Radio and Doordarsan .
Lalgudy Gopalayyar award from Madras Music Academy 2004 .
 Lalgudy Jayaraman award from Madras Music Academy 2004 .
 Lalgudy Jayaraman award from Madras Music Academy 2005 .
Has been conferred with the honour of Sri Kanchi Kama Koti Peetam Asthana Vidwan in 2010 .
Has been conferred with the honour of Sangeetha Rathna from Sri Sathyasai seva Organisation , Palakkad 2010 .
 Palakkad 2010 has been conferred with the honour of Youth Excellence Award from Maharajapuram Viswanatha Iyyer Trust , Chennai in 2012 .
 Palakkad 2010 has received the Senior Scholarship from Department of Culture , Government of India in 1998 .
 Palakkad 2010 was the winner in Violin at Trivandrum , Kerala State school Youth Festival in 1988 .
 Palakkad 2010 has played on various cassettes and CDs including Charsur , Manorama audios , Intreco etc. .
 Avaneeswaram S R Vinu is married to Dr.S.Aswathy Vinu , who is an A grade vocalist in All India Radio .
The couple has one daughter , Gayathri Nandana
In Carnatic music , the anupallavi comes after the pallavi and is usually the second section of any composition .
 Carnatic is then followed by one or more charanams .
The anupallavi is optional .
In such compositions pallavi is followed by one or more charanams
Papanasa Mudaliyar was an early Carnatic music composer who lived in Tamil Nadu , India .
 Among Papanasa Mudaliyar compositions mukattai kAttiya in Bhairavi ragam and nadamAdittirintha in Kambhoji ragam are well known .
The latter composition is an example of the Nindastuti style in musical compositions wherein the superficial meaning of the song seems to ridicule the deity involved .
Later Tyagaraja followed this in songs like Adigi sukhamu in Madhyamavathi raga
Kokilapriya is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Kokilapriya is the 11th Melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 The 11th ragam in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music is called Kokilaravam .
It is the 5th ragam in the 2nd chakra Netra .
The mnemonic name is Netra-Ma .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ra gi ma pa dha na .
Its structure is as follows : .
 As Kokilapriya is a melakarta ragam , by definition Kokilapriya is a sampoorna ragam .
 Kokilapriya is the shuddha madhyamam equivalent of Suvarnangi , which is the 47th melakarta .
 Kokilaravam is the 11th Melakarta in the original list compiled by Venkatamakhin .
The notes used in the scale are the same , but the scales are vakra .
It is an shadava-sampurna raga .
 Kokilapriya has a few minor janya ragams associated with Kokilapriya .
See List of janya ragams for full list of ragams associated with this scale .
 Here are a few common compositions sung in concerts , set to Kokilapriya .
 Muthuswami Dikshitar s composition Kodandarama is set to Kokilaravam ragam .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Kokilapriyas notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields Rishabhapriya melakarta ragam .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Kokilapriya
H. K. Narasimhamurthy is a Carnatic music violinist .
Sri H.K.Narasimha Murthy is a senior and leading violinist hailing from Mysore .
 Sri Narasimha Murthy 's has earned the respect of fellow musicians , critics , students and music-lovers alike , both as an extremely able performer and as a highly accomplished teacher .
 Sri Narasimha Murthy 's acumen was shaped by Sri Narasimha Murthy 's training in the revered Parur school of violin .
 Sri Narasimha Murthy 's had the good fortune of learning under Sri Parur Sundaram Iyer , and later from Sri Narasimha Murthy 's illustrious sons Sri M.S.Anantharaman and the legendary Sri M.S.Gopalakrishnan .
 Sri Narasimha Murthy 's also came under the influence of many great musicians of the day , during Sri Narasimha Murthy 's education at the Central College of Music , Madras , from where Sri Narasimha Murthy 's obtained the degree of Sangeetha Vidwan .
Sri Narasimha Murthy 's abilities were recognized early .
 Sri Narasimha Murthy 's won the first prize at the prestigious All India Radio competition , nearly forty years ago .
 Sri Narasimha Murthy 's has since served the organization with great distinction , having been employed as Staff Artiste at AIR , Mysore for several years , earning AIR , Mysore ` A-Top ' grade .
 Sri Murthy has , throughout Sri Narasimha Murthy 's career , enriched music concerts with Sri Narasimha Murthy 's violin accompaniment .
 Sri Narasimha Murthy 's playing technique is marked by great dexterity and unfailing support born out of deep understanding of the main musician .
 Sri Narasimha Murthy 's is a veritable bridge between the past and present generations of musicians and music-lovers , having accompanied a long list of unforgettable stalwarts of yesteryear , including Sri Maharajapuram Vishwanatha Iyer , Sri Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavathar , Sri Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer , Smt.D.K.Pattamal , Sri D.K.Jayaraman , and many of the living legends such as Dr.M .
Balamuralikrishna , Sri K.J. Yesudas , Sri T.V.Shankaranarayan , Sri T.N.Seshagopalan , Sri K.S.Gopalakrishnan and the Bombay Sisters , Smt.Saroja and Smt.Lalitha .
 Balamuralikrishna has also won many fans abroad , beginning with Balamuralikrishna debut visit to the USA about thirty years ago , accompanying the Bombay Sisters .
 The lofty credentials of ` HKN sir ' , as Balamuralikrishna is popularly and respectfully known , continue to serve posterity , by way of preserving the art , especially the Sri Parur style of violin , through Sri Parur dedicated teaching .
 Balamuralikrishna is one of those rare combinations of a very distinguished performer and an exceptional Guru .
 Balamuralikrishna exemplary sincerity and humility , and the virtue of giving selflessly and lovingly , mark Balamuralikrishna out as an Acharya worthy of emulation .
 Balamuralikrishna epitomises the traits of a true preceptor .
 His exemplary sincerity is an acknowledged fact that mastering the art of playing the violin is a challenge in itself .
It is an even bigger challenge to impart that mastery to one 's students .
The present generation of Carnatic Music is fortunate in that Sri Murthy has trained a large number of very competent violinists , many of whom hold their own at the highest levels of concert performance today .
 The present generation of Carnatic Music is indeed a matter of immense gratification that the likes of Sri HKN 's son Sri H.N. Bhaskar , Sri Mysore Srikanth and Kum.H.N.Smitha have already established their names in the present competitive world of music .
 More than fifty of Sri HKN 's son Sri H.N. Bhaskar disciples are professional musicians .
 Adding to Sri HKN 's son Sri H.N. Bhaskar impressive contributions to the cause of music is Sri HKN 's son Sri H.N. Bhaskar role in founding the Sri Thyagaraja Sangeetha Sabha , which Sri HKN 's son Sri H.N. Bhaskar has served with great devotion for over two decades and a half , making it one of the most respected organisations in Mysore .
H.K.Narasimha Murthy has won several awards such as `` VISHESHA ACHARYA '' award and `` The Pappa Venkataramiah Award ''
Tyagaraja Aradhana is an annual Carnatic music festival held in January and February .
 Many exponents of Carnatic music come to perform and are watched by thousands of ardent fans of Indian classical music .
 Carnatic is associated with the world famous singer and saint Tyagaraja and is one of the most important music festivals in India .
Every year on Pushya Bahula Panchami day when the saint attained samadhi under the auspices of Sri Thyagabrahma Mahotsava Sabha at the saints samadhi at Thiruvaiyaru , Tamilnadu , India .
The Aradhana in its present format is not even a hundred years old .
Thyagaraja died in 1847 .
 A few days before Thyagaraja death , Thyagaraja had renounced everything and had become a sanyasi .
 When Thyagaraja passed on , Thyagaraja mortal remains were buried on the banks of the river Kaveri and a small memorial was built at the spot .
 Thyagaraja disciples returned to His disciples respective villages and observed Thyagaraja death anniversary at His disciples own homes .
 The memorial was soon forgotten and it was not until around 1903 that Tyagarajas last surviving disciples , Umayalpuram Krishna Bhagavatar and Sundara Bhagavatar returned to Tiruvayyaru , identified the place and had Tyagarajas renovated .
 From the next year , efforts were made by musical stalwarts to observe the anniversary at Tiruvayyaru the anniversary at Tiruvayyaru .
In 1905 they conducted the ceremony in style complete with feeding of the poor and worship at the memorial as per Vedic tenets .
By next year , the Tillaisthanam brothers fell out of favour with each other and each began conducting a parallel Aradhana .
 Musicians aligned Musicians with one or the other brother and soon two rival factions came into being .
 Narasimha Bhagavatar , being the elder , Narasimha Bhagavatar group came to be called the Periya Katchi and Panju Bhagavatars was called the Chinna Katchi .
 With the passing of the Tillaisthanam brothers , the Periya Katchi came under the control of the ace violinist Malaikottai Govindasami Pillai , while the Chinna Katchi had as its moving spirit , Soolamangalam Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar , noted Harikatha exponent .
 The Chinna Katchis celebrations began five days before the a parallel Aradhana and concluded on the Aradhana day .
 The Periya Katchis began on a parallel Aradhana day and continued for four days after that .
Both groups organised music performances and feeding of the poor and so the public was the real beneficiary during the nine days .
On one count , both groups were united .
They did not allow women to perform during the Aradhana .
They also did not permit nadaswaram performances .
 In 1921 , Bangalore Nagarathnamma , a rich temple dancer , who was then residing in Madras , decided to dedicate her lifes earnings to perpetuating Tyagarajas memory .
Seeing the rampant factionalism and discrimination against women , she decided to take action .
In 1925 , she bought the land on which the memorial stood and soon began the construction of a temple over the memorial .
 She also had an idol of saint Tyagaraja sculpted and installed in front of the memorial .
The consecration of the temple took place in early 1926 .
But the two rival groups while not interfering with all this , refused to let her perform her Harikatha in front of the deity she herself had installed .
 They cited several instances from Tyagarajas songs where her Harikatha had complained about women in general .
 Undeterred , Bangalore Nagarathnamma began a third front which conducted its own music programs at the rear of the shrine .
 This featured many women artistes and soon began eating into the popularity of the events hosted by the two The Periya Katchis .
 The doughty lady also filed suits in the local courts demanding the prevention of the Katchis from entering the temple as it belonged to The doughty lady by right .
 The doughty lady lost the case , but the hours of worship were laid down by the courts , dividing the Aradhana day equally between the two The Periya Katchis and The doughty lady own group .
Matters continued this way till 1940 , when SY Krishnaswami , ICS convinced the groups to unite and it was in 1941 that the Aradhana as we know of it was first conducted .
Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavatar selected the five pancharatnas as being best suited for group rendering so that a common homage by all musicians became possible .
This idea was adopted and the choral rendition of the five songs was made an integral feature of the Aradhana .
 Bangalore Nagarathnammal spent the rest of her days in Tiruvayyaru and bequeathed all her wealth to the saint Tyagaraja memorial , with the stipulation that women be allowed to pay their homage without any hindrance .
When she died in 1952 , she was buried close to Tyagarajas memorial and a statue was erected on the spot .
The statue directly gazes on Tyagarajas memorial .
 A huge complex is now under construction at Thiruvaiyaru at this site to accommodate the large audience that come to the concert in ever-increasing numbers every year .
The 166th festival was held in 2013 .
The pancharatna keerthanas were sung on 31-1-2013 .
 In the US , there is a Cleveland Thyagaraja Aradhana held in Cleveland , Ohio around Easter .
Usually , dozens of Carnatic musicians preside over , and perform in the festival .
In Kozhikode district , every year since 1981 the Tyagaraja Aradhana Trust has been conducting a 5 day music festival in honour of Sri Tyagaraja .
The festival is complete with the Uncchavritti , rendering of Divyanama kritis , Pancharatna Kritis , concerts by both professional artistes and students of music from morning to late in the evening .
In the small pearl of the Indian Ocean , Mauritius Island , Tyagaraja Aradhana is celebrated with great devotion by the Vyasha Dhalia Ashram .
Abhishekam is done for shri Rama in the morning and followed by the Kritis of Tyagaraja Swami accompanied by instruments such as mridangam , morsing , ghatam , khanjira , veena , violin and flute
H. Ramachandra Shastry was an Indian Carnatic flautist .
 H. Ramachandra Shastry belonged to the baani of Sarabha Sastri and learned music from a direct disciple of Sarabha Sastri , Palladam Sanjiva Rao .
Ramachandra Shastry taught Carnatic flute at Kalakshetra until 1992 .
 G. S. Rajan Ludwig Pesch and T Sashidhar are some of G. S. Rajan Ludwig Pesch disciples
Neetimati is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 60th melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is called Nishadham in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 6th ragam in the 10th chakra Disi .
The mnemonic name is Disi-Sha .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ri gi mi pa dhu nu .
 The mnemonic phrase structure is as follows : .
 As Carnatic is a melakarta ragam , by definition Carnatic is a sampoorna ragam .
 Carnatic is the prati madhyamam equivalent of Varunapriya , which is the 24th melakarta ragam .
 Neetimati has a few janya ragams associated with Carnatic of which Hamsanadam is quite popular .
 See List of janya ragams for full list of scale associated with Neetimati .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Neetimatis notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 1 minor melakarta ragam Gangeyabhooshani .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Gangeyabhooshani
Shashank Subramanyam is a Grammy nominated renowned exponent of the Bamboo Flute from India and specializes in Indian Classical Music .
He was a child prodigy and began performing from his age of 6 in 1984 and has performed in the top circuit for over 25 years now .
Shashank Subramanyam born in a Sankethi family in Rudrapatna , India to Hemalatha and Subramanyam .
He was trained by his father and by vocalists R.K. Srikantan , Palghat K.V. Narayanaswami , and Hindustani music under Pandit Jasraj .
 Shashank Subramanyams is married to Shirisha , a Bharatanatyam dancer , a Bharatanatyam dancer .
 Shashank Subramanyams and Shirisha , a Bharatanatyam dancer have a daughter Swara and live in Chennai , India .
 Shashank Subramanyams main hobby is aviation and has often remarked that Shashank Subramanyams would have been a pilot if Shashank Subramanyams was not a musician .
 Shashank Subramanyams also has a deep passion for antiques , cars and traveling .
 Shashank Subramanyams performed for the general public in 1984 for the first time at the age of 6 .
 Shashank Subramanyams began performing at the top circuit in 1990 with major performances in Adelaide , Australia , Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia and in Singapore followed by Shashank Subramanyams major performance at Shastri hall in Dec of 1990 .
 Shashank Subramanyams career-defining moment came when the Music Academy invited Shashank Subramanyams , just 12 years old , to perform in the senior most performance slot SADAS concert at The Music Academy , Chennai January 1 , 1991 - a record that is yet to be broken .
 Shashank Subramanyams has been a senior flautist in the field of Carnatic Music and has collaborated with host of musicians from India and around the world including John McLaughlin , Paco De Lucia , The New Jungle Orchestra , Mikkel Nordso , Merlyn Mazur , Ustad Shahid Parvez , Ustad Zakir Hussain , Ustad Sultan Khan , Pandit Vishwa Mohan Bhatt , Ronu Mazumdar , Ustad Shujaat Khan , Debu Choudhury .
 Shashank Subramanyams performs in a wide range of concert environments from the pure Indian classical , Symphonies , Jazz and cross over projects .
 Shashank Subramanyams has led many ensembles and also has been a guest artist on many famed bands .
Shashank 's main style is Carnatic classical but incorporates patterns of improvisation from Hindustani music and uses a range of flutes to cover octaves that are not supported by the traditional Carnatic flute .
 Shashank Subramanyams is known for Shashank Subramanyams intricate and intense alapanas , melodious keerthana renderings and pulsating kalpanaswaram .
 Shashank Subramanyams concerts generally include a Ragam Tanam Pallavi as a central piece , normally composed by Shashank Subramanyams Shashank Subramanyams .
 Shashank Subramanyams has used the technique of multi flute transposed fingering technique and dual octave production .
 The BBC World TV did a documentary on Shashank Subramanyams titled Destination Music , recently .
Grammy Nomination for the album Floating Point with John McLaughlin - 2009 .
Kalaimamani the prestigious state award / title from the Tamil Nadu Government in the year 2000 .
A Top ranking in the All India Radio and Doordarshan .
Empaneled artist of the ICCR under Outstanding and senior category since 1995 .
Kuzhal Arasar by Kellogg School of Management , Northwestern University , Chicago .
 Shashank Subramanyams was awarded a direct A Grade ranking in the All India Radio and Doordarshan in 1993 at Shashank Subramanyams age of 13 .
 Sawai Gandharva Festival-Pune , Ganga Mahotsav-Haridwar , Saptak_Ahmedabad , Navi Mumbai Sageet Utsav , Skopje Jazz Festival - Macedonia , NCPA - Mumbai , Vishnu Digambar Festival-Delhi , Ravishankar Center-Delhi , Harivallabh Sangeet Samora-Jallandhar , the Music Academy-Chennai , Chowdiah Memorial Hall - Bangalore , India Music Group - Bombay , The Mysore Palace Ramakrishna Mission-Calcutta , Dover Lane Festival Calcutta , ITC SRA Festival-Delhi , Krishna Gana Sabha-Chennai , The Smithsonian , Kennedy Center and National Academy of Sciences in Washington D.C. , J. Paul Getty Hall - Hollywood , Cerritos Performing Arts Center in Los Angeles , Eastman School of Music - Rochester , World Music Institute - New York , Asian Art Museum - San Francisco , Amadeus Mozart Conservatory-Salzburg , Austria , UC Los Angeles , UC Berkeley , UC Santa Barbara , UC San Diego , San Diego State University , UC Irvine , Arizona State University - Tempe , University of Arizona-Tucson , University of Texas at Austin , University of Texas at Arlington , Texas Tech-Lubbock , University of North Texas-Denton , University of Chicago , University of West Virginia , University of Illinois - Urbana , University of Wisconsin-Madison , University of Maryland-College Park , University of Florida-Jacksonville , University of North Carolina-Greensboro , Duke University - Durham , North Eastern University - Chicago , North Western University - Evanston , Royal College of Music - London , Leicester University - UK , University of Washington - Seattle , University of Washington - Pullman , University of Oregon - Eugene , Oregon State University - Corvallis , University of Oklahoma-Norman , Carniegi Melon University-Pittsburgh , Harvard and MIT at Boston , Wesleyan University - Connecticut , Yale University , Stanford University , University of Cincinnati , Rice University-Houston , Florida State University - Tampa , Drexel University , Drake University-Des Moines , Iowa State University-Ames , Colgate University , University of Pennsylvania - Philadelphia , Rutgers University-NJ , Texas A&M ; College Station , St. Thomas University-Houston , University of Louisiana-New Orleans , University of Alabama , Cornell University , Amherst College , Emory University - Atlanta , Georgia Tech , University of Tenn-Knoxville , Berkeley College of Music-Boston , SUNY Buffalo , Concordia University-Montreal , University of Calgary , Guilford College , Arizona State University-Flagstaff , Lausanne Conservatory-Switzerland , Xebec Hall and Across Fukuoka in Kobe and Fukuoka , Japan , Womens University - Osaka , Japan , Tsuyama Jazz Festival-Japan , Hong Kong Museum of Art - Hong Kong , World Flute Conference - Nashville , Theater De - La-Ville , UNESCO & Musee Guimet in Paris - France , Tropical Institute - Amsterdam , Music Gebou-Amsterdam , Rasa house of World Culture-Antwerp-Belgium , University of NSW , Sydney , Mcquarie University-Sydney , Monash University-Melbourne , University of Darwin , SUNY-Long Island , Judith Wright Center - Brisbane , Port Fairy Folk Festival-Australia , Darwin Entertainment Center-Darwin , University of Auckland , New Zealand , Richard Strauss Conservatory - Munich , WDR-Cologne , Bayriche Radio - Munich and Nurnberg , Rytmisk Conservatory-Copenhagen , Opera House-Copenhagen , University of Uppsala-Sweden , The Club in Oslo-Norway , International Book Fair-Torino-Italy , World Sacred Music Festivals - France , Germany and Belgium , The Lowry in Manchester - UK , The Sage in Gateshead - UK , Modigliani Hall - Padova - Italy , Museum Rietberg - Zurich , The Munchen Residency in Munich , SLF Auditorium , Singapore , Singapore Radio , Esplanade Theater-Singapore , Putra World Trade Center - Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , The Adelaide Festival - Australia , Improvisation Festival in Lausanne - Switzerland , Seoul Plaza in Seoul Plaza - Korea , Les Oriental Festival - France , Festival of Nantes-France , Abbaye Royal Du Fontevraud in Samur - France , Royal Society Flute Conference in Manchester , Oriental Festival in Evora , Portugal , The Meyrin Forum in Geneva , Trondheim Festival , Norway and a host of other institutions across the world .
 US , Canada , UK , Macedonia , Spain , Portugal , France , Holland , Belgium , Germany , Switzerland , Austria , Italy , Denmark , Norway , Sweden , South Africa , Kuwait , Bahrain , Dubai , Abu Dhabi , Oman , Qatar , Sri Lanka , Malaysia , Singapore , Australia , New Zealand , Japan , Hong Kong and Korea
Naganandini is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Naganandini is the 30th Melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Naganandini is called Nagabharanam in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
 Naganandini is the 6th ragam in the 5th chakra Bana .
 The mnemonic name is the 5th chakra Bana .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ri gu ma pa dhu nu .
Its structure is as follows : .
 As Naganandini is a melakarta ragam , by definition Naganandini is a sampoorna ragam .
 Naganandini is the shuddha madhyamam equivalent of Chitrambari , the 66th melakarta .
 Naganandini has a few minor janya ragams associated with Naganandini .
 See List of janya ragams for all ragams associated with Naganandini .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Naganandinis notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 2 other minor melakarta ragams , namely , Bhavapriya and Vagadheeshwari .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Naganandini
 Tiruvidaimarudur Ramaswamy Mahalingam affectionately known as Only Mali , was a flautist who revolutionized the style of flute-playing in Carnatic music .
TRM was born in Tiruvidaimarudur , Tanjavur district in Tamil Nadu to Ramaswami Iyer and Brahadambal .
 Ramaswami Iyer parents named Ramaswami Iyer after Mahalingaswamy , the deity of the nearby Hindu temple .
 Ramaswami Iyer had an elder sibling Devaki and started learning singing music from Jalra Gopala Iyer maternal uncle Jalra Gopala Iyer , who ran a famous music school .
 At age five , Ramaswami Iyer observed other boys playing the flute and secretly , against Ramaswami Iyer fathers wishes , Ramaswami Iyer picked up a flute and learnt to play , in three speeds , the Viriboni Varnam in Bhairavi raga entirely by Bhairavi .
As a boy , T.R. Mahalingam had the ability to play any song he heard after listening to it only once .
As such , he quickly advanced through his music training .
 Only Mali was the founder of the popular style of flute playing followed today by the Carnatic flautists .
 Before Only Mali , the style of flute playing was called Sarabha Sastri style , popularized by Sarabha Sastris disciple , Palladam Sanjiva Rao , and did not have any gamakas and involved playing the flute in discrete bursts .
 T.R. Mahalingam had breath control that enabled T.R. Mahalingam to blow any single note over 40 seconds .
 This breath control let Only Mali give great volume to the lower octaves as well as the higher octaves .
 Only Mali introduced new fingering techniques , and a grip on the flute that came to be known as the parrot clutch or the cross-fingering style , allowing greater control .
 T.R. Mahalingam style of continuous flute playing provided gamakas , and an ability to better imitate the human voice .
 In Carnatic music , instrumental music seeks to emulate vocal singing which is considered the ideal , and Carnatic was only with Malis style did all the nuances of Carnatic music become possible to be expressed on the flute .
 Malis style prevailed over the Sarabha Shastri style whose last follower , Ramachandra Shastri , a disciple of Palladam Sanjeeva Rao , died in 1992 .
The loss of Sarabha Sastri style is only an academic loss and Malis style of playing remains to this day unparalleled .
 Malis techniques came into greater prominence under Dindigul SP Natarajan T.S.Sankaran , N. Ramani , B. N. Suresh and have been carried forward by Mr.Viswanathan and students including Prapancham Sita Raman , B.G. Srinivasa , C.M.Madhuranath , B. Shankar Rao and B.M Sundar Rao .
 T.R. Mahalingams technique also led to a redesign of the bamboo flute : T.R. Mahalingam made T.R. Mahalingam flute reeds thicker and the holes smaller - producing a warm , rich tone .
 Also , unlike others before T.R. Mahalingam , Only Mali drilled eight holes in the flute .
 It was the eighth and extra hole that helped provide Mali with the extraordinary control T.R. Mahalingam had on the instrument .
- Prof. P. Sambamurthy , musicologist .
 P. Sambamurthy first concert was in 1933 at the Thyagaraja festival in Mylapore , at the age of seven .
 At the concert , two stalwarts in the audience , Parur Sundaram Iyer and Musiri Subramania Iyer , were so impressed that Parur Sundaram Iyer left the concert to bring ponnadai to drape around the boys shoulders , a great honor usually reserved for Carnatic music veterans .
 After this successful debut , P. Sambamurthy father put him on a hectic touring and performing schedule , leading to resentment on the boys part .
It was also hard to persuade well-known musicians to accompany him .
 However , within a very short time , Only Mali was being accompanied by some of the best accompanists in the realm , including Chowdiah , Papa K.S. Venkataramaiah , Kumbhakonam Azhagianambi Pillai , and Tanjor Vaidyanatha Iyer .
Later in his career , he worked with the legendary Palghat Mani Iyer and Palani Subramaniam Pillai .
 Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar once picked up the violin to accompany Only Mali .
 However , it was Palghat Mani Iyer whos pairing with Only Mali became the most well known .
Only Mali gives me work for my hands - Mani Iyer .
 When Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer was asked to list the great geniuses of Carnatic music , Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer thought of only three names : T.R. Mahalingam , T.N. Rajarathnam Pillai and Palghat Mani Iyer .
 That Only Mali came first to the mind of the aging grandsire of music spoke eloquently of his unquestioned virtuosity on the flute .
- V. Sriram , Carnatic Summer .
 In performance , Only Mali would sometimes leave off halfway through an idea , or play the same piece repeatedly , or simply breathe into the flute occasionally .
 On the other hand , V. Sriram would sometimes play hours longer than the schedule , including playing for the Lord Muruga at Tiruttani for eight hours continuously .
 Due to this same eccentric nature , V. Sriram developed a reputation for playing truant at concerts , often turning up late .
Yet , it was less out of a disregard for people , and more out of a sense of anti-idolization and self-effacement .
In some cases , he caused the audience to wait several hours past the scheduled concert time , then would play for a few minutes , and abruptly leave .
 Although this sparked outrage and alienated Only Mali from many of his peers , the situation was quite different from what it may have seemed , according to his disciple Sundaram : .
 Only Mali also enjoyed challenging his accompanists with difficult musical progressions , and tricking them into making mistakes .
The only accompanist he gave full rein to was the elder violinist Papa Venkataramaiah , whom he considered his mentor .
He himself was an accomplished violinist , and claimed to be better on the violin than on the flute .
He was also responsible for the initial encouragement to T N Krishnan s career .
 Only Mali mentioned many times that he did not care for any praise or awards for his music , ideals that he upheld to the very end .
Shortly before his death , he was awarded Indias highly prestigious Padma Bhushan for music in January 1986 , which he flatly refused .
After moving to Bangalore in 1955 , he went to seclusion in 1958 , playing very infrequently .
From 1980 to 1985 he lived in the United States , with his wife .
 In 1985 , T.R. Mahalingam decided to return to India , and after a short time in Bangalore , T.R. Mahalingam died of a cerebral haemorrhage in 1986 at the age of 59 , leaving behind T.R. Mahalingam an indelible mark that changed the face of Carnatic music on the flute forever
Vittal Ramamurthy is a leading and popular violinist in the Carnatic music tradition of South India .
 Vittal Ramamurthy is an outstanding .
soloist as well as an excellent accompanist .
He is a Grade A artiste of All India Radio and has performed extensively in national radio and television , in addition to live concerts .
 Born in a family of musicians and music connoisseurs , Vittal Ramamurthy started his musical journey at home .
He started learning Carnatic music from his mother , Krishnaveni , who is the main guiding force in all walks of his life .
He was introduced to violin by his grandfather , Late Sangeethabhushanam B.V. Subba Rao .
He continued training under Hosahalli Venkataram and T. Rukmini .
He has been fortunate to learn the nuances of violin playing from the legend and violin maestro Padmabhushan Lalgudi Jayaraman .
Under his able tutelage , he blossomed into a versatile musician .
 His authentic rendering of Carnatic music is rich with creativity and innovative improvisation .
His playing scores high on the melody scale and is embellished with heart-warming sangatis .
His excellent style encompasses aesthetic grace , rhythmic accuracy and captivating melody .
His accompanying style is to subtly blend with and complement the main performer in the best traditions of the Lalgudi style .
Sensitive accompaniment , harmony , grace and maturity mark his widely acclaimed performances .
He has a strong vocal background also .
 This adds essence to the quintessence of the Lalgudi style which is characterized by purity , clarity , melody and above all deep .
emphasis on Sahitya .
 Sahitya bhava-filled raga expositions stand testimony to Sahitya talent and arduous training .
 Sahitya has performed in 1500 + concerts worldwide .
 Sahitya has been blessed to accompany Sahitya guru , Lalgudi Jayaraman in Sahitya vocal , violin duet .
and trio concerts .
 Sahitya has accompanied great vocal stalwarts like D. K. Jayaraman , Dr. Mangalampalli Balamuralikrishna , R K Srikanthan , Nedunuri Krishnamurthy , Madurai T. N. Seshagopalan , T. K. Govinda Rao , T. V. Sankaranarayanan , K. J. Yesudas , Bombay Sisters and Sudha Raghunathan .
 Sahitya has also accompanied the current generation vocal artistes like Vijay Siva , Neyveli Santhanagopalan , Sanjay Subramanian , T. M. Krishna , P. Unni Krishnan , Bombay Jayashri , S. Sowmya and others .
 Sahitya has also accompanied great instrumental stalwarts like N. Ramani , Kadri Gopalnath , N. Ravikiran , Shashank Subramanyam .
 Sahitya has participated in the World Music Festival in Theatre de la Ville , Paris and other International Festivals in Singapore and Dubai .
 In addition to Sahitya solo recordings , Sahitya has accompanied all the popular artistes in hundreds of commercial audio recordings .
 Sahitya is the most sought after accompanist today .
 In Sahitya quest to spread the tradition of Carnatic music , Vittal Ramamurthy has disciples worldwide .
 Sahitya has students in South India , USA , Canada , Australia and France .
 Many of Sahitya students have become leading performers today .
 As a Musicologist , a Musicologist has given Lecture Demonstrations and workshops at some major universities like the prestigious Shepherd School of Music , Concordia University and Harvard University .
 In a Musicologist passion for music and selfless contribution to the growth of Carnatic music , Vittal Ramamurthy and family organize summer camps in a Musicologist native town , Dharmasthala in Karnataka every year .
About 80 to 100 children from surrounding villages attend this camp which is in the style of the Gurukulam system .
 They stay in a Musicologist house and learn music for a whole week and share it with all their friends .
Eminent artistes are invited to give workshops and concerts to these young musicians .
Artistes like Neyveli Santhanagopalan , Vijay Siva , T. M. Krishna , Vellore Ramabhadran and Sankari Krishnan have participated in these workshops
B. Sasikumar is a noted Carnatic music violinist , musician , teacher , composer and writer from Kerala , South India .
B.Sasikumar was born on 27 April 1949 in Thiruvalla , to the late M. K. Bhaskara Panicker and G. Sarojini Amma .
 B.Sasikumar started B.Sasikumar basic lessons in music from B.Sasikumar father , who was a renowned Nadaswaram maestro , musician and composer .
 Later B.Sasikumar joined the Swati Thirunal College of Music , Trivandrum , Kerala , and took B.Sasikumar Ganabhooshanam and Ganapraveena degrees in music under the guidance of noted violinist Chalakkudy Narayana Swamy .
 B.Sasikumar started B.Sasikumar career as a lecturer at Swati Thirunal College of Music in 1967 .
 B.Sasikumar later joined All India Radio , Trivandrum , as staff artiste in 1971 and still continues there .
 B. Sasikumar has accompanied with B. Sasikumar violin many legends in Indian music , like Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavathar , Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer , D. K. Jayaraman , D. K. Pattammal , M. D. Ramanathan , K. V. Narayanaswamy , Alathur Brothers , Seerkazhi Govindarajan , M. Balamurali Krishna , T. V. Sankaranarayanan , Madurai T. N. Seshagopalan , T. K. Govinda Rao , K. J. Yesudas , N. Ramani , S. Balachander and Chitti Babu and so on .
 B. Sasikumar has also accompanied various jugalbandi concerts of musical giants Pandit Jasraj and Dr. M. Balamuralikrishna in Delhi and Madras .
 As an A grade artiste at AIR , the Kandathum Kettathum , an A grade artiste at AIR has been part of numerous concerts and musical programmes .
 an A grade artiste at AIR has produced many musical features for AIR such as Nadopasana , Sapthaswarangalil and Layicha Mahaanubhaavan - both on Saint Thyagaraja , Ganesha prabhaavam - on Shri .
Muthuswamy Dikshithar , Swathi Pranam and Bhavayami Raghuramam - on Maharaja Swati Thirunal .
Navavarana Krithimahima was a 10 episode series on Navavarana krithis .
 Navavarana Krithimahima has also directed Adhyathma Ramayanam recital in 2001 .
 Navavarana Krithimahima musical features Gurussaakshaathparabrahma , Madhavamanavam , Kaveri , Sanghagaanam , and Karnaki have won National Annual Awards from All India Radio .
 Navavarana Krithimahima still continues contributing lyrics for light songs , conducts and composes songs , composes and arranges musical features , writes dramas and skits for a noted feature of AIR , the Kandathum Kettathum , the Kandathum Kettathum .
 Navavarana Krithimahima dramas are noted for their classic humour and wit .
 Some of the famous creations are Ittaavattatthil Oru Natakam , Sishyan , Enikkente Veettil Ponam , Santhivilla , Pishukkan , Paavam Maveli , Katthivesham Paappukutty Asan , G. Sarojini Amma , and Akam Porul .
 Ittaavattatthil Oru Natakam has composed and presented an orchestral piece called String , consisting of only string instruments , with young artistes for the AIR programme .
 B. Sasikumar is a renowned teacher and has a number of students all over the music field .
 B. Sasikumar is noted for B. Sasikumar new techniques of teaching and practising .
 Balabhaskar , G. Venugopal , Kavalam Srikumar , Kallara Gopan , Vidhu Prathap , Attukal Balasubrahmanyam , Dr. Rajkumar , Soundarrajan and Mavelikara Sathees chandran are Balabhaskar students .
 Balabhaskar has also presented and directed an orchestra , Vadyatharangam , including all instruments .
 Balabhaskar has released many CDs and cassettes , most of them being devotional songs .
 Balabhaskar is a noted composer , composing krithis under the name Chandrapothar , which is a Sanskrit synonym for B. Sasikumar .
 Balabhaskar has more than 100 compositions to Balabhaskar credit , including many pallavis , Malayalam , Tamil and Sanskrit keerthanams .
 Balabhaskar has also introduced new Talas , such as Chathurangam
S. Sowmya is a Carnatic music singer and vainika .
 S. Sowmya learnt music initially from S. Sowmya father Dr. Srinivasan , and later from Dr. S. Ramanathan and Smt .
T. Muktha .
 In 1998 , S. Sowmya co-founded Carnatica - an institution dedicated to classical music & dance instruction , archival , talent search and other related activities .
 S. Sowmya also co-authored the first comprehensive reference CD-ROM on Carnatic music , Nadanubhava .
 S. Sowmya is also a visiting professor at the Advanced School of Carnatic Music of the Music Academy Madras
Tirumakudalu Chowdiah was a violin maestro from India in the Carnatic classical tradition .
 this motivated Shri Chowdiah , was born in Tirumakudal Narsipur village on the banks of the river Kaveri near Mysore .
 this motivated Shri Chowdiah became a disciple of Mysore Royal Court musician , Ganavisharadha Shri .
Bidaram Krishnappa in 1910 and underwent a very rigorous and disciplined training until 1918 in the gurukula system .
 In Shri Bidaram Krishnappa 's early years , Shri Bidaram Krishnappa 's played the four stringed violin , and by 1927 Shri Bidaram Krishnappa 's became an extremely well known violin accompanist.Those were the days when there was no sound amplification equipment and .
 it was rather difficult for listeners who sat in the back rows of music halls to hear Shri Bidaram Krishnappa 's playing the violin .
 this motivated Shri Chowdiah realized this shortcoming and launched upon increasing the sound of the violin .
 this motivated Shri Chowdiah improvised the violin by adding three more strings such as .
Tara Shadja - Mandra Shadja , Madhya Panchama - Mandra Panchama and Madhya Shadja Mandra Shadja .
 After practicing incessantly , Mandra Shadja began to use this new seven stringed violin in all Mandra Shadja concerts .
 Mandra Shadja experimented , innovated and practiced to achieve perfection , all without the knowledge of Mandra Shadja Guru .
 In one of the vocal concerts of Mandra Shadja Guru Shri .
 Bidaram Krishnappa in Mysore , Chowdiah accompanied Bidaram Krishnappa in Mysore , Chowdiah using Bidaram Krishnappa in Mysore , Chowdiah new seven stringed violin .
Krishnappa perceived the sound emanating from the violin was louder than usual .
He stared at his disciple and his violin and noted that there were three additional strings .
He angrily asked him '' what is this contraption ? ''
and had an outburst .
 this motivated Shri Chowdiah , in all humility said that this motivated Shri Chowdiah added three more strings and evolved this seven stringed violin so that the sound of the violin could be heard even in the back rows of the concert hall .
 this motivated Shri Chowdiah was afraid of the Guru 's outburst .
Veena Seshanna who was also present in the audience , was aware of the seven stringed violin .
 this motivated Shri Chowdiah was pleased with Shri Chowdiah 's accomplishment at innovating the violin , and told Shri Bidaram Krishnappa that this motivated Shri Chowdiah must be allowed to play that violin .
 Sometime later , this motivated Shri Chowdiah accompanied this motivated Shri Chowdiah master again in another concert using this new violin and this motivated Shri Chowdiah master was pleased with it .
 Thus this motivated Shri Chowdiah brought about a revolution , in the field of music .
 With this motivated Shri Chowdiah devoted practice , his Guru Shri .
 this motivated Shri Chowdiah became a very great violinist .
 The name this motivated Shri Chowdiah and the violin were synonymous with each other .
 With Bidaram Krishnappa 's encouragement , courage and mastery , Shri Chowdiah , earned fame , affection and respect from all Shri Bidaram Krishnappa 's great contemporaries .
 All musicians desired to have Shri Bidaram Krishnappa 's as The name Chowdiah and the violin violin accompanist .
 Bidaram Krishnappa 's encouragement is said that the brilliant vocalist Shri G.N. Balasubramanyam would request sabha secretaries , who wanted to arrange his concert , that they should talk to Chowdiah 's first to make sure Chowdiah 's first is available to accompany on violin .
 By devoted practice , application , grit and learning , Shri Chowdiah rose to Himalayan heights in the world of Carnatic music .
As a guru Shri .
 this motivated Shri Chowdiah would not sit with this motivated Shri Chowdiah disciples during fixed hours a standard practice in those days .
As a guru he taught many of his disciples for about 8-10 years .
He would enforce a sense of discipline that required the shishyas wake up early in the morning everyday and practice akara sadhana .
His disciples were expected to practice Sarale in six tempos .
Only one raga had to be practiced in any given month , for up to 4 hours a day .
This kind of practice was the means of developing voice culture and the deep knowledge of swaras , essential to gain vast vidwath .
Disciples had to practice varnams in three tempos and sing them to his satisfaction .
 This was the discipline that Shri Chowdiah inherited from this motivated Shri Chowdiah guru , Shri Bidaram Krishnappa , and this motivated Shri Chowdiah diligently passed on the same to this motivated Shri Chowdiah disciples .
 this motivated Shri Chowdiah , had many disciples .
The list included the likes of Shri R. K. Venkatarama Sastry , Prof. Mysore V. Ramarathnam , Shri .
Kandevieri Alagiri Swamy , Shri .
Palghat C. R. Mani , Shri Chennai V. Sethuramaiah and others .
 Later , Ramanujam , Madurai Venugopal , Chinnappa , H. R. Seetharama Shastri and others became disciples of this motivated Shri Chowdiah .
As a guru Shri Chowdiah was very affectionate towards his disciples .
 this motivated Shri Chowdiah was known for this motivated Shri Chowdiah hospitality and this motivated Shri Chowdiah always hosted many musicians when they visited Mysore.He would house them in a house that was located next to this motivated Shri Chowdiah residence in Mysore .
 this motivated Shri Chowdiah had cooks and servants dedicated to meeting the needs of this motivated Shri Chowdiah guests .
 this motivated Shri Chowdiah always took care of this motivated Shri Chowdiah personal chores this motivated Shri Chowdiah and would get really upset if this motivated Shri Chowdiah found any of this motivated Shri Chowdiah students folding this motivated Shri Chowdiah clothes , etc. .
 this motivated Shri Chowdiah also introduced this motivated Shri Chowdiah disciples to almost all famous musicians of this motivated Shri Chowdiah times and this motivated Shri Chowdiah insisted that , they learn the many nuances of the art of music from them .
 On this motivated Shri Chowdiah concert tours , this motivated Shri Chowdiah would always take select disciples and gave them additional opportunities to meet the giants of music , and interact with them .
 this motivated Shri Chowdiah was in great demand and used to be on concert engagements most of the time .
 After each concert where this motivated Shri Chowdiah accompanied the great masters , this motivated Shri Chowdiah would sit with this motivated Shri Chowdiah disciples , review the concerts and demonstrate the salient points by singing .
 Whenever this motivated Shri Chowdiah disciples accompanied this motivated Shri Chowdiah on this motivated Shri Chowdiah concert tours , this motivated Shri Chowdiah would make sure that this motivated Shri Chowdiah students were well taken care of , and would work with sabhas to arrange the concerts of this motivated Shri Chowdiah disciples ahead of main concerts and accompany this motivated Shri Chowdiah disciples on violin .
 The respect and support this motivated Shri Chowdiah received in Tamil Nadu was amazing .
The hotel proprietor 's in many cities and states would invite him and his disciples and host them free of cost .
The top officials and leaders of the town would compete with each other to extend him a warm welcome and request him to stay at their homes .
 Crowds would swell on the news of this motivated Shri Chowdiah arriving in town .
 Such was Chowdiah 's reputation ; this motivated Shri Chowdiah had captured the hearts and minds of both ordinary listeners and knowledgeable artists and connoisseurs of carnatic music .
 this motivated Shri Chowdiah designed the seven-stringed violin to ensure that the accompanist could match the vocalist .
 this motivated Shri Chowdiah was known as Pitilu Chowdiah - this motivated Shri Chowdiah being the word for violin in South Indian languages such as Kannada .
 As this motivated Shri Chowdiah hailed from Tirumakudalu Narasipura near Mysore , so this motivated Shri Chowdiah is also known as Mysore T. Chowdiah .
 Shri Chowdiah founded the Ayyanar College of music , in Mysore to fulfill this motivated Shri Chowdiah guru Shri Bidaram Krishnappa 's dream of opening an institution of learning and advanced studies in music at `` Shri Prasanna Seetha Rama Mandira '' .
 Mr. K. Puttu Rao , a senior advocate of the city , was the secretary of Bidaram Krishnappa 's Prasanna Seetha Rama Mandiram at that time , and K. Puttu Rao offered all the necessary support to set up the institution .
 Shri Chowdiah started the institution with this motivated Shri Chowdiah disciple Shri Ramarathnam as the vice-principal of Ayyanar College of Music , Mysore .
Hundreds of students have been trained in vocal , violin , veena and flute at the Ayyanar College of Music .
The college also trained many blind students who were provided the Government of India scholarships .
 Well known students of Shri Mysore Ramarathnam from this school include late N.Nanjunda Kandevieri Alagiri Swamy , late Dr B.R. Shyamachar , Late C.M. Madhuranath , Late T. R. Srinivasan , Late B. Srinivasa Iyengar , Late Rangaswamy Iyengar , K. J. Venkatachar , G. R.Jaya , Indira , Lalita , Padma and others .
The students of this college were trained to appear for junior , senior , and proficiency examinations in flute , violin , veena and vocal music .
Shri .
 this motivated Shri Chowdiah , the Principal often visited the college of music and would listen , observe , supervise and give suggestions to The students of this college and the administrators .
 this motivated Shri Chowdiah composed many varnas , kirthana 's and thillanas .
In the early days every one had seen vidwans like Musuri Subramanya Iyer , GNB , Maharajapura Vishwanatha Iyer participate in films .
 Motivated by this , this motivated Shri Chowdiah produced a movie called `` Vani '' , for which this motivated Shri Chowdiah was also the music director .
Those days there was a well known dramatist Hiranniah who , acted in the film and also helped Chowdiah with lyrics and scripts for songs in the movie `` Vani '' .
The lyrics for these songs consisted of dramatic tunes and , were not of the standard for compositions in carnatic music .
So , this motivated Shri Chowdiah to start composing .
 this motivated Shri Chowdiah has composed nearly 50 compositions in Sanskrit and Kannada including varna 's , kirthana 's and thillanas .
All of these have been edited and brought out in the form of a book `` Chowdiah 's Compositions '' by Prof. Mysore V. Ramarathnam , which were published by University of Mysore .
 this motivated Shri Chowdiah was awarded the Sangeetha Kalanidhi title by Madras Music Academy in 1957 .
 To honour the memory of this motivated Shri Chowdiah Guru , Shri Bidaram Krishnappa 's completed the Bidaram Krishnappa Rama Mandira in Mysore as Bidram Krishnappa died before realising Bidram Krishnappa dream on which Bidram Krishnappa had spent all Bidram Krishnappa fortune .
After a stellar career as a performing artist , innovator , guru and composer , Shri T. Chowdiah left his mortal remain in 1967 at the age of 72 .
While he remains as a shining star in the hearts and minds of true connoisseurs ' of carnatic music , his life and career and his contribution to carnatic music is alive and well throughout the world of carnatic music .
The violin shaped unique architecture of Chowdiah Memorial Hall in Bangalore , India built in memory of Shri Chowdiah stands to represent the gigantic musical personality that personified Shri Chowdiah
Adi talam is the name of one of the most popular tala or rhythms used in Carnatic Music .
Its full technical name according to the Carnatic Musics tala system is Chaturashra-naDe Chaturashra-jaati triputa taLa .
This tala has eight aksharas , each being 4 svaras long .
Many kritis and around half of the varnams are set to this tala
Kakarla Tyagabrahmam , colloquially known as Tyagaraja and Tyagayya , was one of the greatest composers of Carnatic music or Indian classical music .
 Kakarla Tyagabrahmam was a prolific composer and highly influential in the development of the South Indian classical music tradition .
Tyagaraja composed thousands of devotional compositions , most of them in praise of Lord Rama -- most of which remain very popular even today .
 Of special mention are five of his compositions called the Pancharatna Kriti , which are often sung in programs in the Pancharatna Kriti honor
Sattur A. G. Subramaniam , was a vocalist in the carantic tradition .
 Sattur A. G. Subramaniam vocals were enriched with brigas and high speeds .
Sattur A. G. Subramaniam was born to Ganesh Satrigal and Thailammal in Angarai , Tiruchirapalli .
 Sattur A. G. Subramaniam received Sattur A. G. Subramaniam Sangita Bhushanam diploma from Annamalai University in 1936 , where Sattur A. G. Subramaniam was taught by other distinguished stalwarts like Tiruvaiyaru Sabhesa Aiyer and Thanjavur Ponnaiah Pillai .
 AGS was deeply involved in Sattur A. G. Subramaniam music , whenever Sattur A. G. Subramaniam sang .
 Sattur A. G. Subramaniam songs were abundant with bhava rasa .
 A purist to the last , Sattur A. G. Subramaniam raga alapanas and pallavi elaboration in different ragas were masterpieces of expertise , lakshana - lakshya elegance , high level artistic exuberance of manodharma .
 Sattur A. G. Subramaniam singing endeared Sattur A. G. Subramaniam to several of Sattur A. G. Subramaniam famous contemporaries like GNB , Madurai Mani Iyer and Ariyakudi Ramanuja Iyengar .
Inaugurating the Sri Rama Navami concerts at Coimbatore was a privilege that was accorded to only the best singers .
AGS was given this privilege for several years , consistently .
 AGS was a much loved guru , who was affectionate towards all Rama Navami disciples .
 Rama Navami famous disciples were Sirkazhi V. R. Subramaniam , Sirkazhi R. Jayaraman , Musiri Ranagarajan , Sitamani Srinivasan , Sulochana Pattabhiraman , Tiruchi N. Natarajan among several others including Sirkazhi V. R. Subramaniam two daughters .
 Sirkazhi V. R. Subramaniam eightieth birth anniversary was celebrated on August 15 , 1995 by Sirkazhi V. R. Subramaniam disciples .
 Only two gramophone records and three cassettes of Sirkazhi V. R. Subramaniam rendition survive today
Aswathi Thirunal Rama Varma , also known as Prince Rama Varma , is a South Indian classical musician , a performing vocalist , veena player and writer .
 Rama Varma was born on August 13 , 1968 and is a descendant of the former Travancore royal family , although Aswathi Thirunal Rama Varma does not care for this to be emphasised .
 Aswathi Thirunal Rama Varma ancestors include Swati Tirunal and Raja Ravi Varma .
 Aswathi Thirunal Rama Varma harboured an early interest in becoming a veterinary surgeon but a chance opportunity to sing changed Aswathi Thirunal Rama Varma path .
 Aswathi Thirunal Rama Varma began learning music in 1982 with the encouragement and financial support of Aswathi Thirunal Rama Varma great-grandmother .
 Aswathi Thirunal Rama Varma was taught by Vechoor Harihara Subramania Iyer , Trivandrum R.Venkataraman and K. S. Narayanaswamy before becoming a disciple of Mangalampalli Balamuralikrishna .
 Rama Varma gave Aswathi Thirunal Rama Varma maiden public performance in 1990 and released Aswathi Thirunal Rama Varma first CD at the Queen Elizabeth Hall in London .
 Aswathi Thirunal Rama Varma has taken influences from other forms of music and has performed in India , A. P. J. Abdul Kalam and also in countries such as Dubai , France , Germany , Kuwait , The Netherlands , the UK and the US .
 Among Aswathi Thirunal Rama Varma notable venues have been Zuiderpershuis in Belgium , the Royal Tropen Institute in Amsterdam and the Korzo Theatre in The Hague .
 Aswathi Thirunal Rama Varma was invited to perform at the Rashtrapathi Bhavan by the then President of India , A. P. J. Abdul Kalam , A. P. J. Abdul Kalam .
 Aswathi Thirunal Rama Varma is regarded as an expert on the compositions of both Swathi Thirunal and Mangalampalli Balamuralikrishna .
 Aswathi Thirunal Rama Varma frequently gives lecture demonstrations in South Indian Classical Music particularly on Balamuralikrishnas compositions and regularly contributes articles about Indian music to newspapers such as The Hindu .
 Aswathi Thirunal Rama Varma is a fan of Indian singers Kishan Kishore and K. L. Saigal , as well as of world music stars such as Jade Eru , Fairouz and Googoosh .
 Aswathi Thirunal Rama Varma spends up to 16 hours a day practicing , studying , experimenting with and listening to music .
 Aswathi Thirunal Rama Varma organises Swathi Sangeethotsavam , a festival commemorating Swati Thirunal that is held annually at Kuthira Malika in Thiruvananthapuram .
 The Navarathri Mandapam Concerts held every year in connection with the Navarathri Festival at Trivandrum are also organised by Aswathi Thirunal Rama Varma .
 In 2006 , Aswathi Thirunal Rama Varma picked veteran Parasala Ponnammal to perform there , breaking a 300-year old tradition of not allowing women inside the Mandapam
The Navagraha Kritis are a set of 9 songs composed by Muttuswami Dikshitar , a great composer of Carnatic Music .
Each song is a prayer to one of the nine Navagrahas .
The songs titles , raga and tala are listed below : .
It is interesting to note that the set comprises all seven sooladi talas .
The last two were most likely composed by followers of Dikshitar , to complete the set of nine even though the signature used in the song is that of Dikshitar .
 The last two is said that Tambiappan , a disciple of Muttuswami Dikshitar was suffering from a stomach ailment and for long no medicines were able to cure Tambiappan .
 Dikshitar inspecting Tambiappan horoscope inferred that the planet Jupiter was in an unfavorable position and Dikshitar inspecting his horoscope ailment could be cured only by propitiating the planet god Brhaspati .
 As laymen would find these rituals complex Dikshitar inspecting his horoscope created the composition Brhaspate in the Raga Athana propitiating the planet , and asked Dikshitar inspecting his horoscope disciple to sing it for a week .
 As ordained , Dikshitar inspecting his horoscope ailment was cured .
 This incident provided the impetus for Dikshitar to compose kritis on all the Navagrahas
Tanarupi is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Tanarupi is the 6th melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Tanarupi is called Tanukeerti in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
 Tanarupi is the 6th ragam in the 1st chakra Indu .
The mnemonic name is Indu-Sha .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ra ga ma pa dhu nu .
Its structure is as follows : .
The notes used in this scale are shuddha rishabham , shuddha gandharam , shuddha madhyamam , shatsruthi dhaivatham and kakali nishadham .
 As Tanarupi is a melakarta ragam , by definition Tanarupi is a sampoorna ragam .
 Tanarupi is the shuddha madhyamam equivalent of Raghupriya , which is the 42nd melakarta ragam .
Tanukeerti is the 6th Melakarta in the original list compiled by Venkatamakhin .
The notes used in the scale are the same , but the ascending scale and descending scale are different .
It is an audava-vakra sampurna raga .
 Tanarupi has no janya ragams associated with Tanarupi .
See List of janya ragams for a full list of janya ragams .
 Here are a few common compositions sung in concerts , set to Tanarupi .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Tanarupis notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields no other melakarta ragam .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam
Navaragamalika is a composition in Carnatic Music that is composed using a collection of nine ragas .
Each verse is set to a different raga .
 Navaragamalika is the sandhi of two words nava and ragamalika .
Nava means nine .
Ragamalika means a garland of ragas in a composition .
The most well-known example of a Navaragamalika is Valachi Vachi , a Telugu varnam in the nine ragams of Kedaram , Shankarabharanam , Kalyani , Begada , Kambhoji , Yadukulakamboji , Bilahari , Mohanam and Shree ragam .
The author of the varnam is said to be Patnam Subramania Iyer , though it is also attributed to Kottavasal Venkatarama Iyer .
Navaragamalikas are commonly used in the composition of Pada Varnams , which are a class of varnams composed mainly for dance .
They are particularly useful when the song is intended to portray the Navarasas , or nine emotions .
Navaragamalika Pada Varnams include : .
 Samiyai Azhaitodi Vaa , composed by K N Dandayuthapani Pillai , in ragas Todi , Mohanam , Vasanta , Devamanohari , Shankarabharanam , Saranga , Kaanada , Arabhi and Bhairavi .
This composition makes use of the raga mudras in the Sahityam of the song .
Angaiyar Kanni , by Lalgudi Jayaraman , is a Navarasa Varnam .
It is composed in ragas Bilahari - portraying Ananda or Veera , Huseni - portraying Shringara , Valaji - Adbhuta , Saranga - Hasya , Sucharitra - Bibhasta , Atana - Raudra , Rasikapriya - Bhayanaka , Sahana - Karuna and Nadanamakriya - Shantam
G. S. Rajan is one of the top ranking exponents of the Carnatic music tradition and an outstanding world music composer .
 G. S. Rajan was born in Kozhikode , Kerala to Gayathri and GS Srikrishnan who respectively trained G. S. Rajan in Carnatic vocal music and Carnatic flute .
 G. S. Rajan had G. S. Rajan training at Chennais Kalakshetra , Chennai in vocal music under M. D. Ramanathan and Pudukode Krishnamurthy and flute under H. Ramachandra Shastry , one of the last representatives of the Sarabha Sastri baani .
 G. S. Rajan worked as Deputy Secretary in the Sangeet Natak Akademi , the national academy for music , dance and drama for 14 years .
 G. S. Rajan has received innumerable awards and recognation for G. S. Rajan contribution to the world of classical arts .
 G. S. Rajan also contributes reviews and articles to national dailies .
 In 2012 G. S. Rajan moved to the United States of America .
 G. S. Rajan has been performing solo classical flute concerts since 1982 .
 G. S. Rajan has presented recitals in major national and international festivals/venues in India , TN Seshan and abroad including : .
- Fundacion Tres Culturas Del Mediterrneo , Sevilla .
 - Academy of Indian Music and Arts , Kalakshetra , Chennai , India .
 - Meenakshi Sundararajan Fine Arts , Kalakshetra , Chennai , India .
- Sacred River Festival , Ahilya Fort , Maheswar , India .
- National Centre for Performing Arts , Mumbai , India .
- Indian Council for Cultural Relations , Delhi , India .
- Petofi Sandor Muvelodesi Haz Aulajaban , Gyor , Hungary .
 - Nuits de la Nuits de la Inde , Marseille , France , Marseille and Toulouse , France .
 - Le Festival Au Sud Du Sud , Parc de la Mirabelle , France .
 GS RAJAN started composing right from G. S. Rajan school days .
 Today G. S. Rajan is an outstanding music composer with decades of experience in composing music for films , documentaries , albums , ballets , classical and world music compositions both acoustic and electronic .
 G. S. Rajan is one of the first composers to introduce world music orchestral compositions in India , TN Seshan .
 G. S. Rajan compositions received appreciation from none other than Pandit Ravi Shankar , maestro Zubin Mehta , Sufi singer Abida Parween , Film maker Muzafar Ali , Musicologist Dr. Raghava R Menon , Senior-most critic Subbudu and many others .
Many top ranking vocalists including playback singers Vani Jayaram , Mano , Srikumar ; Classical singers Unnikrishnan , Anuradha Parasuram , Madhup Mudgal and others have sung Rajans popular music compositions .
 For Vani Jayaram thematic orchestral composition titled oasis Vani Jayaram received the Akashwani Award from All India Radio , Government of India , TN Seshan in 1996 and in 2005 G. S. Rajan was awarded with a special fellowship by the Government of France to compose Raga-Symphony which Vani Jayaram composed living in France and presented with French orchestra at Cite de la Musique and other venues in Europe .
 G. S. Rajan has composed original music score for some of the major International stage productions and musicals .
 G. S. Rajan has also composed music for some of the leading classical and modern dancers of India , TN Seshan including : Yamini Krishnamurthy-Bharata Natyam , Raja-Radha Reddy-Kuchipudi , Narendra Sharma-Modern , Shanta Rati-Dance Film , M. D. Ramanathan Vaidyanathan-Bharata Natyam , Sasidharan Nair-Modern , Vaswati Mishra-Kathak , Sharon Lowen-Odissi , Kavita Dwibedi-Odissi , Kanaka Srinivasan-Bharata Nataym , Vanasri and Jayarama Rao-Kuchipudi , Shagun Butani-Experimental dance , Maithreyi Pahari-Regional traditional dance , Ajith Dass-Bharata Natyam , Janaki Rangarajan-Bharata Natyam , Kalaivani Academy , Mythili & Rasika Kumar , Nava Dance Theatre and others .
 G. S. Rajan has also done title music for NDTV Business Awards , Logo and Title music for National Televisions DD-Bharati Channel , Title music for Provista India , Music for floats in Indias Republic Day parade , Sound and Light Shows etc. .
 The then CEC of India , TN Seshan , TN Seshan honoured GS RAJAN on 10 June 1995 when G. S. Rajan composed and presented a two-hour , first of its kind multi-media musical entitled Reflections in Kamani Auditorium , New Delhi with G. S. Rajan 25 piece orchestra .
 The national jury of Akashwani Award of All India Radio was bestowed upon RAJAN in the year 1996 when Rajans unique production entitled OASIS containing seven thematic orchestral compositions was selected as one of the best productions of All India Radio .
GS RAJAN received the Best Music Critic award for the year 2004 from the Minister of Information and Broadcasting .
Sangam Kala Group instituted this national level award .
 In 2005 G. S. Rajan was awarded a special fellowship by the Government of France to work with French musicians and to compose RAGA-SYMPHONY .
 On behalf of Apoorva Raagam , Tamil magazine on classical arts , Thavil maestro Shri Valayapatti honoured GS RAJAN with the title Venu Gaana Sudaroli on 1 Jan 2007 in Kalakshetra , Chennai .
 Justice Ramamoorthy honoured GS RAJAN with the title venu gana nipuna from Astika Samajam , Delhi on 30 October 2011 at Aishwarya MahaGanapti Temple , Lawrence Road , Delhi .
 Fourteen years experience in day to day office administration , personnel management , budgeting and maintenance of accounts , organization of meetings , festivals , exhibitions , Audio-Video Documentation , Compilation and Production of Video films and seminars etc. as Programme Officer and later as Deputy Secretary of SNA - Dept. of Culture , Ministry of Culture , Government of India , TN Seshan .
Participated in the organization of Indo-Soviet seminar on music , New Delhi-1988 .
 Participated in the organization of Festivals of India , TN Seshan abroad-1987-89 .
 Design/Execution of the first ever international exhibition of puppets in India , TN Seshan on the occasion .
Organized a twenty-day workshop of modern dance with faculty from American Dance Festival on the occasion of India International Dance Festival-1992 .
Organized a three-day festival of traditional theatre , Paramparik Natyotsava .
Designed the stage and outside decor -1994 .
Organized a five-day festival of classical music at Aurangabad-1995 .
Organized a five-day festival of classical music at Goa-1996 .
Audio/Video documentation of performing arts , Interviews , recordings Computerization of archival material-1986-97 .
Artistic Director - Festival of music and dance on the occasion of International Conference and exhibition of Terrestrial Broadcasting Engineers .
- Delhi-1997 .
 Officer-in-Charge - German Festival in India , TN Seshan SNA Cell .
2000-2001 .
Co-ordination of Ganatantra Mahotsav series and Swarnotsav series celebrating 50 years of the Republic of India for Sangeet Natak Akademi , National Academy of Music , Dance and Drama , Government of India 2000-2001 .
Organized award presentation ceremony - Swaralaya Puraskaram - to Bharat Ratna Pandit Ravi Shankar .
February 2002 .
Also organized award presentation ceremonies of DK Pattammal in Chennais Kalakshetra , Ustad Ali Akbar Khan in New Delhis Kamani Auditorium .
Designed logos , brochures , stage sets , websites and conducted press conferences and publicity etc. for innumerable festivals and programmes , seminars and workshops .
Artistic Director - Festival of music and dance on the occasion of International Conference of Interpol - Delhi 1997 .
Artistic Director - Monsoon Festival ; Spring Festival ; Nuits de LInde .
Founder President , SURYA , a space for young people .
HQ : Madras .
Member , Dance Audition Committee , Doordarshan - National Television .
International Jury Member .
Monoco Dance Forum , Ninjinsky Awards , Monoco .
Editor-in-Chief , Rasamanjari - a magazine on art and life - .
 International Co-ordinator , Nuits de la Inde , Marseille , France .
 Jury Member for national fellowships to young artists , Government of India , TN Seshan
Kakarla Tyagabrahmam Telugu kaakrl raambrhmN , colloquially known as Tyagaraju or Tyagayya in Telugu and Tyagarajar in Tamil , was one of the greatest composers of Carnatic music or Indian classical music .
He was a prolific composer and highly influential in the development of the classical music tradition .
 Tyagaraja composed thousands of devotional compositions , most in praise of Lord his Rama , many of which remain popular today .
 Of special mention are five of his compositions called the Pancharatna Kritis , which are often sung in programs in Pancharatna Kritis honor .
 Tyagaraja was born in 1767 in Tiruvarur , Tiruvarur district , Tamil Nadu , to Kakarla Ramabrahma and Sitamma in a Telugu Brahmin family .
 Kakarla Ramabrahma family belong to the smarta tradition and Bhardvajasa gotra .
 a Telugu Brahmin family was named Tyagabrahmam/Tyagaraja after Tyagaraja Aradhana , the presiding deity of the temple at Tiruvarur .
Tyagarajas paternal grandfather was Giriraja Kavi .
Giriraja Kavi was a poet and musician .
 Giriraja Kavi was born in Kakarla village , cumbum taluk in Prakasam district , Andhra Pradesh .
 a Veena player is believed to belong to Mulakanadu Telugu sect .
Tyagarajas maternal grand father was Kalahastayya/Veena kalahastayya .
 a Veena player was a Veena player .
 Tyagaraja learned playing Veena in a Veena player childhood from Kalahastayya .
After Kalahastayyas death Tyagaraja found Naradeeyam , a book related to music .
 Tyagaraja was the third son of Kalahastayyas parents , and Panchanada brahmam and Panchapakesha brahmam are Panchanada brahmam older brothers .
Tyagaraja began his musical training under Sonti Venkata Ramanayya , a music scholar , at an early age .
He regarded music as a way to experience Gods love .
His objective while practicing music was purely devotional , as opposed to focusing on the technicalities of classical music .
He also showed a flair for composing music and , in his teens , composed his first song , Namo Namo Raghavayya , in the Desika Todi ragam and inscribed it on the walls of the house .
 After some years , Sonti Venkata Ramanayya invited Tyagaraja Aradhana to perform at Tyagaraja Aradhana house in Thanjavur .
On that occasion , Tyagaraja sang Endaro Mahaanubhavulu , the fifth of the Pancharatna Kritis .
Pleased with Tyagarajas composition , Ramanayya informed the king of Thanjavur of Tyagarajas genius .
 The king sent an invitation , along with many rich gifts , inviting Tyagaraja Aradhana to attend the royal court .
 Tyagaraja Aradhana , however , was not inclined towards a career at the court , and rejected the invitation outright , composing another kriti , Nidhi Chala Sukhama on this occasion .
 Angered at Tyagarajas rejection of the royal offer , Tyagaraja Aradhana brother threw the statues of Rama Tyagaraja used in his prayers into the nearby Kaveri river .
 Tyagaraja Aradhana , unable to bear the separation with Tyagaraja Aradhana Lord , went on pilgrimages to all the major temples in South India and composed many songs in praise of the deities of those temples .
 Tyagaraja Aradhana , who was totally immersed in Tyagaraja Aradhana devotion to his Rama and led the most spartan way of life without bothering in the least for the comforts of the world , did not take any steps to systematically codify Tyagaraja Aradhana vast musical output .
 Rangaramanuja Iyengar , a leading researcher on Carnatic music , in his work Kriti Manimalai , has described the situation prevailing at the time of death of Tyagaraja .
 Carnatic is said that a major portion of his incomparable musical work was lost to the world due to natural and man-made calamities .
 Usually Tyagaraja Aradhana used to sing Tyagaraja Aradhana compositions sitting before deity manifestations of Lord his Rama , and Tyagaraja Aradhana disciples noted down the details of Tyagaraja Aradhana compositions on palm leaves .
 After Tyagaraja Aradhana death , these were in the hands of Tyagaraja Aradhana disciples , then families descending from the disciples .
There was not a definitive edition of Tyagarajas songs .
 The songs Tyagaraja Aradhana composed were widespread in their popularity .
 Musical experts such as Kancheepuram Nayana Pillai , Simizhi Sundaram Iyer and Veenai Dhanammal saw the infinite possibilities for imaginative music inherent in Kancheepuram Nayana Pillai compositions and they systematically notated the songs available to them .
Subsequently , indefatigable researchers like K. V. Srinivasa Iyengar and Rangaramanuja Iyengar made an enormous effort to contact various teachers and families who possessed the palm leaves .
K. V. Srinivasa Iyengar brought out Adi Sangita Ratnavali and Adi Tyagaraja Hridhayam .
Rangaramanuja Iyengar published Kriti Mani Malai in two volumes .
 Furthermore , Musiri Subramania Iyer , the doyen of Bhava Sangitam , had a vast collection of books in Musiri Subramania Iyer library .
 T. K. Govinda Rao , T. K. Govinda Rao disciple , brought out a volume of the songs of Tyagaraja in English and the Devanagari script .
 T. S. Parthasarathy , a leading scholar on Tyagaraja Aradhana , published the text and meaning of Tyagarajas songs .
 There are also many less comprehensive publications in Telugu .
Out of 24,000 songs said to have been composed and about 700 songs remain now .
 In addition to nearly 700 compositions , Tyagaraja composed two musical plays in Telugu , the Prahalada Bhakti Vijayam and the Nauka Charitam .
 Prahlada Bhakti Vijayam is in five acts with 45 kritis set in 28 ragas and 138 verses , in different metres in Telugu .
Nauka Charitam is a shorter play in one act with 21 kritis set in 13 ragas and 43 verses .
The latter is the most popular of Tyagarajas operas , and is a creation of the composers own imagination and has no basis in the Bhagavata Purana .
The 20th-century Indian music critic K.V. Ramachandran wrote : Tyagaraja is an indefatigable interpreter of the past ... but if with one eye he looks backward , with the other he looks forward as well .
 Like Prajapati , Prajapati creates Prajapati own media , and adores Prajapati Rama not alone with jewel-words newly fashioned , but also with jewel -- music newly created .
 It is this facet of Tyagaraja that distinguishes Prajapati from Prajapati illustrious contemporaries .
 In other words , while Tyagarajas contemporaries were primarily concerned with bringing to audiences the music of the past , Tyagaraja also pioneered new musical concepts at the same time .
 Tyagaraja Aradhana , the commemorative music festival is held every year at Thiruvaiyaru in the months of January to February in Tyagarajas honour .
 This is a week-long festival of music where various Carnatic musicians from all over the world converge at Tyagaraja Aradhana resting place .
On the Pushya Bahula Panchami , thousands of people and hundreds of Carnatic musicians sing the five Pancharatna Kritis in unison , with the accompaniment of a large bank of accompanists on veenas , violins , flutes , nadasvarams , mridangams and ghatams .
 A crater on the planet Mercury is named Tyagaraja Aradhana .
As the most famous composer of Telugu kritis or , Tyagaraja , who is fondly remembered as Tyagayya , has caught the imagination of filmmakers in the Telugu film industry .
Apart from references to his works , using the kirtanas as songs , two films were made on his life .
Chittor V. Nagaiah made a biographical epic on Tyagaraja titled Tyagayya in 1946 which is still treated as a masterpiece of Telugu cinema .
 In 1981 , Bapu - his Rama made Tyagayya with J. V. Somayajulu in the lead role .
Another attempt is being made by Singeetam Srinivasa Rao to picturise Tyagarajas life .
 The term pancharatna in Sanskrit means five gems : The Pancharatnas are known as the five finest gems of Carnatic music .
 All the The Pancharatnas are set to Adi Talam .
 So far as The Pancharatnas are concerned , a stable text has been handed over by the earlier musicians to the present day .
Several musicians have brought out editions of Pancharatnas .
However , Veenai Sundaram Iyers edition is the most detailed and comprehensive .
All the compositions of Tyagaraja show the way for the systematic development of the respective ragas .
 However , in the Pancharatnas , Tyagaraja Aradhana has given full , exhaustive and complete treatment as to how to systematically and scientifically develop a raga .
The two fundamental conditions that must be satisfied for a systematic development of a raga are the arrangement of the solfa swaras in the natural order of Arohanam and Avarohanam of the Ragas so as to satisfy the sound principles of harmony and continuity .
Pancharatnas satisfy these scientific principles in an unparalleled manner .
The Pancharatnas are composed in perfect sarvalaghu swaras .
Other notable compositions by Tyagaraja include saamajavaragamana in hindolam ragam , aadamodigaladhe in charukesi ragam , raju vedale in todi ragam , ninne nami naanura in pantuvarali ragam , and nagumomu kanaleni in Abheri ragam
The Haridasa devotional movement is considered as one of the turning points in the cultural history of India .
 Over a span of nearly six centuries , several saints and mystics helped shape the culture , philosophy and art of South India in general and present day Karnataka in particular by exerting considerable spiritual influence over the masses and kingdoms that ruled South India .
This movement was ushered in by the Haridasas and took shape in the 13th century - 14th century CE , period , prior to and during the early rule of the Vijayanagara empire .
The main objective of this movement was to propagate the Dvaita philosophy of Madhvacharya to the masses through a literary medium known as Dasa Sahitya .
Prominent Hindu philosophers , poets and scholars such as Sripadaraya , Vyasathirtha , Vadirajatirtha , Purandara Dasa and Kanaka Dasa played an important role during this time .
 Though the movement found The Haridasa devotional movement roots in the Kannada country and later spread to other parts of South India , The Haridasa devotional movement was a net result of earlier devotional movements such as the Veerashaiva movement of northern Karnataka led by Basavanna and the Alvar saints of Tamil Nadu .
 Later , Vallabhacharya in Gujarat and Guru Chaitanya were influenced by the teachings of Madhvacharya .
 Gujarat and Guru Chaitanya devotees started the worldwide ISKCON movement .
 The Haridasas were the most well known Haridasas , some of who were wandering bards , and considered themselves as slaves of their supreme Lord - Hari .
While the movement was mainly heralded by the Brahmins , it was a devotional one whose ideals and thoughts pervaded and received noteworthy contributions from all sections of society .
The Haridasa movement can be considered as a part of a larger Bhakti movement whose devotional inspiration to the masses lasted over a millennium .
 The Haridasa movement made significant contribution to Kannada devotional literature .
The origin of the Haridasa movement is not clearly known , with some legends indicating there were holy men and kings who espoused this form of devotion as early as the 9th century .
 However it is well known that the great Vaishnava religious devotionalism called Dasa Kuta found Dasa Kuta organizational base and started to produce large congregation of Their devotees in the present day Karnataka region , largely due to the Vedanta propounded in the 13th century by Madhvacharya of Udupi .
 The Haridasas who propagated the philosophy of Madhvacharya belonged to two groups ; the Dasakuta , those who conveyed the philosophy of Madhvacharya in simple and lucid Kannada to the masses , and the Vyasakuta , those who were required to be proficient in the Vedas , Upanishads and other Darshana .
During this period , this movement became a strong spiritual force which helped a resurgence of a strong Hindu sentiment in Southern India , when Northern India was already under Muslim rule .
 The Haridasas found state patronage in the Vijayanagara Empire which at the Vijayanagara Empire peak , ruled over the entire Southern India .
Vyasatirtha was intimately associated with the empire and was considered the family guru by King Krishnadevaraya .
 the most well known Haridasas belonged to the Vaishnava school of Hinduism and worshipped Vitthala , a manifestation of the Hindu god Vishnu and all forms of King Krishnadevaraya .
 The Vittalanatha temple at Pandharapura on the bank of the river Bhima in present day Maharashtra , the Vittala Swami temples at Hampi in present day Karnataka and the Srinivasa temple on Tirumala hills in Andhra Pradesh are considered the holiest of places in the the Haridasa context .
 The Haridasas generally hailed from places in the Haridasa context in present day present day Karnataka , but there were some exceptions such as Jayatirtha who was a native of Mangalvedhe near Pandharapura in modern Maharashtra and Naraharitirtha who was a native of either Andhra Pradesh or Orissa .
Naraharitirtha , a minister in the court of Kalinga was inducted into the Madhvacharya order .
 He composed many early devotional hymns in praise of the Hindu god Vishnu in the Kannada language , some of which are available today .
While the Srikurmam inscription indicates that Naraharitirtha may have been the originator of this devotional movement , the songs of the Haridasas give credit to Sripadaraya as the real founder of the movement in the 15th century .
Famous haridasas from the Madhvacharya order during the Vijayanagar empire period were : .
 Sripadaraya , Vyasatirtha and Vadirajatirtha are called three great saints in the Haridasa movement where as the epithet great trinity of Vaishnava composers from present day Karnataka goes to Sripadaraya , Purandaradasa and Kanakadasa , though Vaishnava is difficult to separate literature , music , devotion from Vaishnava composers from Karnataka composite writings .
 The center of three great saints in Haridasa movement activity in the 15th-16th century was Hampi in Karnataka , the royal centre of Vijayanagara , the regal capital of Vijayanagara empire .
The Haridasa movement gained further impetus in the 17th and 18th century in and around Raichur District .
 Some of the noted saints from this era were Guru Guru Raghavendra , Vijaya Dasa , Gopala Dasa , Jagannatha Dasa , Prasanna Venkata Dasa , Pranesha Dasa , Venugopala Dasa , Mahipathi Dasa , Mohana Dasa , Helevanakatte Giriamma and Harapanhalli Bhimavva .
 The history of the Haridasa movement from the 13th century to the present day is the history of spreading Hari bhakti to the common man and in that purpose contributed immensely to Kannada literature and to the development of Kannada language .
 Both the the Haridasa and Veerashaiva movements pervade the length and breadth of present day Karnataka and exert ennobling influences upon the neighboring provinces of Andhra Pradesh , Tamil Nadu and Maharashtra .
 the Haridasa movement made a significant contribution towards Kannada literature by spawning a whole corpus of devotional literature in the form of verses , hymns and musical compositions , popularizing the Dvaita philosophy postulated by Saint Madhvacharya .
The literature that originated from this devotional movement is called Dasa Sahitya .
These various compositions are generally called as Devaranamas and are sung in the praise of the god Vishnu .
 These compositions have the concept of Hari Bhakti at their core and they usually revolve around references to Hindu mythology and the Dvaita philosophy .
Some Haridasas such as Purandara Dasa and Kanaka Dasa also composed several Devaranamas using day-to-day episodes , morals and virtues as the central theme .
 These compositions were in simple Kannada language since the main objective of this movement was to take the devotional movement to the common man .
 In doing so , the common people were also educated in the importance of consciousness , devotion , ethics and Hindu religion .
Their hymns set to various musical tones aroused frevor among the masses .
As advocates of religious reform , the Haridasas propounded the virtues of detachment .
Similes and metaphors found in their songs and hymns were used to great effect in achieving this .
In addition to devotional songs , Kanaka Dasa authored five literary classical writings in the kavya style .
 Jagannathadasa , Vijaya Dasa and Gopaladasa etc. , are more well known among a galaxy of composers who made rich contributions to Kannada literature .
The compositions can be broadly classified under one of the following three types : .
 Each Haridasa had a unique ankita nama , or pen-name , with which Vijaya Dasa and Gopaladasa signed all Vijaya Dasa and Gopaladasa compositions .
The nom-de-plumes of some of the most well known Haridasas is listed below : .
 The Haridasa movement developed the Carnatic music tradition as a distinct art form from the Hindu style there by heralding a renaissance in the world of Indian classical music .
 Purandara Dasa , one of the foremost of the most well known Haridasas is known as the Father of carnatic music for his invaluable contributions to this art form .
He was a prolific composer .
 Historians propose the number of his compositions in the Kannada language were as many as 75,000 - 475,000 , though only few hundreds are available today .
He composed several Keertane which later served as the foundation for the Kriti form , elaborated and perfected by the Trinity of Carnatic music .
 He codified and consolidated the teaching of Carnatic music by evolving several graded steps such as sarali , jantai , thattu varisai , alankara and geetham , and laid down a framework for imparting formal training in the art form .
 The structure and lessons he formulated four centuries ago remain the foundation for all students of Carnatic music .
 Apart from Purandara Dasa , several later the most well known Haridasas composed songs adhering to the same musical and philosophical traditions .
 several later Haridasas compositions usually fell in one of the following categories : Padagalu , Kriti , Ugabhoga , Suladi , Vruttanama , Dandaka , Tripadi , Pattadi , Sangathya and Ragale .
 These forms of composition are still prevalent in South India and especially in present day Karnataka .
 Though these compositions usually adhere to the carnatic style of music , some of these compositions have also been sung in the Hindu style by musicians such as Bhimsen Joshi and Gangubai Hangal
Amrtavarsini is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Amrtavarsini is an audava ragam .
 Amrtavarsini is a janya ragam , as Amrtavarsini does not have all the seven swaras .
 Amrtavarsini is a common pentatonic scale of Carnatic music and is believed to produce rain .
 Amrtavarsini is said that the Carnatic composer Muthuswami Dikshitar brought rain at Ettayapuram , Tamil Nadu , India by singing his composition Aanandaamrutakarshini Amrutavarshini .
 Amrtavarsini is a ragam that does not contain rishabham or dhaivatam .
 Amrtavarsini is a symmetric pentatonic scale .
 Amrtavarsini structure is as follows : .
The notes used in this scale are shadjam , antara gandharam , prati madhyamam , panchamam , kakali nishadam -RRB- .
 Amrtavarsini is considered a janya ragam of Chitrambari , the 66th Melakarta ragam , though Amrtavarsini can be derived from other melakarta ragams , Kalyani , Gamanashrama or Vishwambari , by dropping both rishabham and dhaivatam .
There is another scale that has the same name but is less practiced in current performances .
This scale is associated with the 39th melakarta Jhalavarali .
 Amrtavarsini ragam lends Amrtavarsini for extensive elaboration and exploration due to the symmetric and pentatonic scale .
 Amrtavarsini has many compositions in both classical music and film music.Here are some popular kritis composed in Amrtavarsini .
Amritavarshinis notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 1 popular pentatonic ragam , Karnataka Shuddha Saveri .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 For more details and illustration of this concept refer Graha bhedam on Amrtavarsini
Lakshminarayana Ambi Subramaniam is an Indian/American violinist , pianist and singer .
 Lakshminarayana Ambi Subramaniam began performing at the age of six , and was proclaimed the ` New King of Indian Classical Music ' by the Times of India at age sixteen .
 The first two albums Lakshminarayana Ambi Subramaniam was featured on , Violin Maestros and Live at Neues Gewandhaus , Leipzig won GiMA awards ; the former also won a BiMA .
 Lakshminarayana Ambi Subramaniam strongest musical influence is Lakshminarayana Ambi Subramaniam father and guru Dr. L. Subramaniam , but Lakshminarayana Ambi Subramaniam has also been influenced by Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer , Jascha Heifetz , David Oistrakh and Maxim Vengerov .
 Ambi plays a 5-string acoustic/electric violin and a 4-string acoustic violin ; Lakshminarayana Ambi Subramaniam endorses D'Addario strings .
Ambi Subramaniam was born in Los Angeles , California , to Dr. L. Subramaniam , a violinist/composer and Vijayashree Subramaniam , a singer .
 Lakshminarayana Ambi Subramaniam was the youngest of four children .
 After the death of Lakshminarayana Ambi Subramaniam mother in 1995 , Lakshminarayana Ambi Subramaniam family relocated to Bangalore , India .
 Lakshminarayana Ambi Subramaniam father married Bollywood playback singer Kavita Krishnamurti on November 10 , 1999 and he lives with them and his sister Bindu Subramaniam , a singer/songwriter , and brother Narayana Subramaniam , a surgeon , in Bangalore .
From age 3 , he has learnt Carnatic violin under the tutelage of his father L. Subramaniam .
He has also studied western classical violin , piano and Carnatic singing .
 In his own words , Music is the only language I know and having such stalwarts around I has helped I tremendously .
 Every time I 'd see I dad practice I wanted to replicate him and I 's how it all started .
 His musical lineage can be traced back to the three major Carnatic music composers , Thyagaraja , Muthuswami Dikshitar , and Shyama Shastry .
 In addition to studying music , Ambi did his MBA at RIMS , Bangalore .
 Ambi is a practicing Hindu .
 Ambi gave Hindu first vocal concert at the age of 6 .
 And Hindu first violin concert in 1999 New Years Eve , at the age of 7 , in Hyderabad at Necklace road in front of 2 Lakh audience at Lakshminaraya Global Music Festival , when Hindu father asked Hindu to start the concert with Hindu solo .
 In 2004 , Hindu started performing with Hindu father L. Subramaniam and continues to perform and record with Hindu often .
 Hindu first performance for the Music Season in Chennai was in December 2012 .
 Ambi has been a regular performer at the Lakshminarayana Global Music Festival , participating as a featured soloist in many special events including Sounds of Bangalore , India and Violins for Peace .
 Ambi has performed twice at the Lincoln Center Out of Doors Festival , once in 2008 and again in 2012 .
He has performed on stage with artists including Larry Coryell , Ernie Watts and Corky Siegel .
 Ambi recently performed at the Skirball Center in Los Angeles .
 Ambi gave his debut orchestral performance at the age of 15 with the Orchestra Nationale du Lille conducted by Maestro Jean-Claude Cassedesus .
In 2008 , he performed with the Leipzig Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by Maestro Dr. Michael Koehler .
In January 2013 , he was a soloist with the Seattle Symphony performing Shantipriya , a composition of Dr. L. Subramaniam .
This concert was part of the Celebrate Asia concert series .
 Ambi has performed at TEDx events in Bangalore and Jabalpur .
 He was also a featured guest on ` Oye it 's Friday ' with host Farhan Akhtar , where special guest Shah Rukh Khan called special guest Shah Rukh Khan a ` genius ' .
 Ambi did a cameo in Kamal Hassan 's ` Hey Ram ' .
 Kamal Hassan 's appeared as Chinno , younger brother to Vasundhara Das 's character .
 Ambi is actively involved at the Subramaniam Academy of Performing Arts , a music school founded by Kamal Hassan 's parents Dr. L Subramaniam and Kavita Krishnamurti Subramaniam .
 Ambi is also involved Kamal Hassan 's family 's charitable work through the Subramaniam Foundation
Semmangudi Radhakrishna Srinivasa Iyer was a Carnatic vocalist .
 Semmangudi Radhakrishna Srinivasa Iyer was the youngest recipient of the Sangeetha Kalanidhi awarded by the Music Academy in 1947 and has received many awards including Padma Bhushan and Padma Vibhushan from the Government of India , Sangeet Natak Academy award , Isai Perarignar from Government of Tamil Nadu and Kalidas Samman from Government of Madhya Pradesh .
 Semmangudi Radhakrishna Srinivasa Iyer was affectionately addressed as Semmangudi Maama by Semmangudi Radhakrishna Srinivasa Iyer disciples .
 Semmangudi Radhakrishna Srinivasa Iyer was also considered the Pitamaha or the grand sire of modern Carnatic Music .
 Semmangudi Radhakrishna Srinivasa Iyer was conferred with an honorary doctorate by University of Kerala in 1979 .
 Semmangudi Radhakrishna Srinivasa Iyer was born in Tirukkodikaval , Tanjore district as the third son of Radhakrishna Iyer and Dharmasamvardhini Ammal .
 Semmangudi Radhakrishna Srinivasa Iyer lived with Semmangudi Radhakrishna Srinivasa Iyer maternal uncle Tirukkodikaval Krishna Iyer , a violin maestro , until the age of four and after Semmangudi Radhakrishna Srinivasa Iyer death , moved back to Semmangudi Radhakrishna Srinivasa Iyer parents home in Semmangudi , Tiruvarur District .
 At the age of eight Semmangudi Radhakrishna Srinivasa Iyer started learning music from Semmangudi Radhakrishna Srinivasa Iyer cousin Semmangudi Narayanaswamy Iyer .
 This was followed by some rigorous training under Thiruvadaimaruthur Sakharama Rao , a famous Gottuvadhyam exponent , an event considered by Semmangudi as a turning point in Thiruvadaimaruthur Sakharama Rao life .
 This was followed by another training stint with Narayanaswamy Iyer , during which time his cousin Semmangudi Narayanaswamy Iyer learnt a lot of varnams and keerthanams .
 Then his cousin Semmangudi Narayanaswamy Iyer had a musical apprenticeship with Maharajapuram Viswanatha Iyer .
 In 1926 , his cousin Semmangudi Narayanaswamy Iyer performed his cousin Semmangudi Narayanaswamy Iyer first music recital at Kumbakonam .
 In 1927 gave a concert in the Madras session of Indian National Congress , another event considered by Semmangudy as a turning point in Semmangudy life , as it catapulted Semmangudy into the big league of vidwans at that time .
 Semmangudy was known for producing soulful music , highly creative and yet very orthodox , despite a recalcitrant voice .
 Semmangudy was instrumental , along with Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavathar , for the work on the krithis of Maharaja Swathi Thirunal Rama Varma .
 After attending one of his concerts in 1934 , Maharani Sethu Parvati Bai of Travancore was so impressed by Maharani Sethu Parvati Bai of Travancore talent and scholarship that Travancore invited Maharani Sethu Parvati Bai of Travancore to come to Thiruvananthapuram to edit and popularise the compositions of Swati Tirunal .
 Maharani Sethu Parvati Bai of Travancore succeeded Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavathar as Principal of the Swathi Thirunal College of Music at Thiruvananthapuram , a post Maharani Sethu Parvati Bai of Travancore held for 23 years , until the age of 55 .
 At this age , Maharani Sethu Parvati Bai of Travancore handed over Maharani Sethu Parvati Bai of Travancore responsibilities to another Carnatic legend , G. N. Balasubramaniam and at the behest of the Government of India , became the Chief Producer of Carnatic music at All India Radio , Madras from 1957 to 1960 .
 In later life , Maharani Sethu Parvati Bai of Travancore concentrated on concert performances and tutoring youngsters .
 Maharani Sethu Parvati Bai of Travancore gave public concerts even after the age of 90 .
 Semmangudi was widely renowned for Semmangudi virtuosity as a concert performer .
 Semmangudi was famous for the meticulous planning that Semmangudi put into every concert , including the choice of krithis , raagas and duration .
 Semmangudi was also widely acknowledged as a master of improvisation , particularly in the form of niravals .
 Semmangudi concerts will be remembered for many reasons .
 Most importantly Semmangudi choice of songs , speed in rendering swarams and Semmangudi ability to combine choice and speed with bhakti .
 While there may be several other technical terms that can be used to describe the above , that however was the foundation that won Semmangudi ardent fans around the world .
 Semmangudi concert included intelligent jokes which will be remembered for centuries to come .
Some most memorable concerts over the years had geniuses in mirudangam and violin in accompaniment .
Umayalpuram K. Sivaraman , Lalgudi Jayaraman , T. N. Krishnan , Trichy Sankaran , Guruvayur Dorai , Vellore Ramabhadran , and Palghat Mani Iyer : These seven great artists added additional glory to the concerts .
Some very famous concert kritis included Marubalka in Sri Ranjani raga which many Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer fans treasure .
 Semmangudi was well known for Semmangudi uncharacteristically nasal voice in an era when practically every prominent Carnatic singer had an impeccable voice .
 In Semmangudi youth , famous kanjira performer , Dhakshinamurti Pillai commented to Dhakshinamurti Pillai brother and teacher , His voice is as melodious as the noise created when a coconut shell is scraped on a rock .
Dont bother to give him vocal training .
Let him learn to play the violin .
 Despite such criticism , Semmangudi worked hard to improve Semmangudi voice through practice and rigorous training .
 In the end , Semmangudi natural talent for music emerged victorious over Semmangudi deficient voice and Semmangudi became a phenomenon in the Carnatic world .
 Semmangudi singing style has been widely followed , and Semmangudi prominent disciples include Sangeetha Kalanidhis , M. S. Subbulakshmi and Sangeetha Kalanidhis stepdaughter Radha Viswanathan , T. M. Thyagarajan and violinist , Prof. T. N. Krishnan .
 Semmangudi senior disciples include Palai C. K. Ramachandran , Smt .
 Seetha Rajan , Prof. Kumara Kerala Varma , P. S. Narayanaswami , V. Subramaniam , K. R. Kedaranathan , Kadayanallur Venkataraman , V. R. Krishnan , Smt .
 Seethalakshmi Venkatesan , Smt .
 Radha Namboodri , Smt .
Visalakshi Ramachandran .
 T. M. Krishna , a leading vocalist of the present day , has also taken advanced training from T. M. Krishna .
 At a very young age , T. M. Krishna was married to Thayyu ammal .
 Thayyu ammal , T. M. Krishna always acknowledged , was a pivotal factor in the success of T. M. Krishna career .
 The entire family was run with stream line precision by Thayyu ammal , when The entire family had to frequently travel for concerts and also spend most of The entire family time involved in music
Kalasagaram Annual Cultural Festival Of Music , Dance and Drama .
 Kalasagaram Annual Cultural Festival Of Music , Dance and Drama is an annual Carnatic classical music festival held at Keyes High School in Secunderabad , Andhra Pradesh .
 Kalasagaram is known for introducing young talent in Hyderabad .
The festival was held between 27 and 6 December at Keyes Girls High School , Secunderabad at 6.00 p.m. .
 The festival performances of Anantharaman T.M. Krishna , Gayathri Venkataraghavan , Rajani and Gayathri Venkataraghavan , Sikkili Gurucharan , Shashank
Lalgudi Gopala Iyer Jayaraman was a well-known and award-winning Indian Carnatic violinist , vocalist and composer .
 Lalgudi Gopala Iyer Jayaraman disciples included Lalgudi Gopala Iyer Jayaraman two children Lalgudi G. J. R. Krishnan , Lalgudi Vijayalakshmi , renowned Harikatha exponent Vishaka Hari , Saketharaman , the leading Vainika Srikanth Chary and the Academy Award nominated Bombay Jayashri Ramnath .
 Born in the lineage of a disciple of the saint musician Thyagaraja , Sri Lalgudi Jayaraman inherited the essence of Indian Carnatic music from his versatile father , late V R Gopala Iyer , who trained him meticulously .
At the age of 12 , he started his musical career as an accompanying violinist .
 Having an active imagination , quick grasp and an ability to adapt easily to the individual styles of the leading maestros in Indian Carnatic music , while accompanying the leading maestros in Carnatic music in the leading maestros in Carnatic music concerts , Indian Carnatic reached the forefront in rapid strides .
 With the concert experience Indian Carnatic thus gained , coupled with sheer hard work and perseverance and the strong urge to give original expression to Indian Carnatic musical ideas , Indian Carnatic emerged as an accomplished solo violinist .
 Indian Carnatic expanded the style of violin playing by inventing a whole new technique that is designed to best suit the needs of Indian Classical Music and establishing a unique style that came to be known as Lalgudi Bani .
 Indian Carnatic flawless and fascinating style , graceful and original , yet not divorced from traditional roots , gained Indian Carnatic numerous fans .
 This multi-dimensional personality has , to Indian Carnatic credit , composed several kritis , tillanas and varnams and dance compositions , which are a blend of raga , bhava , rhythm and lyrical beauty .
 A notable feature about Lalgudi Gopala Iyer Jayaraman is that Lalgudi Gopala Iyer Jayaraman music is very expressive .
 Lalgudi Gopala Iyer Jayaraman instrumental talent comes to the fore in the form of lyrical excellence .
 Lalgudi Gopala Iyer Jayaraman brought the most-sought-after vocal style into violin , and Lalgudi Gopala Iyer Jayaraman renditions exhibit knowledge of lyrical content of the compositions .
 Lalgudi Gopala Iyer Jayaraman has been in great demand for accompanying vocalists , and has accompanied such great vocal virtuosos as Ariyakudi Ramanuja Iyengar , Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar , Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer , G. N. Balasubramaniam , Madurai Mani Iyer , Voleti Venkateswarulu , Nedunuri Krishnamurthy , K.V.Narayanaswamy , Maharajapuram Santhanam , D. K. Jayaraman , M.Balamuralikrishna , T. V. Sankaranarayanan , T. N. Seshagopalan and flute maestros like N. Ramani , etc. .
 Lalgudi Gopala Iyer Jayaraman accompanying wizardry and quick responses to the various challenges posed by the main artistes remain unsurpassed .
 Lalgudi Gopala Iyer Jayaraman accomplishments are His accomplishments but chief of them is the fact that he was the first to bring international attention to the Indian Carnatic style of violin playing .
 Lalgudi Gopala Iyer Jayaraman also introduced a new concept of musical ensemble with violin , venu and veena in 1966 , and gave several outstanding concerts .
 Lalgudi Gopala Iyer Jayaraman has given concerts extensively in India as well as abroad .
 The Government of India at the Festival of India sent Lalgudi Gopala Iyer Jayaraman to Russia as a member of the Indian Cultural Delegation .
 At the Edinburgh festival in 1965 , Yehudi Menuhin , the renowned violinist , impressed by Lalgudi Gopala Iyer Jayaraman technique , presented Yehudi Menuhin with Yehudi Menuhin Italian violin .
 Yehudi Menuhin has also performed in Singapore , Malaysia , Manila and East European countries .
 Yehudi Menuhin recordings submitted to the International Music Council , Baghdad , Asian Pacific Music Rostrum and Iraq Broadcasting Agency by AIR New Delhi have been adjudged as the best and accorded the first position out of 77 entries received from the various countries during 1979 .
 Yehudi Menuhin was invited to give concerts at Cologne , Belgium and France .
 The Government of India at the Festival of India chose Yehudi Menuhin to represent India at the Festival of India at the Festival of India in USA , London and Yehudi Menuhin gave solo and Jugalbandi concerts in London and also in Germany and Italy that received rave reviews .
Sri Lalgudi went on a tour in the year 1984 to Oman , UAE , Qatar and Bahrain , which was highly successful .
 Lalgudi Gopala Iyer Jayaraman composed the lyrics and music for the operatic ballet Jaya Jaya Devi , which premiered in 1994 at Cleveland , Ohio and was staged in many other cities in the United States .
 In October 1999 , Lalgudi Gopala Iyer Jayaraman performed in the UK under the auspices of Sruthi Laya Sangham .
The concert was a roaring success .
 After the concert , a dance drama Pancheswaram , composed by Lalgudi Gopala Iyer Jayaraman , was staged .
 Lalgudi Gopala Iyer Jayaraman earned several titles , such as Nada Vidya Tilaka by Music Lovers ' Association of Lalgudi in 1963 , Padma Shri by the Government of India in 1972 , Nada Vidya Rathnakara by East West Exchange in New York , Vadya Sangeetha Kalaratna by Bharathi Society , New York ; Sangeetha Choodamani by Federation of Music Sabhas , Madras in 1971 and in 1972 ; State Vidwan of Tamil Nadu by the Government of Tamil Nadu and Sangeetha Natak Academy award in 1979 etc. .
The First Chowdaiah Memorial National-Level award was given to Sri Jayaraman by the Chief Minister of Karnataka .
 Lalgudi Gopala Iyer Jayaraman also received honorary citizenship of Maryland , U.S. in 1994 and the Padma Bhushan by the Government of India at the Festival of India in 2001 .
 Lalgudi Gopala Iyer Jayaraman won the National Film Award for Best Music Direction for the film Sringaram in 2006 .
 In 2010 , Lalgudi Gopala Iyer Jayaraman became a fellow of the Sangeet Natak Akademi .
 Lalgudi Jayaraman was married to Smt Rajalakshmi and had two children : Lalgudi Gopala Iyer Jayaraman son G.J.R.Krishnan and Lalgudi Gopala Iyer Jayaraman daughter Lalgudi Vijayalakshmi .
 Both follow the footsteps of Both father and are famous in Both own right .
 late V R Gopala Iyer had three sisters Padmavathy , a vainika , Rajalakshmi and Srimathi , both violinists , both violinists .
 Srimathi , both violinists learned violin from Srimathi , both violinists as well .
The renowned veena player Jayanthi Kumaresh is Smt Rajalakshmis daughter .
 Lalgudi Gopala Iyer Jayaraman died on April 22 , 2013 after suffering a cardiac arrest in Chennai .
 Lalgudi Gopala Iyer Jayaraman is survived by Lalgudi Gopala Iyer Jayaraman wife , son and daughter .
 Most famous for Lalgudi Gopala Iyer Jayaraman thillanas and varnams , Sri Lalgudi Jayaraman is considered one of the most prolific composers of modern times .
 Lalgudi Gopala Iyer Jayaraman compositions span four languages , as well as a whole range of ragas not conventionally used for varnams or thillanas .
 Characteristic of Lalgudi Gopala Iyer Jayaraman style , the melody of Lalgudi Gopala Iyer Jayaraman compositions camouflages subtle rhythmic intricacies .
 Lalgudi Gopala Iyer Jayaraman compositions are very popular with Bharathanatyam dancers , even as Bharathanatyam dancers have become a standard highlight of every leading Carnatic musician s repertoire
Tallapaka Annamacarya is a Hindu saint of the 15th century and the earliest known Indian musician to compose songs called sankirtanas in praise of Venkateswara , the deity of Seven Hills in Tirumala , India where unbroken worship has been offered for over 12 centuries .
 The musical form of the keertana songs that Tallapaka Annamacarya composed , which are still popular among Carnatic music concert artists , have strongly influenced the structure of Carnatic music compositions .
 Sri Annamacharya is remembered for Sri Annamacharya saintly life , and is honoured as a great Bhakta/devotee of Bhagwaan Govinda by devotees and saintly singers .
 Sri Annamacharya is believed to have been the reincarnation of the precious sword of Vishnu .
 Sri Annamacharya is widely regarded as the Amdhra Pada kavita Pitamaha .
 Sri Annamacharya was born on Vaishakha Shuddha Pournami in the year Sarwadhari in Tallapaka , a village in current day Kadapa district of Andhra Pradesh , Tirumala , India .
 Sri Annamacharya was born into a Nandavarika Niyogi Brahmin family .
 Sri Annamacharya later became a Sri Vaishnavite saint , initiated by Venkatesha .
 Sri Annamacharya wife , Timmakka , had written Subhadra Kalyanam , and is considered the first female poet in Telugu literature .
Their son , Pedda Tirumalacharya , and grandson , Tallapaka Chinnayya , were also composers and poets .
 The Tallapaka compositions are considered to have dominated and influenced the structure of Carnatic music compositions .
 Sri Annamacharya lived for 95 years until Phalguna Bahula Dvadashi in the year Dhundhubhi .
 Sri Annamacharya is said to have composed as many as 36,000 sankeertanas on Bhagwaan Govinda Venkateswara , of which only about 12,000 are available today .
 Sri Annamacharya considered Sri Annamacharya compositions as floral offerings to Bhagwaan Govinda .
 In the poems , Sri Annamacharya praises Venkateswara , describes Sri Annamacharya love for Sri Annamacharya , argues and quarrels with the Lord , confesses the devotees failures and apprehensions , and surrenders Sri Annamacharya to Venkateshwara .
 Sri Annamacharya songs are classified into the Adhyaatma and Sringaara sankeertanas genres .
 Sri Annamacharya songs in the Sringaara genre worship Bhagwaan Venkateswara by describing the amorous and romantic adventures of Venkateswara and Alamel Manga , while others describe the Bhakti of Sri Annamacharya devotees .
 In Sri Annamacharya later keertanas , Sri Annamacharya espouses subjects such as morality , dharma and righteousness .
 Sri Annamacharya was one of the first few who opposed the social stigma towards the untouchable castes in Sri Annamacharya era , with Sri Annamacharya sankeertanas explaining that the relationship between God and human is the same irrespective of the latters color , caste and financial status , in beautiful yet powerful usage of words in God songs Brahmam Okkate Parahbrahmamokkate and e kulajudainanemi evvadainanemi .
 Sri Annamacharya choice of words gives a mellifluous tone to Sri Annamacharya songs , charming the listener .
 Sri Annamacharya prodigious literary career earned Sri Annamacharya a place among the all-time greats of Telugu literature .
 While Sri Annamacharya enjoyed popularity in Sri Annamacharya days , Sri Annamacharya compositions were forgotten for over three centuries for some inexplicable reason .
 Mentioned in 1849 the all-time greats of Telugu literature were later found engraved on copper plates , hidden for centuries inside the Sri Venkateswara temple at Tirumala , just opposite the Hundi , concealed in a very small room .
An English translation of 150 of these verses was published in 2005 .
Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams , also known as TTD , has been endeavouring to preserve the rich heritage of his compositions .
In the year 1950 , The State Government of Andhra Pradesh created a committee and appointed Dr M Balamuralikrishna as its head .
He set music to over 800 compositions of Sri Annamyya and are still popular among the devotees .
He has been the Asthana Gayaka of the Tirumala temple at Tirupati since two decades .
He is regarded as a legend in rendering devotional music in classical style , especially the Annamacharya Sankirtanas .
He is also an acclaimed poet , singer , and a musicologist .
Dr. Shobha Raju is the first recipient of Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams scholarship in 1976 to study and set a trend for the propagation of Annamacharya 's compositions , and was also chosen as the first exclusive artiste for the propagation of Annamacharya 's compositions in 1978 .
 Dr. Shobha Raju first audio album , Venkatesvara Gita Malika is globally popular among Telugu community .
 Dr. Shobha Raju is the founder of Annamacharya Bhavana Vahini in 1983 , which is located in Hyderabad , India .
 Dr. Shobha Raju has been awarded Padmasree by Government of Tirumala , India , in 2010 in recognition of Dr. Shobha Raju efforts to promote Annamayya Compositions .
This is a partial list of some of the more famous Annamacharya compositions
Kalpakam Swaminathan was a vainika of Carnatic music .
 Kalpakam Swaminathan was born in Sethalapathi village in the Tiruvarur district of Tamil Nadu , India .
 Kalpakam Swaminathan mother Abhayambal initiated Her mother Abhayambal into the world of Carnatic music when Her mother Abhayambal was eight years of age .
 Her mother Abhayambal tutelage continued under such as Kallidaikuruchi Ananthakrishna Iyer , TL Venkatarama Iyer , Musiri Subramania Iyer , Budalur Krishnamurthy Shastrigal , Tiger Varadachariar and Mysore Vasudevachar .
 Her mother Abhayambal veena technique followed the Thanjavur baani or style which is characterized by Thanjavur strong commitment to producing musical graces in the manner they would be rendered vocally .
 Her mother Abhayambal had a vast repertoire of Muthuswami Dikshitar s compositions , including those from the Abhayamba , Kamalamba , Neelotpalamba and Tyagaraja vibhakti series , Vara kritis and Panchalinga series .
 Her mother Abhayambal is considered an authority in Her mother Abhayambal renditions of this composers work .
 Her mother Abhayambal also performed together with Gottuvadyam doyen Budalur Krishnamurthy Shastrigal on many occasions .
 Her mother Abhayambal was brought into the teaching profession by Tiger Varadachariar .
 Tiger Varadachariar inducted Her mother Abhayambal into the teaching faculty at Kalakshetra , where Her mother Abhayambal spent many years in the 1940s and 1950s .
 From 1964 Her mother Abhayambal taught at the Tamil Nadu Government Music College .
 Her mother Abhayambal retired as a full professor in 1980 .
 Her mother Abhayambal brought up many students like Smt .
Kamala Ashwathama , Nirmala Rajasekar , Subadra , S. R. Padmavathi , Sujatha , L. Ramakrishnan , V. Hemalatha , Vijayalakshmi Viswanathan .
 Notable awards include the Kalaimamani title from the Government of Tamil Nadu , Sangeet Natak Akademi Award from the President of India , Sangeetha Kala Acharya title of the Madras Music Academy , Sangeetha Seva Nirata awarded by Sree Thyagaraja Vidwat Samajam , Acharya Choodamani from Sri Krishna Gana Sabha in August 2005 and the Veene Sheshanna Award in July 2008
Mysore Govinda Rao Venkata Raghavan is an Indian Carnatic vocalist , playback singer , composer and actor .
 Mysore Govinda Rao Venkata Raghavan was awarded the Rajyotsava Prashasti , Karnatakas highest civilian honour , for Mysore Govinda Rao Venkata Raghavan contribution towards carnatic Music .
M.G. VENKATA RAGHAVAN , son of Sri M.G. Govinda Rao , a retd .
school Teacher , was born in 1956 , in a family of great musicians , composers and astrologers .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=opIQDs4VWmk - Valachi raaga .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M-EStCga5p8 - Amruthavarshini Raaga .
http://www.saibabaofindia.com/sai_baba_darshan_1.htm - Vocal recital of Keertanas by Sri.M.G.Venkataraghavan from Bangalore who sang for about 45 minutes .
http://www.buzzintown.com/bangalore/event--classical-music-m-g-venkataraghavan/id--189568.html - Classical music by M.G.Venkataraghavan .
http://www.shopmania.in/music/p-mysore-vasudevacharya-kritis-by-mg-venkataraghavan-carnatic-cd-4618309 - Mysore Vasudevacharya Kritis by MG Venkataraghavan CD .
http://www.carnaticdarbar.com/personality/2008/personality-venkataraghavan.asp - RAJYOTSAVA AWARD OF THE KARNATAKA STATE .
* Mr. Venkata Raghavan has received `` Senior Fellowship '' from Govt of India .
 * Govt of KARNATAKA has honoured M.G. VENKATA RAGHAVAN by instating M.G. VENKATA RAGHAVAN as `` Guru '' for Carnatic Music , under the Guru - Shishya Parampara .
* Guest Lecture : Bangalore University since 8 years .
Mr. Venkata Raghavan has produced several documentaries , related to music & culture like .
 * Mr. Venkata Raghavan has produced , directed sung and acted in M.G. VENKATA RAGHAVAN music enthralling serial `` ANTHAHPURAGEETHEGALU '' .
* As a music director , he has acquired immense fame and success by his brilliant fascinating music to several musical ballets like Abhignana Shakuntala of Kalidasa , Annthapura Geethegalu , Geetha Shankuntala of DVG , Manavathavadi Basavanna etc. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Carnatic_singers - List of Carnatic singers - Wikipedia , the free encyclopedia
 Radha Burnier was born in the T.S. Adyar , India -RRB- .
 Radha Burnier was president of the Theosophical Society Adyar from 1980 until Radha Burnier death in 2013 .
 Radha Burnier was General Secretary of the Indian Section of the Society between 1960 and 1978 .
 Radha Burnier is the daughter of Nilakanta Sri Ram who was the fifth President of the T.S. Adyar as well .
 Radha Burnier was educated in Theosophical Schools and was a student in Rukmini Devi Arundale s school of classical Indian dance .
 Later on Radha Burnier went to the Benares Hindu University from which Radha Burnier obtained a B.A. with distinction and a M.A. on Sanskrit , standing first in that University .
 Radha Burnier played a pivotal role in Jean Renoir s film The River .
 Radha Burnier joined the Theosophical Society in 1935 and was president of youth and adult Lodges for several years .
 Radha Burnier was President of the Madras Theosophical Federation and librarian and worker at the Indian Section Headquarters of the TS .
 Radha Burnier has been a member of the General Council of the TS since 1960 , and has been in the General Council of the TS Executive Committee , Finance Committee and Theosophical Publishing House Council for many years .
 Radha Burnier has lectured extensively around the world on a regular basis since 1960 and has been guest speaker at many conventions , congresses and summer schools .
 Radha Burnier presided over three World Congresses of the Theosophical Society : 1982 in Nairobi , Kenya ; 1993 in Brasilia , Brazil , and 2001 in Sydney , Australia .
 In July 1990 Radha Burnier conducted two well-attended seminars on Human Regeneration at the International Theosophical Centre in Naarden , The Netherlands , which included participants from many countries .
 In one of the sessions , speaking on Regeneration and the Objects of the T.S. , the T.S. said : Universal brotherhood , the realization of a mind in which there is no prejudice whatsoever , no barrier against anything , is regeneration , because such a consciousness is totally different from the ordinary consciousness .
 the T.S. is the author of numerous articles in The Theosophist , of which the T.S. has been the editor since 1980 , and other Theosophical journals .
 the T.S. supervised and directed the work of the Adyar Library and Research Centre since 1954 and is the editor of the Librarys research journals and publications .
 the T.S. also translated Sanskrit works for publication .
 Radha Burnier was the Head of the Krotona Institute of Theosophy in Ojai , California ; The Manor Centre in Sydney and President of the International Theosophical Centre in Naarden , Holland .
 Radha Burnier was president of the Olcott Education Society , The Theosophical Order of Service , the Besant Education Fellowship and founder of The New Life for India Movement , which promotes right citizenship , right values and right means among Indians .
 Radha Burnier was a former member of Le Droit Humain and the Head of the Eastern Order of International Co-Freemasonry .
 Radha Burnier was also a close associate of Jiddu Krishnamurti and was a Trustee of the Krishnamurti Foundation India .
 On 4 November 1980 , at Radha Burnier invitation , Jiddu Krishnamurti visited the T.S. Adyar after an absence of 47 years .
 Jiddu Krishnamurti walked with Radha Burnier and a number of residents from the main gate of the compound to the sea-shore and visited the beach where Jiddu Krishnamurti was discovered , in 1909 , by C. W. Leadbeater .
 Two years later , in December 1982 , during the Adyar Centenary Convention of the TS , Krishnamurti planted a Bodhi tree at the T.S. Adyar .
 Bodhi died at Bodhi home at the T.S. Adyar on 31st October 2013 , at 9.00 pm , following a heart attack .
 Bodhi was cremated at the Besant Nagar Crematorium , Chennai , and Bodhi ashes were placed in the Garden of Remembrance at the TS international Headquarters at the T.S. Adyar , on the spot also occupied by Bodhi fathers ashes .
 Radha Burnier was married to Raymond Burnier , a Swiss photographer , who came to the Krishnamurti Foundation India in 1932 .
 Radha Burnier died in 2013 , at age 90 , in Chennai after a prolonged illness
Shanmukhapriya is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Shanmukhapriya is the 56th melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Shanmukhapriya is called Chamaram in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
It is said to be borrowed into Hindustani music from Carnatic music .
A lot of compositions on Lord Murugan and Lord Shiva are based on this raaga .
 the 2nd ragam in the 10th chakra Disi is the 2nd ragam in the 10th chakra Disi .
The mnemonic name is Disi-Sri .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ri gi mi pa dha ni .
 The mnemonic phrase structure is as follows : .
This scale uses the swaras chatushruti rishabham , sadharana gandharam , prati madhyamam , shuddha dhaivatam and kaisiki nishadam .
 As Shanmukhapriya is a melakarta ragam , by definition Shanmukhapriya is a sampoorna ragam .
 Shanmukhapriya is the prati madhyamam equivalent of Natabhairavi , which is the 20th melakarta scale .
 Shanmukhapriya has a few minor janya ragams associated with Shanmukhapriya .
See List of janya ragams for scales associated with Shanmukhapriya .
 Here are a few common compositions sung in concerts , set to Shanmukhapriya .
The compositions of Muthuswami Dikshitar , namely , Siddhi Vinayakam , Mahasuram Ketumaham , sadashraye and Ekamreshanayakim have their schools ragam name Chamaram mudra in them .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Shanmukhapriyas notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 3 other major melakarta ragams , namely , Shoolini , Dhenuka and Chitrambari .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Shanmukhapriya
The Kasim-Babu Brothers are the grandsons and disciples of the Nadhaswaram Maestro Dr. Sheik Chinna Moulana .
Today , Kasim-Babu are the front ranking Nadhaswaram artists and torch bearers of Chinna Moulana 's tradition .
 a `` Top Grade Artist '' and Babu are noted for both the raga alapana and kriti rendering , especially Dhikhshithar kritis .
The brothers are from Karavadi Village , Prakasam District , Andhra Pradesh .
 The Kasim-Babu Brothers are part of a large family of musicians who have preserved and fostered the art of Nadhaswaram playing for 300 years .
 Being The Kasim-Babu Brothers , The Kasim-Babu Brothers were trained together at a very young age , The Kasim-Babu Brothers preceptor being The Kasim-Babu Brothers own maternal grandfather , Dr. Sheik Chinna Moulana .
 The brothers have accompanied Dr. Sheik Chinna Moulana for many years during Dr. Sheik Chinna Moulana for many years concerts throughout India and elsewhere .
 a `` Top Grade Artist '' , in addition to a `` Top Grade Artist '' skills in Nadhaswaram , also qualified a `` Top Grade Artist '' academically ; a `` Top Grade Artist '' is a graduate of the prestigious St. Joseph 's College in Tiruchirappalli , obtaining a `` Top Grade Artist '' B.Sc .
in Physics in 1982 .
 Kasim-Babu have been presenting duet Nadhaswaram concerts for the past 20 years .
 a `` Top Grade Artist '' is a `` Top Grade Artist '' while Babu is `` A Grade '' artist of All India Radio and Doordharshan .
 Kasim-Babu have visited Sri Lanka , Hong Kong , Russia , Germany , France , U.A.E , Finland , Malaysia , United States , and Canada and earned accolade in their concerts .
 The brothers undertook a three month concert tour of United States and Canada from April until June 2006 .
 The initial tour resulted in requests for The Kasim-Babu Brothers performances in the subsequent years , and The Kasim-Babu Brothers have become regular performers there .
 The brothers have accompanied The Kasim-Babu Brothers grandfather Dr. Sheik Chinna Moulana on several Audio - cassettes and CDs .
 The Kasim-Babu Brothers have also released The Kasim-Babu Brothers own duet audio Cassettes and CDs .
The brothers are running the School `` Saradha Nadhaswara Sangeetha Ashram '' founded by Dr. Sheik Chinna Moulana , with the main objective of imparting Nadhaswaram training to younger generation .
 Kasim-Babu have established a trust in memory of The Kasim-Babu Brothers Guru and grandfather Dr. Sheik Chinna Moulana , the `` Dr. Chinna Moulana Memorial Trust '' .
The prime objective of the trust is to globalize the importance of Nadhaswaram Music .
 The Trust is rendering a noble service by presenting Nadhaswaram instruments to deserving students and also purses to senior indigent artists of the Nadhaswaram fraternity
Musiri Subramania Iyer was a Carnatic vocalist whos stage performing career spanned the 1920s to the 1940s .
 After retirement from the stage , he remained an iconic figure in Carnatic music as a dedicated teacher and leader in the Carnatic community .
 His bhava - laden renditions of Carnatic songs have become the measuring stick for generations of Carnatic vocalists .
 Musiri Subramania Iyer is one of the giants of Carnatic music in this century .
 the name Musiri , as he was universally known , was born in Bommalapalayam in the Trichy district of Tamil Nadu .
His father , Sankara Sastry was a Sanskrit pandit .
 One of three siblings , Sankara Sastry lost Sankara Sastry mother , Seethalakshmi , as a boy and Sankara Sastry sister Rajathi passed when she was but a child .
 Sankara Sastry family was poor -- in later life Musiri seldom spoke about those early years .
 His family married Nagalakshmi when His family was 14 years old .
 the name Musiri learned to fluently speak , read and write in English when His family was 17 .
 Inspired by the singing of a popular acting star of those days , S. G. Kittappa , S. G. Kittappa decided to become a musician .
 Like S. G. Kittappa , the name Musiri had a strong vocal range in the higher octaves , and could imitate the formers hit Carnatic songs with ease .
 the Honorary Secretary initial training in music was under S. Narayanaswamy Iyer for two years , before moving to Chennai for more serious studies with violinist Karur Chinnaswami Iyer .
 Due to a lack of time to devote to teaching , violinist Karur Chinnaswami Iyer sent violinist Karur Chinnaswami Iyer to become the disciple of renowned vocal teacher T.S. Sabhesa Iyer who lived in Purasawalkam .
 the name Musiri trained with violinist Karur Chinnaswami Iyer for 9 years in the guru shishya parampara , learning violinist Karur Chinnaswami Iyer gurus particular way of performing neraval that the name Musiri would later become famous for .
 violinist Karur Chinnaswami Iyer made violinist Karur Chinnaswami Iyer debut in Chennai for more serious studies in 1920 .
 violinist Karur Chinnaswami Iyer name was announced as Subramania Iyer of the name Musiri and the name stuck .
 Given that the name Musiri was not born in the name Musiri , accounts differ as to why the name Musiri was added to violinist Karur Chinnaswami Iyer name .
 Musiri once stated that the name Musiri was simply because the name Musiri was a more well known location than Musiris home town of Bommalapalayam , and easier to say as a prefix .
 Whatever the case , the name Musiri was a prolific and expert performer , and within 10 years violinist Karur Chinnaswami Iyer reputation as a master musician across India was sealed .
 In violinist Karur Chinnaswami Iyer career , the popularity of the name Musiri and violinist Karur Chinnaswami Iyer name reached every corner of India .
 violinist Karur Chinnaswami Iyer 78 rpm gramophone records were successful to the point that the audience would sometimes demand violinist Karur Chinnaswami Iyer sing Carnatic songs in the exact way as heard on the record .
 Beginning with the krithi Nagumomu , everything the name Musiri recorded were best sellers .
 Nagumomu was a song that , previous to the name Musiri , was only sung in the Abheri raga , as Indias Trinity composer Tyagaraja is thought to have composed the name Musiri in Abheri .
 However , the name Musiri felt that the song sounded more emotional in the Karnataka Devagandhari raga , and Nagumomu sang and recorded Nagumomu with Karnataka Devagandhari .
Carnatic music is an exacting music that places large importance on tradition .
 Therefore , the Honorary Secretary rendition of the song in a different raga than it was originally written caused outrage in many Carnatic musical purists .
 But the name Musiri stuck to the Honorary Secretary decision .
 Given that the name Musiri was a devotee of composer Tyagaraja , taking liberty with Tyagarajas song was out of freedom of spontaneous expression and not out of irreverence .
As a point of fact , Nogumomu sounded so suited to Karnataka Devagandhari raga that everyone began to perform it in the Musiri way , artists such as Bangalore Nagarathnammal , M. S. Subbulakshmi , and Bhanumathi Ramakrishna .
Other songs that became popular and became recognizable through Musuris signature touch were Enta vetukondu in Saraswathi Manohari raga , Enthu daginado in todi raga , Tiruvadi caranam in Kambhoji , Enraikki shiva kripai in Mukhari , and Vritta shenjadai ada , a raga mala .
 the name Musiri acted in the role of Sant Tukaram in the eponymous film .
 Though the film is out of print , the Honorary Secretary songs in the film have stood the test of time .
 the name Musiri did not like acting in the film , citing that acting with women , make up and bright lights made the Honorary Secretary uncomfortable .
 the Honorary Secretary guru also warned the Honorary Secretary against acting in the film , knowing that the Honorary Secretary had struggled with lung illness in the past , and the damp climate in Coimbatore might affect the Honorary Secretary health .
 For financial reasons , the Honorary Secretary accepted the acting part .
 The exertions the Honorary Secretary underwent during the making of the film is thought to have resulted in lifelong lung trouble for the Honorary Secretary , forcing the Honorary Secretary early retirement from live performance in 1945 at 46 years of age .
 Though retired from the concert circuit , the Honorary Secretary was active in many Carnatic music affairs throughout India .
 the Honorary Secretary was appointed as the first principal of the Central College of Carnatic Music , Chennai in 1949 .
 During the Honorary Secretary tenure , the Honorary Secretary influenced a whole generation of musicians , retiring in 1965 .
 the Honorary Secretary was also the Honorary Secretary and Treasurer of Sri Tyagaraja Brahma Mahotsava Sabha , and was responsible for organizing the annual aradhana of Tyagarajas passing , at the Honorary Secretary samadhi in Thiruvaiyaru .
 The annual celebration of Tyagarajas music is the largest musical gathering in India , and continues to this day .
 the Honorary Secretary is also credited for the Honorary Secretary key role in the unification of various factions associated with the Aradhana .
 Renowned for the Honorary Secretary high pitched voice and tonal purity , the Honorary Secretary was considered a great exponent of bhava , bringing out the full emotional content of each krithi that the Honorary Secretary sang .
 the Honorary Secretary patanthara of several krithis has his special stamp , which can be easily recognized when they are rendered by his disciples .
He was a specialist in neraval singing and also vilamba sangitham , a slower tempo song designed to exude tranquility and bring out the full emotional content of the ragas and krithis that he rendered .
 Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer , who was a contemporary of the Honorary Secretary , said the Honorary Secretary brought gauravam to our profession .
 Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer also heralded the Honorary Secretary dedication to bhava by saying Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer used to be so lost in bhava that Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer never thought of evoking any response .
In the All India Radio archives catalog , this introduction was written : Vocalist of mesmerizing melodies Musiri Subramania Iyer , was the repository of pathos , piety and poignancy .
He was more at home in the pristine heights of upper octave than at any other .
The enlightened and the lay had always rushed to the concert hall to hear the soulful melody of Musiri Subramania Iyer which had become the subject to talk in innumerable households .
 The enlightened audience got soaked in emotions and feelings that were at once human and divine .
 the Honorary Secretary was not only a respected musician but also a sought-after teacher .
 the Honorary Secretary special contribution is the number of disciples the Honorary Secretary trained in the Honorary Secretary own home , all of whom have attained distinction in The enlightened and the lay own right .
 In fact the Honorary Secretary shishya parampara is so well recognized , his style of rendering krithis has come to be known as the Musiri School .
Well known disciples include Musuri M.R.Gopala Rathnam , T. K. Govinda Rao , Bombay Sisters C. Saroja & C. Lalitha , Mani Krishnaswamy , K. S. Venkataraman , Suguna Purushothaman and Suguna Varadachari .
The Musiri Bani is carried out to the next generation by these great Vidwans and Vidushis .
 Some of the students under Musiri Bani are Vocalists Kum K. Gayatri , Vocalists Kum K. Gayatri , Kum .
Vidya Kalyanaraman , Sri .
Prasanna Venkatraman , Veen arist Si .
HariRa Miyer and others .
Before the Sangeetha Kalanidhi award existed , the highest honor possible in 1939 was to be invited as the President of the Annual Conference by the Madras Music Academy .
 the Honorary Secretary was invited to be President of the Annual Conference that year , and was awarded the Sangeetha Kalanidhi by the Music Academy of Chennai for more serious studies as soon as the award came into being in 1942 .
 the Honorary Secretary was on ; y 39 when the Honorary Secretary received it , a record that was bested by Semmangudi who received the award at the age of 38 in 1947 .
 In 1963 the Honorary Secretary was awarded the Isai Perarignar from the Tamizh Isai Sangam .
 The Indian Fine Arts gave the Honorary Secretary the Sangita Kala Shikhamani in 1966 .
 In 1967 , the Honorary Secretary was made a Fellow of the Sangit Natak Academy .
 The President honored The President with the Padma Bhushan in 1971 .
 Roads have been named after The President in Tamil Nadu , and national postage stamps have been issued bearing The President portrait in 1999
Tiger Varadachariar was a famous Carnatic music vocalist who hailed from the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
 M. D. Ramanathan was M. D. Ramanathan student .
Tiger Varadachariar hailed from a musical family of unique distinction .
 Tiger Varadachariar father Ramanujachariar was a musical discourser , brother K.V. Srinivasa Ayyangar was a renowned musicologist while another brother K.V.Krishnamachariar was a veena player .
 In fact , Tiger Varadachariar used to say that Tiger Varadachariar learnt much from the singing of Tiger Varadachariar sister .
 Tiger Varadachariar was born on August 1 , 1876 at Kolathur .
Varadachariars receptive ears and musical instincts drew inspiration and knowledge from street dramas , bhajans and even from occasional contacts such as with Fiddle Ramachandrayyar .
 Fiddle Ramachandrayyar was big , burly and unprepossessing .
This exterior housed a genial and lovable man , a brilliant musicologist , a musical artiste and an acknowledged teacher of renown .
Music was not then prosperous from the economic view-point and the father wanted to keep his sons - all mad with music - away from it .
But the inevitable happened .
 Photo Masilamani and Pedda Singaracharyulu encouraged Varadachariar in Masilamani musical pursuits and Patnam Subramania Ayyar was with the venerable Patnam Subramania Ayyar for three years from the age of fourteen .
Constraints of family forced young Varadachariar to enter the Survey Department at Calicut on Rupees twelve per mensem .
Survey of lands did not deter the youths pursuit for excellence and survey of music .
 When Patnam Subramania Ayyar was at Mysore , Patnam Subramania Ayyar attracted the attention of Krishnaraja Wodeyar , who honoured Patnam Subramania Ayyar with the title of Tiger Varadachariar and presented Patnam Subramania Ayyar with a thoda .
 It was unique that in spite of a gruff voice , the Tiger strode like a colossus for decades and extracted respect and honour with Tiger Varadachariar superlative knowledge and universally accepted teaching acumen .
As a musician , his voice lacked melody , ring and delicacy .
But one can see in him a treasure house of varied musical gems of rare brilliance .
His flights of imagination were unlimited .
His deep singing produced massive effect on the audience .
 Brikas , gamakas and graces would bristle out defying Brikas unresponsive voice .
 Brikas was a good composer of varnams , gitam , kritis , etc. .
 Eediname Sudinamu was composed by Eediname Sudinamu when C.Rajagopalachariar visited Kalkshetra in 1948 as Governor General .
Nidu Charanamule under the signature of Tyagaraja is actually a composition of the Three musketeers of Kaladipet , the Tiger Brothers .
 Patnam Subramania Ayyar was awarded the Sangeetha Kalanidhi by Madras Music Academy in the year 1932
Uppalapu Shrinivas , is an Indian mandolin player of the Carnatic musical tradition of Southern India .
 Uppalapu Shrinivas plays an electric mandolin and has collaborated with John McLaughlin , Michael Nyman , and Michael Brook .
 Uppalapu Shrinivas was awarded the Padma Shri in 1998 and the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 2010 .
 Uppalapu Shrinivas was born February 28 , 1969 , in Palakol in Andhra Pradesh .
 At the age of six Uppalapu Shrinivas picked up Uppalapu Shrinivas father Satyanarayanas mandolin .
 Upon realising the talent of Uppalapu Shrinivas son , his father started teaching him .
 Soon , Satyanarayanas guru , Rudraraju Subbaraju , realized the potential of U. Shrinivas and started teaching Satyanarayanas guru .
 Since Rudraraju Subbaraju did not know how to play the mandolin Rudraraju Subbaraju would just sing and U. Shrinivas would play Mandolin on the mandolin .
 Rudraraju Subbaraju brother U. Rajesh is also an accomplished mandolin player .
 U. Shrinivas made Uppalapu Shrinivas first public Carnatic concert performance in 1978 in Gudivada , Andhra Pradesh , during the Thyagaraja Aradhana festival .
 Soon , Uppalapu Shrinivas came to perform in the Madras Music Season in 1981 for the Indian Fine Arts Society .
 In 1983 , Uppalapu Shrinivas performed at the JazzFest Berlin where the audience requested Uppalapu Shrinivas to do a repeat performance .
 Uppalapu Shrinivas continued touring the world -- Australia , Southeast Asia and then Southwest Asia , followed by the United States and Canada .
U. Shrinivas runs a music school called the Shrinivas Institute of World Music .
Some of the awards that Mandolin U. Srinivas has received : .
 Uppalapu Shrinivas has performed with Western artists such as John McLaughlin , Michael Brook , Trey Gunn , Nigel Kennedy , Nana Vasconcelos , and Michael Nyman , as well as with Hindustani music artists such as Hariprasad Chaurasia and Zakir Hussain .
 Uppalapu Shrinivas has recorded a CD of Carnatic compositions by Ilaiyaraaja called Ilaiyaraajas Classics in Mandolin .
Recently , U Shrinivas also released .
 Samjanitha featuring Debashish Bhattacharya , John McLaughlin , Zakir Hussain , Sivamani , Vikku Vinaykram , Dominique Piazza George Brook , U His brother U. Rajesh , Anil Srinivasan and others
The following is a list of prominent Carnatic musicians .
The 1930s to the 1960s are considered the Golden era of Indian .
D. K. Pattammal , M. L. Vasanthakumari and M. S. Subbulakshmi , commonly referred to as the female trinity of Carnatic music , rose to fame during this era .
Other female singers that followed included N. C. Vasanthakokilam , T.Brinda , T.Mukta , as well as Radha and Jayalakshmi .
The leading male vocalists during this era were Muthiah Bhagavathar , Mysore Vasudevachar , Kanchipuram Nayana Pillai , Kanchipuram N.S.Krishnaswamy Iyengar , Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavathar , Ariyakudi Ramanuja Iyengar , Musiri Subramania Iyer , Maharajapuram Viswanatha Iyer , Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer , Alathur Brothers , G. N. Balasubramaniam , and Madurai Mani Iyer .
The other popular prominent performers during this era were Alathur Venkatesa Iyer , Ramnad Krishnan , M. D. Ramanathan , S.Ramanathan , Mysore V. Ramarathnam , K. V. Narayanaswamy , Sirkazhi Govindarajan , Maharajapuram Santhanam , Tanjore S. Kalyanaraman , D. K. Jayaraman , T. K. Rangachari , Vairamangalam Lakshminarayanan , Madurai Somu , Mavelikkara Prabhakara Varma , Neyyattinkara Vasudevan among others .
Some of the most famous and accomplished senior vocalists today include Dr M Balamuralikrishna , T. N. Seshagopalan , R. Vedavalli , T. V. Sankaranarayanan , Neyveli Santhanagopalan , R K Srikanthan , K. J. Yesudas , S.R.Janakiraman , Nedanuri Krishnamoorthy , T R Subramaniam , Nookala Chinna Satyanarayana , Bombay Sisters , O. S. Thyagarajan , P. S. Narayanaswamy , Prince Rama Varma , Manda Sudharani , M. S. Sheela , R.K. Srikantan R.K. Srikantan , R. K. Padmanabhan , Raji Gopalakrishnan , Suguna Purushothaman , Suguna Varadachari , Parassala B Ponnammal , Vijay Siva , Dr.Hamsini Nagendra , Ammanamanchi BalaramaSastry and others .
Leading current vocalists include Sudha Ragunathan , Nithyashree Mahadevan , Sanjay Subrahmanyan , Bombay Jayashri Ramnath , P. Unnikrishnan , Aruna Sairam , O. S. Arun , Vishaka Hari , Saketharaman , Priya Sisters , Ranjani-Gayatri , T. M. Krishna , R. Suryaprakash , K. V. Krishna Prasad , S. Sowmya , Sikkil Gurucharan , Malladi Brothers , Dr. S.K. Venkatacharyulu , Sriram & Anuradha Parashuram , Abhishek Raghuram , Rama Ravi , and others .
 Other popular current vocalists include Carnatica Brothers , Charulatha Mani , Vani Sateesh , Gayathri Venkataraghavan , Nisha Rajagopal , Gayathri Girish , Neeraja Chandrasekaran , V. Shankaranarayanan , Akshay Padmanabhan , Savitha Narasimhan , Dr S.J.Arjun Ganesh , Shankari Krishnan , Vijayalakshmi Subramaniam , Mambalam Sisters , Master Balamuralikrishna , Sreevalsan J Menon , Amritha Murali , Bharathi Ramasubban , Aishwarya Shrinivasan S R Mytreyi , Vidya Kalyanaraman , Bharat Sundar , Ramakrishnan Murthy , Sriranjani Santhanagopalan , Sruthi Ravali , R.Raghavendra , Vishnu Dev Namboodhri , V R Dileep Kumar and others .
T. Chowdiah , Kunnakudi Vaidyanathan , Dwaram Venkataswamy Naidu , Lalgudi G. Jayaraman among others , excelled in violin , while Palghat Mani Iyer , Palani Subramaniam Pillai , C.S. Murugabhupathy , Palghat R. Raghu and Mavelikkara Velukkutty Nair redefined the role of mridangam in concerts in the recent past .
 Sharaba Shastry , Palladam Sanjeeva Rao , T. R. Mahalingam , Prof. Prapancham Sitaram , T. Viswanathan and O. S. Thyagarajan were famous flute players .
Some of the well known veena players include Veena Dhanammal , Karaikkudi Brothers , Doraiswamy Iyengar , Emani Sankara Sastry , Veena Chitti Babu , S. Balachander and K. S. Narayanaswamy .
L. Subramaniam , L. Shankar , T.N.Krishnan , M.S.Gopalakrishnan , Nagai Muralidharan and A. Kanyakumari are among the living violinists who still perform .
The mridhangists who fall under this category include Karaikudi R Mani , Umayalpuram K. Sivaraman , T. K. Murthy , Guruvayur Dorai , Mannargudi Easwaran , T. V. Gopalakrishnan , Srimushnam V. Raja Rao , I. Sivakumar and J. Vaidhyanathan .
T. H. Vinayakram , T.H. Subash Chandran and N. Govindarajan are Ghatam players who are in this category .
 N. Ramani , , K S K S Gopalakrishnan , K. Bhaskaran , K. Bhaskaran , Sikkil Sisters , Shashank Subramanyam , are the most well known flute players of today , while E. Gayathri , S. Balachander , Kalpakam Swaminathan , and Rugmini Gopalakrishnan are known in the same way for playing the Veena .
 Kadri Gopalnath is similarly known for Kadri Gopalnath Carnatic talents on the saxophone , U. Srinivas for Mandolin , while N. Ravikiran is known in the same way for playing several stringed instruments , most notably the Chitraveena/Gottuvadhyam .
 Violinists of today include Lalgudi G.J.R. Krishnan , Mysore Manjunath , Mysore Nagaraj , Lalgudi Vijayalakshmi , Nagai Muralidharan , S.J.Arjun Ganesh and Jayanthi Kumaresh , Vittal Ramamurthy , R K Shriramkumar , Nagai Sriram , L.Athira T. M. Krishna , V.L.KUMAR , Pakala Ramadas , T.K.V. Ramanujacharyulu , M. Lalitha and M. Nandini , Balu Raguraman , Radha Narayanan , Meera Sivaramakrishnan , Usha Rajagopalan , Mysore HN Bhaskar , Embar S. Kannan , V. Sanjeev , Vittal Ramamurthy , A. Kanyakumari , Edappilly Ajith Kumar and Padma Shankar .
Mridangists of today include Arjun Kumar , Thanjavur K. Murugaboopathi , Thiruvarur Vaidyanathan , S.J.Arjun Ganesh , Arun Prakash , Patri Satishkumar Papanasam R. Kumar , Trichur Narendran , Anand Subramaninan , Neyveli Narayanan , Thiruvarur Bhaktavatsalam , Changanassery Harikumar , R Vydianathan , Erickavu N. Sunil , Nanchil A R Arul , Trivandrum V Surendran .
Ghatam specialists include Vikku Vinayakram , V Suresh , Sukanya Ramgopal , Dr. S Karthik , Uduppi Sridhar , Giridhar Udupa , and Thripunithura Radhakrishnan .
Khanjira specialists include N. Amrit N , V. Selvaganesh , B. Shree Sundar Kumar , N. Ganeshkumar , K. S. Rangachari , K. V. R. S. Mani , C. P. Vyasa Vittala , C. S. Venkatramanan , Abhishek Raghuram , Alathur T. Rajaganesh , B. S. Purushotham , Guru Raghavendra , Latha Ramachar , Nerkunam S. Sankar , Neyveli B. Venkatesh , Papanasam S. Sethuraman , Thenkasi H. Paramasivam , Thiruvayur Saikrishnan , Thrikakkara Y. N. Shantharam , Tirupur G. Sridhar Kumar , Trichy V. V. S. Manian .
Flute players of today include Dr. N. Ramani , Prof.Dr .
Prapancham Sita Ram Mala Chandhrashekhar , Shashank Subramaniam , K. Bhaskaran , Kudamaloor Janardanan , and K. S. Gopalakrishnan .
Veena players of today include D. Balakrishna , Jayanthi Kumaresh , Nirmala Rajasekar , E. Gayathri , Srivani Yalla , -LSB- -RSB- & Rajhesh Vaidhya , Tharakeshwari .
 U U. Srinivas for Mandolin , U. Srinivas for Mandolin brother U Rajesh , U P Raju and U. Srinivas for Mandolin wife Nagamani and Master SM Subhani are notable musicians who play the mandolin
Sakha Rama Rao is an Indian musician credited with having re-introduced the south Indian chitravina to the concert scene .
 However , it was Sakha Rama Rao father , Srinivasa Rao , who made the pioneering effort towards the reincarnation of the chitravina in modern times .
 Srinivasa Rao was an ardent music lover and an amateur artiste himself .
 Srinivasa Rao started experimenting with a slide on the tanpura .
Sakha Rama Rao was drawn to this instrument since childhood .
 Sakha Rama Rao was able to perceive its tremendous potential to produce high-class music .
 Sakha Rama Rao re-designed this instrument as a fretless veena with its usual set of seven strings - four strings on the top and three in the side for drone and rhythm .
 Sakha Rama Rao put in arduous practice on this instrument and gave occasional performances .
 Since Sakha Rama Rao was not aware of the history of the instrument , Sakha Rama Rao gave it a new name - gotuvadyam .
 This is This , Sakha Rama Rao used to casually refer to the slide as gotu .
Vadyam , in Sanskrit and many other Indian languages , means instrument .
Thus , gotuvadyam was a literal name for an instrument played with a slide .
Several decades later , Ravikiran , along with a few other scholars , studied about the origins of the instrument and eventually restored the more traditional name , chitravina .
Sakha Rama Rao was a musicians musician and trained many great artists like Gotuvadyam Narayana Iyengar and Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer .
Soon there were several others who started performing on the chitravina
Asaveri is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is a janya ragam from the 8th melakarta scale Hanumatodi .
 Carnatic is a janya scale , as Carnatic does not have all the seven swaras in the ascending scale , and has a vakra descending scale .
 Asaveri is an ancient ragam , which is mentioned in the Sangita Ratnakara .
 Asaveri resembles Komal Asavari and Asa Todi of Hindustani classical music .
The Asavari of Hindustani music resembles Natabhairavi of Carnatic music .
 Asaveri is an asymmetric ragam that does not contain gandharam and nishadam in the ascending scale .
It is an audava-vakra-sampurna ragam .
Its arohana-avarohana structure is as follows : .
The notes used in this scale are shadjam , shuddha rishabham , shuddha madhyamam , panchamam and shuddha dhaivatam in ascending scale , with kaisiki nishadham and sadharana gandharam included in descending scale .
 For the details of the notations and terms , see swaras in Carnatic music .
There are many compositions set to Saveri ragam .
Here are some popular kritis composed in this ragam
K. S. Narayanaswamy , was a Carnatic veena exponent of the Thanjavur style , in which nuances and subtleties are given more importance over rhythm based acrobatics .
 K. S. Narayanaswamy was born on the 27 September 1914 to Narayaniammal and Koduvayur Sivarama Iyer at Koduvayur in Palghat district in Kerala .
 K. S. Narayanaswamy underwent initial training in Carnatic music under K.S. Krishna Iyer , K. S. Narayanaswamy brother , between K. S. Narayanaswamy seventh and fourteenth years .
 Later , K. S. Narayanaswamy joined the Music College at Annamalai University in Chidambaram where K. S. Narayanaswamy learnt vocal music under stalwarts like Sangeetha Kalanidhi , T S Sabesa Iyer and Sangeetha Kalanidhi Tanjore Ponniah Pillai , descendent of the famous Tanjore Quartet .
 K. S. Narayanaswamy also learnt the veena under Desamangalam Subramania Iyer and the mridangam under Tanjore Ponniah Pillai .
From 1937-1946 , he served as the lecturer at the Annamalai University , his alma mater , and assisted in publishing the Tamil kriti s of Gopalakrishna Bharathi , Neelakanta Sivan and Arunachala Kavi .
Upon the invitation of His Highness , the Maharaja of Travancore , he took up lectureship in veena at the Swathi Thirunal College of Music at Thiruvananthapuram , Kerala .
 During his tenure at the the Madras Music Academy , he was instrumental , along with Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer , then principal of the Academy , in editing and publishing the kritis of Swathi Thirunal Rama Varma .
He participated in several international conferences and was a member of the Music and Cultural Delegations to the erstwhile USSR and East European countries in 1954 .
In 1970 , he was invited by Yehudi Menuhin to attend the Bath International Music Festival and perform at London , Bristol , Oxford , Cambridge , and Birmingham .
 Later , he succeeded Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer as the principal of the the Madras Music Academy and retired in 1970 .
In 1970 , he came to Mumbai , as the principal of the Sangeetha Vidyalaya of Shanmukhananda Fine Arts and Sangeetha Sabha and taught both vocal music and veena till 1985 .
 In 1974 , he took part as the teacher of Carnatic music and veena at the Eleventh Conference of International Society of Music Education at Perth , Australia .
He also participated in the Indian Music and Dance Festival of the International Institute for Comparative Music Studies and Documentation at Berlin in 1977 .
He was a recipient of many awards including the State Award of Kerala in 1962 and that of Tamil Nadu in 1968 ; the National Award of Central Sangeet Natak Akademi in 1968 ; the Padma Bhushan from the Government of India in 1977 ; Sangeetha Kalanidhi from the Madras Music Academy , Chennai in 1979 and the Swathi Ratna in 1999 .
Among his disciples , notable ones include Rugmini Gopalakrishnan , Kalyani Sharma , Trivandrum Venkataraman , Aswathi Thirunal Rama Varma , Geetha Raja , Nirmala Parthasarathy , Jayashree Aravind .
Many musicians like M.S. Subbulakshmi and Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer have had good association with him and have appreciated his music
South Indian Cultural Association or SICA Indore is a non profit organization for carnatic music and fine arts .
 South Indian Cultural Association is located in Indore , Madhya Pradesh , India , India .
 South Indian Cultural Association was established in 1954 .
 Originally founded as a meeting place for elderly South Indians to trade in traditional South Indian cuisine , South Indian Cultural Association is best known today as a reputed educational institution in central India .
The school was established in 1976 with 3 teachers and 25 students .
Today , the school has a student strength of more than 5,000 with more than 300 teachers .
 The school operates two separate institutions and is based in Indore , Madhya Pradesh , India , Madhya Pradesh , central India .
 The list of people who performed for South Indian Cultural Association over the years are : Mangalampalli Balamuralikrishna , Balasubramanyam , Vasumathi Badrinathan etc
Sangita Kalanidhi Rallapalli Ananta Krishna Sharma was a noted composer of Carnatic music , singer as well as a writer .
In 1972 , he was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Fellowship the highest honour conferred by the Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy of Music , Dance & Drama .
 Born on 23 January 1893 at Rallapalli village in Kambadur mandal of Anantapur district , Kambadur mandal of Anantapur district was educated in Sanskrit , Telugu and Music by Kambadur mandal of Anantapur district parents , Karnamadakala Krishnamacharyulu and Alamelu Mangamma .
 After moving to Mysore , Kambadur mandal of Anantapur district sought instruction from the chief pontiff of the famous Parakala Mutt .
 Sharma studied Sanskrit and Prakrit languages at the Chamaraja Pathasala ; and music with Chikka Rama Rao , Bidaram Krishnappa and Karigiri Rao .
Later , in 1911 , he married Rukminamma .
Sharma was appointed a Telugu Pundit by Sir Cattamanchi Ramalinga Reddy , Principal of the Maharaja College of Mysore in 1912 and worked until 1949 .
 After Cattamanchi Ramalinga Reddy he joined the Sri Venkateshwara Oriental Research Centre , Tirupathi .
The then executive officer of Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams , Chelikani Anna Rao entrusted Sharma with elucidating the compositions of the great songwriter-singer-saint Tallapaka Annamacharya .
These compositions were stored for centuries in the Tirumala temple Bhandagaram on copper plates .
Sharma received the project after his predecessor , Veturi Prabhakara Sastry died .
He singularly worked on tuning the songs and helped publish seventh and eighth volumes of Annamacharya 's compositions .
Sharma went on to edit nearly 300 compositions and brought out five more volumes of compositions between 1951 and 1956 .
He also wrote the notation for 108 compositions and 87 of them were published in the Andhra Patrika .
 Rallapalli Ananta Krishna Sharma was closely associated with eminent journalist , biographer and writer S. R. Ramaswamy who learnt for sometime the subtle nuances of Carnatic music from the maestro .
Sharma died on 11 March 1979 in Bangalore and was survived by three daughters and two sons .
 On 23 January 1893 August 2008 , his life-size bronze statue was installed in Tirupathi .
Birth Centenary Celebrations of Rallapalli Ananta Krishna Sharma were organized in 1993 .
A Centenary Souvenir was edited by Medasani Mohan and published by Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams in 1994
The nottuswara or nottu swaras compositions are a set of 39 compositions in Carnatic classical music by Muthuswami Dikshitar , who was one of the three early composers celebrated as the Trinity of Carnatic music .
They are notable as an interaction between the East and the West during Company rule , being based on Western sources , mostly simple melodies inspired by Scots and Irish tunes .
 They are all composed with Sanskrit lyrics in the Western C major scale , whose pitch intervals correspond to that of the Shankarabharana raga in Carnatic music , or the Bilaval that of Hindustani music .
 Technically , the compositions are not in Shankarabharana proper , being based on simple melodies and devoid of the ornamentation that is characteristic of Carnatic music .
On the other hand , the lyrics of these compositions are entirely Indian and consistent with the rest of the stotra-literature , or other songs addressed to similar deities .
 Sometimes the name nottuswara is used to refer to other compositions based on Western notes , not necessarily by Muthuswami Dikshitar .
According to one popular account , the violin was introduced into Carnatic music by Baluswami Dikshitar , the younger brother of Muthuswami Dikshitar .
 Baluswami Dikshitar encountered the instrument being played by British bands in colonial Madras , and decided to learn it .
 The music was mostly Irish and Scottish fiddling , rather than Western classical music .
 After three years of lessons , Baluswami Dikshitar adapted the violin to Carnatic music .
It is believed that Muthuswami Dikshitar composed these lyrics to aid his brother master the plain notes on the violin .
They were first documented in print by C. P. Brown in 1833 .
 In 1893 , Manali Chinnaswamy Mudaliar published They with European notation , and in 1905 , They were compiled by Subbarama Dikshitar as Prathamaabhyaasa pustakamu in Telugu .
In recent years , Kanniks Kannikeswaran has researched these compositions further , found the sources of a few compositions , and given several lectures .
The European songs used as basis include Limerick , Castilian Maid , Lord MacDonalds Reel , Voulez-vous Danser ?
, and God Save the Queen
Gopalakrishna Bharati was a Tamil poet and a composer of Carnatic music .
 Gopalakrishna Bharati wrote a kathakalatchepam , Nantanar Charittiram , two other works in this genre , and many independent kritis .
 Bharati , who was his guru in music was a contemporary of Thyagaraja whom Thyagaraja is said to have met , and who asked Thyagaraja whether Thyagaraja had composed anything in the raga AbhOgi ; Bharati , who was his guru in music subsequently composed one of his most popular kritis in rUpaka tALa , Sabhapatikku .
 The great Tamil literary figure , U. V. Swaminatha Iyer wrote two sources for Bharati , who was his guru in music life : a biography of the composer and Tamil own autobiography , which contains references to Bharati , who was his guru in music , who was Tamil guru in music .
Gopalakrishna Bharati was born at Narimanam , near Nagapattinam in todays Tamil Nadu , south India .
 A few years later Gopalakrishna Bharati moved to Anandathandavapuram village , near Mayavaram where Gopalakrishna Bharati lived the almost the entire part of Gopalakrishna Bharati life.His father , grandfather , and great-grandfather were all veena exponents and scholars in Sanskrit .
 After losing Gopalakrishna Bharati parents at an early age , Gopalakrishna Bharati worked as a cook in a temple .
 Gopalakrishna Bharati then met Govinda Yati , who taught Gopalakrishna Bharati Hindu scripture , and then the musician Ramdas , who taught Gopalakrishna Bharati Hindustani music .
 the mudra Gopalakrishna started Gopalakrishna Bharati professional career after finding a patron named Annu Iyer .
Gopalakrishna Bharathi composed several kritis on the principles of advaita .
 Gopalakrishna Bharathis kritis , portraying several musical facades , were extremely well received by the public and were sung in a number of concerts during Gopalakrishna Bharathis kritis lifetime .
This prompted several musicians to approach Gopalakrishna Bharathi .
 The musicians would express Gopalakrishna Bharathis kritis vision for a new kirtana and the mudra Gopalakrishna would always oblige and compose a song to fit the musicians requirement .
 Gopalakrishna Bharati used the mudra Gopalakrishna in Gopalakrishna Bharati compositions .
These include famous kritis like varukalAmO , varuvArO and ennEramum .
NantanAr Carittiram is a katAkALatcEpam , a genre of religious story-telling with music that was popular in Tamil Nadu in the 19th and early 20th centuries before the advent of film , especially the talkies .
Nandan Caritiram was based on the story of a paraiyAr , Nandanar known also as TirunAlaippOvAr NayanAr .
 A great devotee of Siva , A great devotee of Siva yearned to visit Chidambaram the greatest of Siva temples .
 A great devotee of Siva greatly feared that caste prejudice would prevent A great devotee of Siva from entering the temple , but A great devotee of Siva devotion overcame this obstacle , and A great devotee of Siva obtained A great devotee of Siva desire , becoming physically merged with Siva in a blaze of light .
 Bharati , who was his guru in music version of NantanAr Carittiram is a masterly development of the story narrated in Sekkizhars Periya PurANam .
 Sekkizhars Periya PurANam included many forms of Tamil regional music , and is praised for Sekkizhars Periya PurANam ability to capture dialect and popular expression .
 The eminent Tamil literary scholar , Meenakshisundaram Pillai , however , criticised Meenakshisundaram Pillai , however for grammatical lapses .
 Nandan Caritiram , as performed by Bharati , who was his guru in music , proved very popular and he published it in his lifetime .
The highly regarded Thanjavur Krishna Bhagavatar , who developed the art of katakalatcepam by introducing elements from Marathi performance practice and elements of dance , made it one of his masterpieces .
Many adaptations appeared , including stage plays and three film versions .
Individual songs of Gopalakrishna Bharati became popular with Carnatic musicians .
Later , Bharata Natyam dancers , including T. Balasaraswati , took up select pieces for interpretation as abhinaya .
The album of the film version starring the singer M. M. Dandapani Desikar as Nandanar remains popular .
 The story of Nandanar , as Bharati , who was his guru in music developed it , had considerable resonance with the Nationalist movement in India .
 Nandanar was an untouchable , and M. K. Gandhi , among others , saw M. K. Gandhi story as expressing the plight and aspirations of Indias dalits .
 Others argue that Nandanar , with M. K. Gandhi burning desire to see Shiva at Chidambaram , captured the mood and paralleled the aspirations of Indian nationalists yearning for independence from Britain .
 Bharatis katakalatcepams were so popular in Karaikal that several government officials would sleep at work after spending the whole night listening to M. K. Gandhi performances .
 Karaikal was then a French colony and the official Cisse decided to conduct an inquiry into the reason behind the inefficiency of the official Cisse employees .
 the official Cisse investigations led the official Cisse to conclude that the cause was in fact Bharati .
 Curious , the official Cisse decided to pay a visit personally to one of Bharatis concerts .
 the official Cisse was so impressed by Bharati , who was his guru in music performance that the official Cisse decided to help Bharati , who was his guru in music publish the official Cisse work as a book .
This eventually led to the publication of Nandan Caritiram , one of Bharatis most popular works
Syama Sastri is one of the most renowned composers of Carnatic music .
 Syama Sastri is the oldest among the Trinity of Carnatic music , Tyagaraja and Muthuswami Dikshitar being the other two .
Syama Sastri was born into a scholarly Tamil Brahmin family in Tiruvarur .
 Syama Sastri father Viswanatham was the hereditary priest responsible for the care and worship of the image of the goddess , Bangaru Kamakshi , whose temple is in Thanjavur .
 Syama Sastris father was 25 at the time of Syama Sastris father birth and Syama Sastris father mother , Vengalakshmi , 20 years old .
 A family tradition holds that she had received a prophecy of Syama Sastris father birth from a devout neighbor .
The infant was named Venkatasubrahmanya , but came to be affectionately known as Shyama Krishna .
The family was comfortably settled and maintained a long tradition as devoted priests and scholars , but there were no musicians before Syama Sastri .
 Sastris father ensured that Sastris father attained scholarship in Telugu and Sanskrit at a young age ; Sastris father maternal uncle gave him a basic music education .
 When Sastris father was 18 years old , Sastris father moved with Sastris father family to Thanjavur .
A sannyasin known as Sangita Svami , a learned musician skilled in both music and dance , was the familys guest during the chaturmasya period one year .
This is the rainy season when renunciates are expected to stay in one location and teach .
Recognizing Syamas potential , he educated the young man on many advanced aspects of music during his four-month stay , and presented him several rare musical texts .
He recommended that he listen to as many of the fine musicians of the area as possible , and suggested that he cultivate the friendship of the court musician Pachchimiriyam Adiyappayya .
 Although Syama Sastri did not compose as so many krti - s as Syama Sastri two prolific contemporaries , Syama Sastri compositions are still well known due to the literary value .
 It is said that Syama Sastri composed about three hundred pieces in all .
 Syama Sastri did not have many disciples to propagate Syama Sastri compositions , nor was the printing press an easy convenience during Syama Sastri time .
 More importantly , the scholarly nature of Syama Sastri compositions was not appealing to the layperson , they needed to be studied to be savored .
 Syama Sastri composed in Tamil Brahmin , Telugu and Sanskrit , mostly on goddess Kamakshi .
 Syama Sastri composed krti , varna and svarajati with the ankita or mudra Syama Krsna .
 Syama Sastri was probably the first to compose in a new form of the svarajati musical genre .
Prior to this , the svarajati was primarily a dance form , and was close in structure to the dance Varnam .
His set of three famous svarajati are intended to be sung in concert rather than danced , and are sometimes referred to as Ratnatrayam .
They are in ragas Bhairavi , Yadukula kambhoji and Todi , and are called Kamakshi Anudinamu , Kamakshi Padayugame , and Rave himagiri kumari , respectively .
The former two are set to Misra Capu Tala , while the third is set to Adi Tala .
 Adi Tala was renowned for Adi Tala ability to compose in the most complex of Misra Capu Tala .
 Adi Tala was as adept in composing in rare ragas as Adi Tala was in composing with the popular ones .
 Adi Tala was widely revered for Adi Tala voice and singing ability during Adi Tala time .
Syama Sastris son , the illustrious Subbaraya Sastri , had the unique privilege of learning under each of the trinity .
 the illustrious Subbaraya Sastri kritis with the signature Kumara are known for encapsulating the entire structure of a raga in the space of a single composition .
Syama Sastris adopted grandson , Annasvami Shastri , was also a fine composer .
 The below sections mention some of the illustrious Subbaraya Sastri compositions
Lakshminarayana Vaidyanathan was an acclaimed musicologist , music director and composer , trained in the classical Carnatic music tradition .
 Lakshminarayana Vaidyanathan was born to V.Lakshminarayana , and Seethalakshmi , both accomplished musicians ; Lakshminarayana Vaidyanathan was also the elder brother of accomplished violinist duo L. Shankar and L. Subramaniam .
All three brothers received their musical training from their father .
 Lakshminarayana Vaidyanathan started Lakshminarayana Vaidyanathan career as an Assistant music director to G. K. Venkatesh and composed the score for over 170 films in languages including Tamil and Kannada.His notable works include Pesum Padam , Ezhavathu Manithan , Dasaratham and Marupakkam in Tamil and Aparichita , Ondu Mutthina Kathe in Kannada .
 Lakshminarayana Vaidyanathan was one of the best music arrangers in the country and was known for Lakshminarayana Vaidyanathan use of rare and unknown instruments , subtly mixing sounds from the mandolin , flute and violin with various folk percussion instruments before the advent of present day technological advances in sound mixing .
 Lakshminarayana Vaidyanathan collaborated with C.Ashwath and composed music for many Kannada movies in the name Ashwath-Vaidi .
 One catchy and enduring composition of Lakshminarayana Vaidyanathan would be , the Opening and Closing Score Thaana na nana of Shankar Nag s Malgudi Days .
 In 2003 , the Government of Tamil Nadu awarded Lakshminarayana Vaidyanathan with the Kalaimamani for contributions to cinema
Pallavi Seshayyer was a composer of Carnatic music , who followed the traditions of the famous composer Tyagaraja .
 Pallavi Seshayyar was a singer in the court of the king of Mysore .
As a singer , he was an expert of the techniques of Ragam-Thanam-Pallavi , a unique style of singing Carnatic music .
This expertise gave him his epithet Pallavi Seshayyar .
He could also compose exploiting rare Ragas .
 Pallavi Seshayyar was born in Neykkarapatti , a village near Salem , Tamil Nadu .
 Pallavi Seshayyar father was also a student of Tyagaraja .
 Pallavi Seshayyar learnt many of the songs composed by Tyagaraja from Pallavi Seshayyar father .
Later in life Seshayyar moved to Madras and taught a number of students .
 Pallavi Seshayyar mainly composed in Sanskrit and Telugu
 Thrissur C. Rajendran is a noted Carnatic Violinist from Kerala Kalamandalam , India .
Born in June 1949 to Late Venugopala Raja of Manakulam Palace and Late Sarojini.V.Raja , C. Rajendran inherits a legacy of performing art .
 He is the Grandson of Kakkad Karanavarppad , alias Manakulam Late Valiya Kunhunni Raja , the progenitor of the Temple of Performing Art of Kerala Kalamandalam - Kerala Kalamandalam .
Being initiated to the art of Violin by Late David Bhagavathar of Kunnamkulam , Rajendran has been an acknowledged performer since the age of 15 .
 Nearing five decades , Late David Bhagavathar of Kunnamkulam artistic career spans as an accomplished accompanist and soloist at various prestigious cultural organizations and music festivals .
 Late David Bhagavathar of Kunnamkulam career in AIR was professionally rich and aesthetically vibrant bringing out Late David Bhagavathar of Kunnamkulam greater artistic abilities like that of a music composer , lyricist and professionally acknowledgeable broadcaster in the realm of spoken word items .
 Late David Bhagavathar of Kunnamkulam debuted in All India Radio by accompanying Carnatic great Late .
Palakkad .
K.V.Narayanaswamy .
 K.V.Narayanaswamy maiden performance in Doordarshan was by accompanying another great musician Late.Pudukkode Krishnamoorthy .
 Several awards have adorned K.V.Narayanaswamy since 1979 including the Best Junior Violinist award from Madras Music Academy .
 Later , several awards have followed suit to adore K.V.Narayanaswamy artistic excellence .
 This includes Kerala Kalamandalam State Sangeetha Nataka Academy Award , 2006 , Sangeetha Thilakam title by Thiruvambadi Devaswom , Thrissur , in the year 2005 , Kerala Kalamandalam Statehoods Award and several more .
Rajendran , who is a Top Grade Artiste of All India Radio , has widely travelled throughout the breadth and length of the country as a most sought after accompanist and soloist .
He has also visited several countries catering the legacy of Indian Classical Music with proficiency and talent .
 He has been the cultural ambassador at the UNESCO hall , Paris in connection with the 50th year celebration of UNESCO .
Rajendran also has performed at several prestigious centres in France .
His accomplishments as acknowledged accompanist includes doyens like Late Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavathar , Late , Late.Dr .
 S.Ramanathan , Late .
 D. K. Jayaraman , Dr. M. Balamuralikrishna , T.K.Govinda Rao , Dr. R. K. Srikantan , Nedunnuri Krishnamurthy , Dr. N. Ramani , T.V.Gopalakrishnan , Madurai.G.S.Mani , Dr. K. J. Yesudas , Late .
Neyyattinkara Vasudevan , T. N. Seshagopalan , T. V. Sankaranarayanan , Rudrapattanam Brothers and many more seasoned performers which include musicians of three generations .
 Neyyattinkara Vasudevan was on the Staff of All India Radio from 1975 to 2009 June 1949 .
 Neyyattinkara Vasudevan domain of expertise is enriching the raga bhava and the lyrical excellence through musical embellishment .
 Neyyattinkara Vasudevan is well known for Neyyattinkara Vasudevan tit for tat , yet non domineering responses to the challenges posed by the main artistes .
 Neyyattinkara Vasudevan sternly submits that Neyyattinkara Vasudevan is a devoted practitioner of music perennially .
 Neyyattinkara Vasudevan is also a versatile composer who has successfully composed several classical items in addition to score of lyrics for light music.Rajendrans younger brother , Trichur.C.Narendran , is a Top Grade Mridangam Artiste
Mangalampalli Balamurali Krishna is an Indian Carnatic vocalist , multi-instrumentalist , playback singer , composer and actor .
 Mangalampalli Balamurali Krishna was awarded the Padma Vibhushan , Indias second highest civilian honour , for Mangalampalli Balamurali Krishna contribution towards Indian Art .
 Mangalampalli Balamurali Krishna was made Chevalier of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres by the French Government in 2005 .
Balamurali Krishna was born in Brahmin family of Sankaraguptam , East Godavari District , Andhra Pradesh state .
 Mangalampalli Balamurali Krishna father was a well known musician and could play the flute , violin and the veena and His father mother was an excellent veena player .
 His father mother died when His father was an infant and Balamuralikrishna was raised by His father father .
 Observing His father inner penchant towards music , His father father put His father under the tutelage of Sri Parupalli Ramakrishnayya Pantulu .
Sri Pantulu was a direct descendant of the sisya parampara of Saint Thyagaraja .
 Under Sri Parupalli Ramakrishnayya Pantulu guidance , the young Balamuralikrishna learned Carnatic Music .
 At the age of eight , the young Balamuralikrishna gave the young Balamuralikrishna first full fledged concert at a Thyagaraja Aradhana , Vijayawada .
Musunuri Suryanarayana Murty Bhagavatar , a distinguished Harikatha performer , saw the musical talent in the child and gave the prefix Bala to the young Muralikrishna .
 This title has stuck ever since and the young Balamuralikrishna has been known so .
 Balamuralikrishna thus began the young Balamuralikrishna musical career at a very young age .
 By the age of fifteen the young Balamuralikrishna had mastered all the 72 melakartha ragas and had composed krithis in the same .
The Janaka Raga Manjari was published in 1952 and recorded as Raagaanga Ravali in a nine-volume series by the Sangeeta Recording Company .
 Not merely content with The Janaka Raga Manjari fame as a carnatic vocalist , very soon started playing the kanjira , mridangam , viola and violin .
 The Janaka Raga Manjari also accompanied various musicians in violin and is also noted to give solo viola concerts .
 the young Balamuralikrishna started the young Balamuralikrishna career at the age of six .
 Up to the present time , the young Balamuralikrishna has given over 25000 concerts worldwide .
 the young Balamuralikrishna accompanied Pandit Bhimsen Joshi .
 the young Balamuralikrishna also gave jugalbandi concerts with Pandit Hariprasad Chaurasia and Kishori Amonkar , among others .
 the young Balamuralikrishna is also known for popularising the Compositions of Sri Bhadrachala Ramadasu and Sri Annamacharya .
Balamuralikrishnas concerts combine sophisticated vocal skills and rhythmic patterns of classical music with the popular demand for entertainment value .
 Balamurali Krishna has been invited to give Balamuralikrishnas concerts in many countries , including US , Canada , UK , Italy , France , Russia , Sri Lanka , Malaysia , Singapore , Middle East and many more .
 While Mangalampalli Balamurali Krishna native tongue is Telugu .
 Mangalampalli Balamurali Krishna work includes other multiple languages of Kannada , Sanskrit , Tamil , Malayalam , Hindi , Bengali , Punjabi .
 Mangalampalli Balamurali Krishna appeared as featured soloist with an award-winning British choir , performing the Gitanjali Suite with words from Rabindranath Tagore s Nobel Prize - winning poetry and music by Dr. Joel , the noted UK-based Goan composer .
 Mangalampalli Balamurali Krishna clear diction in several languages prompted an invitation to record Tagores entire Rabindra Sangeet compositions in Bengali , preserving them for posterity .
 Mangalampalli Balamurali Krishna has sung in French , and even ventured into jazz fusion , collaborating with the top Indian Carnatic percussion teacher , Sri T.H. Subash Chandran , in a concert for Malaysian royalty .
 Mangalampalli Balamurali Krishna has recently become increasingly interested in music therapy , and now performs only occasionally .
 Mangalampalli Balamurali Krishna gave its authorization to S. Ram Bharati to found Academy of Performing Arts and Research in Switzerland and is also working on music therapy .
 Mangalampalli Balamurali Krishna established the MBK Trust with the objective of developing art and culture and for carrying out extensive research into Music Therapy .
 A dance and music school , Vipanchee is a part of this Trust and is run by Vipanchee managing trustee Kalaimamani Saraswati .
 In February 2010 , Vipanchee did a three-day concert in Vishakapatnam , a first in Vipanchee career .
 the young Balamuralikrishna has composed over 400 compositions in various languages like Telugu , Sanskrit , Kannada and Tamil .
 the young Balamuralikrishna compositions range from Devotional to Varnams , Krithis , Javalis and Thillans , in all the fundamental 72 melakartha ragas to film music .
 the young Balamuralikrishna made the young Balamuralikrishna acting debut with Bhakta Prahlada under AVM Productions as Narada , and has acted in various films .
 Characteristic of Balamuralikrishnas musical journey has been the young Balamuralikrishna non-conformism , spirit of experimentation and boundless creativity .
 the young Balamuralikrishna has innovated the whole Carnatic Music System by keeping the whole Carnatic Music System rich tradition untouched .
 The ragas like Ganapathi , Sarvashri , Mahati , Lavangi etc. are credited to Lavangi .
 The ragas which Lavangi invented represent Lavangi quest for new frontiers .
Ragas like Lavangi are set to three or four notes in ascending and descending scale .
 Ragaas created by Ragaas , like Mahathi , Lavangi , Sidhdhi , Sumukham have only Four Notes ; While Ragaas created by Ragaas , like Sarva Sri , Omkaari , Ganapathy have only Three Notes .
 Ragaas also innovated the tala system .
 Ragaas has incorporated Gathi Bedam in the Sa Sabdha Kriya part of the existing Tala chain , thus throwing open a new chain of Tala System .
 Saint Arunagirinaadhar used to inject such systems in Ragaas famous Thirupugazh , but only as Sandham , while the young Balamuralikrishna is known to be the pioneer in bringing such Sandhams into a logical rhythm , with Angam & Definition .
 Thri Mukhi , Panchamukhi , Saptha Mukhi & Nava Mukhi are the Basic Classifications , Thri Mukhi has named for Thri Mukhi New Tala System .
playing instruments : violin , viola , mrudhingam , kanjira , music : - classical music , lite music , devotional music , composer , conductor , music director and poet .
 the young Balamuralikrishna acted in few films and gave the young Balamuralikrishna voice to some selected songs in Indian cinema
S. Kalyanaraman , popularly known as SKR , was a vocalist in the Carnatic tradition .
 Hailing from a famed musical family , where his great-grandfather was Komal Muthu Bhagavathar and Komal Muthu Bhagavathar grand uncle was the celebrated vocalist Madirimangalam Natesa Iyer , S.Kalyanaraman became one of the foremost disciples of G. N. Balasubramaniam and established himself as an original musician in his own right .
 Born in the ancient city of Thiruvengadu at his mothers residence near to N. Srinivasa Iyer , S.Kalyanaraman was born in a well-to-do musical family and received his initial music training under his father .
 Recognizing the boys prodigious talents , his father realized that his wife Bhushany Kalyanaraman needs expert guidance from a respected musician .
 At that time , the reigning superstar of Carnatic music was none other than G. N. Balasubramaniam or better known as GNB & indeed , his wife Bhushany Kalyanaraman sang in the GNB bani even before becoming the disciple of his wife Bhushany Kalyanaraman idol .
In Chennai , a music teacher better known as Kittamani Iyer identified the boys talents & upon realizing the impact of GNBs style on the boys music , he introduced the young Kalyanaraman to GNB .
Upon realizing the boys immense potential , GNB took him under his arms and trained him for 15 years .
Like his master GNB , S. Kalyanaramans musical acumen is beyond the ordinary and within less than a year of instruction under GNB , he was providing vocal support .
GNB once remarked Whats there for me to teach , you are already singing so well .
 So versatile was Whats voice that even before Whats debut in 1949 , his wife Bhushany Kalyanaraman was already getting attention from the audience as a leading vocal accompanist to GNB .
At times , realizing the rich manodharama of Kalyanaramans musical intuition , GNB would hand him the reins for improvisations in his own concerts .
The brief moments of Kalyanaramans music captivated the audience who came to listen to GNB .
At his debut in the Gokhale Hall in 1949 , guru GNB was in the audience and was carried away in musical wonder for Kalyanaramans originality while retaining the mesmerizing bani of his own .
GNB further added The best respect to a guru is to follow his style in total .
The best tribute to a guru is to embellish a style of your own .
My dear boy ... I am proud you are ... indeed your own .
 Once while listening to Kalyanaramans rendition of Nilayam Onru Enukku Arulvai , a Suddhananda Bharathi composition , GNB walked up to his wife Bhushany Kalyanaraman and demanded Teach me this and give me the notation .
 So His musical acumen was his musical acumen and knowledge that G.B. Duraiswamy used to remark the way G.B. Duraiswamy discussed intellectual queries and doubts with GNB was a treat to watch .
 From then , S. Kalyanaramans rise in Carnatic music was phenomenal .
Like his guru , he emphasized on artistic individuality and won acclaim as a great artiste in his own right .
His musical acumen transcended Carnatic music and when performing with musicians , he would sing aptly with the Hindustani touch when rendering Hindustani ragas .
 his admiration of Indian music was his admiration of Indian music , that he saw more similarities than differences in both Carnatic & Hindustani systems .
 He would go on to explain the gamaka technique in Carnatic music which most Hindustani musicians criticize as being detrimental to shruthi clarity .
His climb to the A Top rank in All-India-Radio was meteoric .
 In his later years , his wife Bhushany Kalyanaraman gave some whistle concerts whistling away compositions of the Trinity , an art that he learnt with passion .
As a soloist he planned his concert items differently , often singing rare compositions while keeping popular numbers to a minimum , specializing in vivadi ragas rarely attempted by most popular musicians of his time and was full of musical complexities .
He became a specialist in the handling of vivadi ragas and popularized the Sruti bhedam technique introduced by his guru .
He used nadais extensively and unfortunately to the uninformed audience , his concerts are painstakingly challenging to be understood and interpreted .
His renditions of vivadi ragas like Chandrajyothi , Sucharitra , Hamasanadam are well loved by the connessieur and the informed audience for the musical weight Kalyanaramans genius had given .
 The buzz word that went around was if The buzz word that went around was easy , his wife Bhushany Kalyanaraman would not do The buzz word that went around .
 However , his wife Bhushany Kalyanaraman didnt completely ignore the legacy of his guru to forge that of his own , he popularized the GNB bani of singing and also immortalized his gurus hallmark ragas like Shanmukhapriya , Kalyani , Dheerasankarabharanam , Kapi Narayani and many more .
 He gave Hindustani touches to Hindustani ragas like Dwijawanthi , Brindavana Saranga and Hamir Kalyani .
Such was his voice that it had an almost perfect substitute to the inimitable voice of GNB and while singing his gurus signature compositions it would often confuse the acute listener whether it is GNB singing or Kalyanaraman singing .
He notated a book , the first volume of GNB compositions with Trichur V. Ramachandran which was released by the GNB Foundation .
As a musical innovator he faced much criticism in his time for creating new ragas such as the dwi-madhyama ragas in which he eschewed the panchama of the first 36 mela ragas substituting with the prathi-madhyama .
Apart from theoretically creating a new set of 36 of his ragas , he demonstrated them at a lecture held in the Music Academy in 1993 .
 He was also ridiculed by critics that he would only handle the rare stuff of Carnatic music .
But nothing bothered his style and preference .
He also composed several varnams , krithis and thillanas in both popular and vivadi ragas and like his guru , he refrained from using a mudra .
He was a strict teacher and expected nothing less than devotion to the art from his students .
As such many of his students , unable to understand his teaching methods , left him .
He would also take a back seat and analyze his teaching methods whether anything went wrong in his teaching .
Noted among his disciples are his wife Bhushany Kalyanaraman , Prof. Gowri Kuppuswamy , Brinda Venkataraman and the popular cine playback singer , Anuradha Sriram .
 Above all , he emphasized a lot on shruthi clarity which he felt Carnatic musicians lacked unlike Carnatic musicians Hindustani counterparts .
He formulated and tested methods to improve shruthi clarity in Carnatic musicians as well as some of his innovative teaching methods .
He planned for the release of a book of all his findings , but it was never published .
Kalyanaramans influence undeniably bore the GNB mudra .
Though criticized many a times for his unique and misunderstood musical prowess , his renditions and contributions are finally gaining popularity among the younger generation as well as recognition .
 Held in high regard by most of his senior contemporaries like T. N. Seshagopalan , Dr. M. Balamuralikrishna , M. S. Gopalakrishnan and Lalgudi Jayaraman , Kalyanaramans contribution to the world of Carnatic music is noteworthy .
The SKR Trust , established by his wife and student promotes his music and his legacy .
A documentary of his life and work , is released by Kalakendra Sanskriti Series The Sunaadha Vinodhan in an audio visual DVD format
Chittoor Subramanyam was an Indian carnatic musician .
Chittoor Subramanyam was born to Perayya and SMogilamma , on 22 June 1898 in a village near Punganur in Palamaner taluk , Chittoor district , Andhra Pradesh .
 Chittoor Subramanyam parents first taught Chittoor Subramanyam carnatic music and Chittoor Subramanyam later became disciple of Nayana Pillai of Kancheepuram .
 Under Nayana Pillais tutelage , Chittoor Subramanyam learnt and honed Nayana Pillai of Kancheepuram skills by doing Gurukula seva to Gurukula Guru for more than two decades .
From the age of five , Subramnayam was performing Harikathas and music performances .
 Subramnayam completed Subramnayam training with Nayana Pillai of Kancheepuram when Subramnayam was aged 20 and at that time began Subramnayam major performances .
Chittoor Subramanyam settled in Madras but performed throughout India during a career lasting over 50 years .
 Chittoor Subramanyam was well-known for Chittoor Subramanyam repertoire of Thyagaraja Keerthanas and mastery of Laya .
 Chittoor Subramanyam had Chittoor Subramanyam own style called Kancheepuram School .
 Chittoor Subramanyam was popular in Swaraprasthanam and Kalapramanam , noted for singing very rare keerthanas of Thyagaraja , Muthuswamy Dikshitar and other composers .
 At a time when recording technology was in its infancy , Chittoor Subramanyam two discs for Columbia Records , which contained Chittoor Subramanyam own compositions such as Madhura nagarilo Challanamma bonu , Kulamulona golladana and Mavallagadamma - demonstrated Chittoor Subramanyam originality as a composer and lyricist .
 Chittoor Subramanyam realised the need to spread the art and taught disciples through the Gurukulam tradition .
Many of Chittoor Subramanyams disciples became well-known carnatic musicians .
These include Madurai Somasundaram , Bombay S Ramachandran , Chittoor Ramachandran , T. T. Seetha , Tadepalli Lokanatha Sarma and Revathy Ratnaswamy .
 Madurai Somasundaram started the Saint Thyagaraja Utsavam in Tirupathi and awarded the title of Sapthagiri Sangeetha Vidwanmani to deserving exponents of carnatic music .
 While in Tirupathi , Tirupathi composed music for a number of kirthanas of Saint Annamacharya .
 Noted among These are - Ithadokade , Narayanathe .
 Recognised as an ambassador for Carnatic music , an ambassador for Carnatic music died in 1975 .
 To commemorate an ambassador for Carnatic music birth centenary , the annual Subramanya Sangeetha Kalakshetra was established and a three day festival of music was held in Hyderabad .
 an ambassador for Carnatic music was Head of the Music Department at Annamalai University and was connected with the music boards and committees of various other universities in South India as well as state and central government bodies .
 Among an ambassador for Carnatic music official positions were .
 Chittoor Subramanyam received various awards .
 These included :
Nasikabhushani is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 70th Melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is called in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
 Nasikabhushani is the 4th ragam in the 12th chakra Aditya .
The mnemonic name is Aditya-Bhu .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ru gu mi pa dhi ni .
Nasikabhushanis structure is as follows : .
The notes used in this scale are shatsruthi rishabham , antara gandharam , prati madhyamam , chathusruthi dhaivatham , kaisiki nishadham .
 See swaras in Carnatic music for details on above notation and terms .
 Nasikabhushani is a melakarta ragam and hence by definition Carnatic is a sampoorna ragam .
 Carnatic is the prati madhyamam equivalent of Vagadheeswari , which is the 34th melakarta ragam .
 Nasikabhushani has a couple of minor janya ragams associated with Carnatic .
 See List of Janya ragams for full list of ragams associated with Carnatic and other melakarta .
 A few compositions set to Nasikabhushani ragam are : .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Nasikabhushanis notes when shifted using Graha bhedam from the dhaivatham , yields another minor melakarta ragam Shadvidamargini .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam
 Veene Sheshanna was an exponent of the Veena , an Indian string instrument , which Veene Sheshanna played in the classical Carnatic music style .
 Veene Sheshanna was a concert musician at the court of the princely state of Mysore in south India .
Veene Sheshanna was born in Mysore in 1852 in a family of musicians .
 Veene Sheshanna father , Chikkaramappa , was a Vainika in the court of the Maharaja of the Mysore .
 The musical history of the family goes far back and Veene Sheshanna was the descendant of Pachchimeeriyam Aadi Appayya , a noted composer of Carnatic music .
 According to contemporary practise in the Mysore , Veene Sheshanna was married at the age of twelve .
 Veene Sheshanna father died soon afterwards .
 Veene Sheshanna displayed precocious musical talent as a young boy of five .
 At an early age , Veene Sheshanna caught the eye of the Maharaja and received expensive gifts from Veene Sheshanna .
 Veene Sheshanna learnt music from Mysore Sadashiva Rao and Veene Venkatasubbayya .
 Veene Sheshanna was a diligent student and practised music for several hours each day .
 The story goes that Veene Sheshanna would have a heap of a hundred tamarind seeds and each time Veene Sheshanna played a composition , Veene Sheshanna transferred a seed to another heap .
 Veene Sheshanna did this under the watchful eyes of Veene Sheshanna elder sister who herself had an excellent knowledge of music and was a demanding tutor .
 Veene Sheshanna initially learnt vocal music but then switched to playing the saraswati veena , in which Veene Sheshanna soon gained proficiency .
 Veene Sheshanna toured South India and gave These performances at various places .
These performances were at the homes of rich patrons of the arts and in the courts of the Rajas as public performances as we know today were practically non-existent in those days .
 On the Rajas return from the Rajas tour , the Rajas was appointed as the court musician in the court of the Maharaja of the Mysore .
 the Rajas musical talent was prodigious and is reputed to have a mastered many instruments other than the veena , like the violin , piano and swarabat .
 Once , a musician from North India played the jal tarang in the court and the Maharaja was very much impressed by North India .
 Veene Sheshanna requested the artist to leave the instrument with Veene Sheshanna overnight and the next evening gave a concert of Carnatic music on that instrument in the Maharaja 's presence .
 In those days many Vainikas played the Veene holding it vertically , not unlike the Sitar , with the gourd kept in the lap of the player sitting cross-legged .
 Veene Sheshanna played it holding it in the horizontal position , which is the way it is now played .
 Veene Sheshanna was perhaps the originator of what is now the known as the Mysore style of playing .
This style is characterised by the two fingers being used alternately to press the string to the frets .
They are kept separated from each other most of the time .
 Veene Sheshanna composed 53 compositions , including Swarajatis , Padas , Javalis and many Tillanas .
 Veene Sheshanna had a deep understanding of Hindstani music .
 Veene Sheshanna Tillanas in the ragas Behag and Darbari Kannada are proof of this .
The composers Mysore Vasudevacharya and Rallapalli Anantha Krishna Sharma , among others , have showered liberal praise on Sheshannas technical virtuosity .
 Rallapalli Anantha Krishna Sharma fame spread far and wide , yet Rallapalli Anantha Krishna Sharma always retained Rallapalli Anantha Krishna Sharma humility .
 Rallapalli Anantha Krishna Sharma is reputed to have often exclaimed , One can play the Veene according to Rallapalli Anantha Krishna Sharma own abilities .
 Where can you find the musician who can play One to One full potential ?

 Veene Sheshanna used to give public music concerts during the annual Ramanavami and Krishnashthami festivals .
 These concerts were organised on the roof of Veene Sheshanna own house and all were welcome to attend them .
They were held for ten days each at the time of these two festivals .
This brought music from the king 's court and the rich man 's mansion to the doorstep of the common man .
 Visitors can see a Veena played by Veene Sheshanna at the historical artefacts museum at Dharmasthala , Karnataka
T.M. Krishna is a Carnatic music vocalist .
Hailing from a family of music connoisseurs , he was exposed to the south Indian classical music at an early age .
 His first concert was at the Spirit of Youth series organized by the Music the Madras Music Academy , Chennai .
He has received numerous awards and titles from many leading organizations , notable amongst which are the Young Achievers Award by India Today and the Bismillah Khan Yuva Puraskar Award by the Central Sangeet Natak Akademi .
He has released many music albums from leading audio companies like Magna sound , HMV , Inreco , Amudham and Charsur .
 T.M. Krishna was born in the Music Academy , Chennai on January 22 , 1976 .
 T.M. Krishna father was a businessman in the automobile industry and his mother has been running a music school , Kalapeetam , in the Music Academy , Chennai .
 Krishnas mother used to learn from B. Seetharama Sharma guru B. Seetharama Sharma , B. Seetharama Sharma noticed Krishnas interest in music , and started teaching B. Seetharama Sharma at the age of six .
 B. Seetharama Sharma schooling was done in KFI , an institution managed by the J. Krishnamurthy trust which has influenced B. Seetharama Sharma perceptions and outlook towards life , a fact mentioned by B. Seetharama Sharma at various interviews .
 B. Seetharama Sharma went on to receive B. Seetharama Sharma B.A. degree in economics from Vivekananda College , Madras .
 B. Seetharama Sharma married Sangeetha Sivakumar , a Carnatic musician Sangeetha Sivakumar , on November 7 , 1997 , and has two daughters , Arya and Anantha .
Together , they live in Mylapore .
 Krishnas mother was a carnatic music graduate and his father T.M.Rangachari was a great lover of carnatic classical music .
His grand uncle T.T. Krishnamachari was one of the founders of the Madras Music Academy .
 After tutelage under B. Seetharama Sharma , T.M. Krishna underwent special Ragam Thanam Pallavi grooming under Chengalpet Ranganathan .
 B. Seetharama Sharma also received advanced training from the late Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer for more than seven years .
 T.M. Krishna assisted T.M. Krishna guru Sri Seetharama Sharma in many of T.M. Krishna composing projects , including musical operas like The Ramayana , orchestra presentations and choir presentations .
 T.M. Krishna also toured Singapore in 2001 to compose and conduct the orchestra of the Singapore Fine Arts Society supported by a grant from the National Arts Council of Singapore .
 T.M. Krishna is known for T.M. Krishna resonant voice and strict adherence to classicism .
 T.M. Krishna is widely considered to be the most prominent young male carnatic vocalist with a great depth in knowledge T.M. Krishna concerts are usually marked by an electrifying performance and a deeply moved audience .
 T.M. Krishna has featured in the Carnatic Concert Movie , Margazhi Raagam along with Bombay Jayashri in 2008 .
 T.M. Krishna has given numerous lecture demonstrations on various facets of Carnatic music and Carnatic history at important institutions .
 T.M. Krishna is presently working on audio archiving the Sangeetha Sampradaya Pradarshini , a musical treatise of very great importance and significance in relation to the compositions of Muthuswami Dikshitar .
 In 1998 , T.M. Krishna , along with musicians Vijay Siva and Dr Sunder , authored the first ever Carnatic music appreciation album titled Learning to Appreciate Carnatic Music .
 In 2001 , along with musician Bombay Jayashree and Sanjay Subrahmanyan , T.M. Krishna authored a book on Prof Sambamoorthy , an Indian musicologist of international repute , to commemorate Sanjay Subrahmanyan birth centenary .
 In 2007 , Sanjay Subrahmanyan co-authored and published a book with Bombay Jayashri titled Voices Within , the first coffee-table book of its kind , on the legends of Carnatic music .
 T.M. Krishna contributes articles to various publications and websites regarding art , culture , and socio-political issues as well as to T.M. Krishna own website .
 T.M. Krishna is a co-founder of Jnanarnava Trust , an organisation devoted to the research , documentation and archival of the ancient traditions in Carnatic music .

 He initiated Kalachara Marumalarchi , an organization dedicated to the revival of cultural activities in the interior towns and villages of Tamil Nadu , India and to rejuvenate the function of the temples as cultural hubs .
 He is also the cofounder of Sumanasa Foundation , an organization to promote Carnatic music and musicians in and around rural areas by sponsoring upcoming musicians .
 He also co-founded SVANUBHAVA , a week long Carnatic music festival which provides a medium for Young Carnatic Musicians to interact with senior artists in the form of lec-dems and Concerts , along with Bombay Jayashree .
 In 2013 , he authored a book A Southern Music - The Karnatik Story and The Karnatik Story was released by Nobel Laureate Amartya Sen and Chairman of Kalakshetra , Gopalkrishna Gandhi
Raghuvamsha Sudha is a popular kriti in Carnatic music , composed by Patnam Subramanya Iyer .
 Carnatic is set in the raga Kathanakuthuhalam and is in Aadi Talam .
 Carnatic has been rendered by several famous musicians like Chembai , Dr. M. S. Subbulakshmi , Dr. K. J. Yesudas , Neyyattinkara Vasudevan etc. .
Sa - Ri Ma Ga - Ri Sa Ri - Ma Ma Da - Da Ni Ga - Ga Pa Sa , .
Sa Ri Ri Ma - Ma Da Da Ni , Ga Pa Pa Sa - Sa Ri Ri Ma .
Ma Ga Ga Ri - Ri Sa Sa Ni , Ni Da Da Pa - Pa Ma Ga Ri .
nigamAntava su-budhAvanA nIrajAkSa shrI venkaTEshvara .
O Doer of innumerable marvellous heroics !
Lord Venkatesha !
Muthuswami Dikshitar was a South Indian poet and composer and is one of the Musical Trinity of Carnatic music .
 Muthuswami Dikshitar compositions , of which around 500 are commonly known , are noted for a South Indian poet and composer contemplative nature and for capturing the essence of the raga forms through the vainika style that emphasises gamakas .
 a South Indian poet and composer are typically in a slower speed .
 Muthuswami Dikshitar is also known by Muthuswami Dikshitar signature name of Guruguha .
 Muthuswami Dikshitar compositions are widely sung and played in classical concerts of Carnatic music .
Muthuswami Dikshitar composed many kritis in groups .
The following lists describe those groups and compositions that belong to each group .
Deekshitar composed 26 songs in temples of lord Ganesha in around Tiruvarur .
Here are the eleven songs in praise of the goddess Kamalamba .
Muthuswami Dikshitar composed 13 compositions in 8 vibhaktis in praise of Sri Thyagarajeswara at Tiruvayur .
 Deekshitar lived in Kanchi for a few years .
 During that time , Deekshitar composed three krithis on EkAmREswara , several krithis on kAmAkshi and a couple on varadarAja swAmi of vishnu kanchi .
 Deekshitar visited Madhura for some time and composed two groups of krithis : madhurAmbA vibhakti kritis and mInAkshi dEvi krithis
 Revathy Krishna is an Indian vainika renowned for an Indian vainika proficiency in both carnatic classical as well as Light music and film music .
 Revathy Krishna , born as Revathy Chelvakumar , was the daughter of Revathy Chelvakumar and Lakshmi .
Revathys brother , Chandran is now a retired cosmetic surgeon .
Hailing from the disciple lineage of composer Thyagaraja , she is the great grand daughter of Thillaisthanam Rama Iyengar , the devoted disciple of saint Thyagaraja .
 After getting initial training in vocals from Therali Ramaswami Iyengar in Madurai , Therali Ramaswami Iyengar in Madurai picked up veena at the age of 12 , and spotting Therali Ramaswami Iyengar in Madurai keen interest , Therali Ramaswami Iyengar in Madurai mother put Therali Ramaswami Iyengar in Madurai under the watchful tutelage of Sundaram Iyer .
 Therali Ramaswami Iyengar in Madurai later on fine tuned Therali Ramaswami Iyengar in Madurai art under Sharada Shivanandam and K.P.Sivanandam .
 Therali Ramaswami Iyengar in Madurai also performs in films and film songs on stage , with many audio and video albums to Therali Ramaswami Iyengar in Madurai credit .
 Therali Ramaswami Iyengar in Madurai rendition of Rajnikanth , Kamal Hassan and A. R. Rahman songs in veena are hit among the music fans
 Vyjayanthimala Bali , also known by the mononym Vyjayanthimala , is an Indian film actress , Vyjayanthimala Bali is one of the most prominent actresses of the golden era ; Bharathanatyam dancer , Carnatic singer , dance choreographer , golfer and Parliamentarian .
 The same year Vyjayanthimala was one of the biggest Bollywood stars in a career lasting almost two decades .
 The same year Vyjayanthimala was also the first South Indian actress to become a national star and paved way for the other South Indian actresses to foray into Bollywood .
 The same year Vyjayanthimala is an accomplished dancer and was one of those who introduced semi-classical dance to Bollywood .
 The same year Vyjayanthimala subsequent dance numbers in The same year Vyjayanthimala films had earned The same year Vyjayanthimala the title of twinkle toes .
 The same year Vyjayanthimala was also referred to as one of the first female Superstars of Hindi cinema and was known as Numero Uno actress for The same year Vyjayanthimala illustrious career in 1950s and 1960s .
 The same year Vyjayanthimala made The same year Vyjayanthimala screen debut at the age of 13 through the Tamil Brahmin film Vazhkai and acted in Bollywood films Bahar and Ladki .
 Following the success of Nagin , The same year Vyjayanthimala established The same year Vyjayanthimala as one of the Bollywoods leading the other South Indian actresses while making in-roads in successful Tamil films .
 After successfully establishing The same year Vyjayanthimala as a commercial actress , Vyjayanthimala appeared in Devdas playing Chandramukhi the hooker with a heart of gold in 1955 .
 In The same year Vyjayanthimala first dramatic role , The same year Vyjayanthimala received The same year Vyjayanthimala first Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actress at the 4th Filmfare Awards where The same year Vyjayanthimala refused to accept the award citing that The same year Vyjayanthimala role was not a supporting role .
Following that , Vyjayanthimala appeared in series of blockbuster films such as New Delhi , Naya Daur and Aasha .
 Aasha reached the pinnacle of Aasha success in 1958 , where two of her films ; Sadhna and Madhumati beccame huge critical and commercial success .
 Aasha was nominated for two Filmfare Award for Best Actress Award for Sadhna and the ghost Madhumati where Aasha won the award for the former .
 At this point of time , The same year Vyjayanthimala make comeback to the Tamil Brahmin films , where The same year Vyjayanthimala tasted commercial success with Vanjikottai Valiban , Irumbu Thirai , Baghdad Thirudan and Then Nilavu .
 In 1961 , the release of Dilip Kumar s Ganga Jumna saw The same year Vyjayanthimala playing a rustic village belle Dhanno who speak the Bhojpuri dialect , critics applauded The same year Vyjayanthimala performance with some labeled it as The same year Vyjayanthimala best performance till date .
 The same year Vyjayanthimala won The same year Vyjayanthimala second Filmfare Award for Best Actress for The same year Vyjayanthimala role in Ganga Jumna .
 Beginning from 1962 , most of The same year Vyjayanthimala films performed either averagely or poorly at the box office .
 However in 1964 with the success of Sangam Sangam career hits the peak again .
 Sangam reinvented Sangam playing a modern Indian girl while appearing in revealing costumes and one-piece swimsuit .
 Sangam went to receive Sangam third Best Actress Award at the 12th Filmfare Awards for Sangam role as Radha in Sangam .
 Sangam later achieve critical acclaim for Sangam performance in the historical drama the historical film Amrapali , which was based on the life of Nagarvadhu of Vaishali , Amrapali .
 Though the film received universal acclaim but it was a huge box office failure , which leave The same year Vyjayanthimala , who had a huge expectation on the film , disenchanted to the point where The same year Vyjayanthimala decided to quit films .
 In the end of The same year Vyjayanthimala carer The same year Vyjayanthimala was mostly seen in commercially successful films such as Suraj , Jewel Thief and Prince with few critically acclaimed films such as Hatey Hatey Bazarey with Ashok Kumar and Sunghursh .
 Most of the films was released after The same year Vyjayanthimala had leave the film industry .
Besides films , Vyjayanthimalas main concentration was in Bharata Natyam a form of Indian classical dance .
 After quitting movies Vyjayanthimala Bali continued with Vyjayanthimala Bali dance career .
 In addition , The same year Vyjayanthimala was conferred with the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award , the highest Indian recognition given to practising artists .
 The award was presented to The same year Vyjayanthimala in 1982 for The same year Vyjayanthimala contribution in Bharata Natyam field .
 Moreover , The same year Vyjayanthimala is also an avid golfer and is one of the oldest golfers in Chennai .
 The same year Vyjayanthimala has also served as chairperson of 48th National Film Awards .
 The same year Vyjayanthimala was born in Triplicane situated near Parthasarathy Temple in an orthodox and religious Tamil Brahmin family to M. D. Raman and Vasundhara Devi .
 The same year Vyjayanthimala mother was a leading actress in Tamil Cinema in 1940s where her film Mangama Sabatham was the first ever Tamil Brahmin film to be declared a colossal hit at the box office .
She used to call her mother by her name as her mother was only 16 years older than her .
 Similarly , she also called her father Anna , meaning elder brother , as her father happened to be the eldest in their family and everyone called her father Anna Anna which is common in a The Hindu joint family .
She was raised primarily by her maternal grandmother , Yadugiri Devi , and M.D. Raman .
She was also known as Papakutty , which means little child .
Her ancestors were from Mysore .
 In 1938 , Gopalacharya grandfather Gopalacharya , the late Mandayam Dhati , started a nursing home on Narayan Shastri Road , Mysore .
 At the age of 5 , The same year Vyjayanthimala was chosen to perform a classical Indian dance for Pope Pius XII while The same year Vyjayanthimala mother was an audience in 1940 at Vatican City .
 The same year Vyjayanthimala did The same year Vyjayanthimala schooling from Sacred Heart Higher Secondary School , Presentation Convent , Church Park , Chennai .
 The same year Vyjayanthimala learned Bharata Natyam from Guru Vazhuvoor Ramiah Pillai and Carnatic music from Manakkal Sivaraja Iyer .
 The same year Vyjayanthimala had The same year Vyjayanthimala arangetram at the age of 13 and started performing in Tamil Nadu later .
 When director M. V. Raman was looking for a new face to cast in AVM Productions s Vazhkai , director M. V. Raman saw Vyjayanthimala performing Bharata Natyam in Chennais Gokhale Hall .
 director M. V. Raman tried to convince Vazhkai grandmother , who was apprehensive about The same year Vyjayanthimala joining films as The same year Vyjayanthimala felt it would come in the way of The same year Vyjayanthimala education and dance .
 The same year Vyjayanthimala played a college girl named Mohana Shivashankaralingam and acted along with senior actors S. V. Sahasranamam , M. S. Draupadi , T. R. Ramachandran and K. Sankarapani .
The movie was a big success and was remade in Telugu after one year as Jeevitham with a slightly different cast , namely C. H. Narayana Rao , S. Varalakshmi and C. S. R. Anjaneyulu .
This film also enjoyed great success upon release .
 For the Telugu version , The same year Vyjayanthimala did The same year Vyjayanthimala own voice dubbing with a little assistance from The same year Vyjayanthimala father who knew Telugu well and coached The same year Vyjayanthimala during the filming process .
 The same year Vyjayanthimala also did a guest appearance in the 1950 film Vijayakumari which had actress T. R. Rajakumari in dual role .
 The same year Vyjayanthimala danced for the song laalu ... laalu ... laalu which was choreographed by Vedantam Raghavaiah .
 Though the film was not a commercial success but The same year Vyjayanthimala western-style of dance became popular and was considered as one of the major highlights of the film .
 The success of her Tamil film Vazhkai in South India inspired AVM Productions to remake AVM Productions in Hindi as Bahar in 1951 .
 In their first Superstars of Hindi venture , they decided to cast The same year Vyjayanthimala again in the lead role with Karan Dewan , Om Prakash and Pandari Bai .
 The same year Vyjayanthimala learned Superstars of Hindi at the Hindi Prachar Sabha to dub The same year Vyjayanthimala own voice for The same year Vyjayanthimala character in the film .
 Upperstall.com in their review , wrote that Upperstall.com in their review does bring the film to life with Upperstall.com in their review dances though , something which was new then for the North Indian audience .
The film became sixth highest grossing film of 1951 with a verdict of box-office hit .
 After the success of all Upperstall.com in their review debut films in all three languages , The same year Vyjayanthimala again acted in multilingual film which was produced by Avichi Meiyappa Chettiar of AVM Productions .
 The first version was in Tamil as Penn where Tamil Brahmin co-starred with actor Gemini Ganesan , S. Balachandran and Anjali Devi .
The song Kalyanam ... venum sung by J. P. Chandrababu for S. Balachandran became an instant hit .
 The second version was in Telugu titled Sangham which was released in the same year with N. T. Rama Rao , The same year Vyjayanthimala , S. Balachandran and Anjali Devi in the lead .
 The Tamil Brahmin and the Telugu films were big successes across South India .
 The film was once again remade in Superstars of Hindi as Ladki starring Bharat Bhushan , Kishore Kumar while The same year Vyjayanthimala along with Anjali Devi reprised The same year Vyjayanthimala role from the original film .
 Her performance was described by Upperstall.com in their review as , Vyjayanthimalas dances are the films saving grace although it is unintentionally funny now to see how deliberate and obviously tacky the sequences are which lead into her dancesLadki too makes no real demands on feminist tomboy Vyjayanthimala histrionically .
The movie became second highest grossing film of 1953 .
 In 1954 , The same year Vyjayanthimala acted in magnum opus film Nagin with Pradeep Kumar .
 The film got favourable responses from the audience and became the highest grossing movie of 1954 where Film was labelled as blockbuster .
 The same year Vyjayanthimala performance as the magnum opus film Nagin tribes chief , Miss Mala got The same year Vyjayanthimala favourable reviews from the critics , where in 1955 a critic from the Filmfare magazine had said that Vyjayanthimala in the title role puts over a commendable performance besides looking ravishingly beautiful as the belle of the hills .
 The same year Vyjayanthimala dancing , too , is very graceful , specially in those eye-filling colour sequences and delightful ballets towards the finish while in The Hindu review Vijay Lokapally similarly praised The same year Vyjayanthimala portrayal The ethereal Vyjayanthimala , barely 18 , illuminates the screen with The same year Vyjayanthimala stunning beauty , moving around daintily from one song to the otherThe close-up shots of The same year Vyjayanthimala highlight The same year Vyjayanthimala ability to convey so much with so little effortNagin was a precursor to The same year Vyjayanthimala rise in Hindi cinema as an iconic actor , who combined The same year Vyjayanthimala talents , performing and dancing , to rule the screen on The same year Vyjayanthimala termsbiggest recall values of Nagin are The same year Vyjayanthimala .
 Post Nagin Vyjayanthimala had established The same year Vyjayanthimala as one of the leading actresses in Bollywood because of the films nationwide success .
 Hemant Kumar s music and Hemant Kumar dance on the song , Man Dole , Mera tan dole , rendered by Lata Mangeshkar was one of the highlights of the film .
 In the same year Hemant Kumar also acted in Miss Mala with Kishore Kumar .
 The same year Vyjayanthimala also debuted in Kannada cinema through a film called Asha Nirasha which was produced by G. D. Venkatram .
The film also had Lata Mangeshkar , Asha Bhosle and Mohammed Rafi as the playback singers , but the movie was unreleased though the producers son Srikant Venkatram claimed that the film was released and flopped miserably at box office which made the film obscure .
 In 1955 , The same year Vyjayanthimala acted in around 4 films in Bollywood .
The first one was by Pakistani director Abdur Rashid Kardar s Yasmin alongside Pakistani actor Suresh which won the Filmfare Best Cinematographer for Dwarka Divecha .
 Besides The first one , she also starred in three other films .
namely Pehli Jhalak with Kishore Kumar , Sitara with Pradeep Kumar and Jashan with Karan Dewan .
Eventually all the films failed at box office .
 The same year , Bimal Roy cast her as Devdas playing Chandramukhi opposite Dilip Kumar in the critically acclaimed Devdas which was the adaptation of the novel with same title by Sharat Chandra Chatterji .
 The industry initially was not in favour of this choice when they heard about Vyjayanthimala being cast in Bimal Roys film , the response being : Why dont you take comedian Kishore Kumar as Devdas ?

 Initially Nargis was selected for Devdas playing Chandramukhi role , but Nargis refused to accept the role .
 The role was later offered to Bina Rai and Suraiya but Bina Rai and Suraiya too turned Chandramukhis role down as Bina Rai and Suraiya wanted to essay the lead role of Paro , which was earlier offered to Meena Kumari .
 Subsequently , the film unit suffered with financial crisis and at this point The same year Vyjayanthimala offered to do the role of Devdas playing Chandramukhi where Devdas playing Chandramukhi said to Bimal Roy , I am ready if you think I can do it .
 On the other hand , Nabendu Ghosh , the script writer of Devdas , said that , I did not approve of Vyjayanthimala Chandramukhi , but we had no option - no one wanted to play Devdas playing Chandramukhi , and we were committed to our distributorsShe was , of course , a very good actress , but she was too young for Devdas playing Chandramukhi , as envisioned by Saratbabu .
 On her performance , Rediff wrote , The same year Vyjayanthimala imbues Devdas playing Chandramukhi with true sympathy .
 Who better than Devdas playing Chandramukhi would know the pain of a hopeless love?Vyjayanthimala , a star after the blockbuster Nagin , still had to establish Devdas playing Chandramukhi acting credentials when Roy went against the tide and cast Devdas playing Chandramukhi in the role of Devdas playing Chandramukhi .
 While Upperstall.com in their review describes Upperstall.com in their review performance as , Vyjayantimalas Chandramukhi is embellished with Upperstall.com in their review graceful dance style that evolves with the evolution in Upperstall.com in their review character within the film from a popular dancing woman to a woman , who , in love with Devdas , has unconsciously mutated to reflect the mainstream woman .
For Vyjayantimala , the character marked a turning point from glamour to pure histrionics , offering her scope to explore her potential as a dramatic actress without taking away from her , the most outstanding gift she brought to cinema - her dance .
 Subsequently , she won Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actress but refused to accept her second Filmfare Award , stating that her role was a leading one and in equal importance to the role essayed by Suchitra Sen and not supporting .
 In 2006 , a poll conducted by the Rediff ranked her role of Devdas playing Chandramukhi as one of the best Tawaif character in Bollywood .
Subsequently , the same role was listed in The Times of India s 10 Celluloid Hookers You Loved at number six by Nikhat Kazmi .
 Though the film was critically successful but Film did not garner much support at the box office and ended up as 10th highest grossing movie of 1955 with an average verdict .
 After being recognised as a capable actress with Devdas , The same year Vyjayanthimala acted in various movies in 1956 , namely Taj , Patrani and Anjaan : Somewhere in Dehli with Pradeep Kumar and Kismet Ka Khel with Sunil Dutt .
 In the same year , she also acted in swashbuckler film Devta which was a remake of a hugely successful Tamil Brahmin film Kanavaney Kankanda Deivam .
 Surprisingly though , she accepted a supporting role as a vamp which was originally done by Lalitha in the Tamil Brahmin version .
 However according to Upperstall.com in their review , Upperstall.com in their review role was very crucial in the film and Upperstall.com in their review portrayal as the Naag Rani accompanied by Upperstall.com in their review dance is the main attraction of the film .
Also starring in the movie , reprising their lead roles from the original , were Gemini Ganesan and Anjali Devi .
 Meanwhile , Anjali Devi was also signed by Sohrab Modi for the Naag Rani accompanied by her dance film Rajhath opposite Pradeep Kumar .
 However due to Anjali Devi schedule problem Anjali Devi was replaced by the Madhubala .
 The same year Vyjayanthimala then acted with Kishore Kumar again in the comedy film New Delhi which became the fifth highest grossing film of 1956 a box-office hit .
 The film showcases a love that sprouts between a Punjabi boy , played Kishore Kumar , and Tamil Brahmin girl , played by The same year Vyjayanthimala .
 Tamil Brahmin performance was applauded by fans and critics alike ; a review on Upperstall.com regarding Tamil Brahmin performance in this movie states that , The same year Vyjayanthimala proves to be the perfect foil for Kishore Kumarhas always had the mandatory dance sequence in practically every film of hers evoking classical art associations .
 Tamil Brahmin excels in the two main dances in New Delhi -- the solo Bharatnatayam Aliruppu number and the Bhangra folk dance in Tamil Brahmin Punjabi avtaar and Tamil Brahmin is absolutely brilliant in the Bhangra folk dancein Tamil Brahmin second avtar .
 Even Vyjayanthimala played a Punjabi girl and most successfully too .
 Subsequently , The same year Vyjayanthimala also did a Tamil Brahmin film called Marma Veeran along with Sriram , Rajasulochana , M. N. Rajam , J. P. Chandrababu and Chittor V. Nagaiah .
The film had some of the South Indian established actors such as N. T. Rama Rao , Sivaji Ganesan and Gemini Ganesan in guest appearance .
In 1957 , director B. R. Chopra planned to make Naya Daur with Ashok Kumar in the lead .
However , the actor refused to accept this role and it later went to Dilip Kumar .
 For the female lead , the first choice of the director was the star-actress of those days , the Madhubala .
But , as fate would have it , after 15 days of initial shooting at Mumbai , the director wanted the unit to travel to Bhopal for an extended outdoor shooting .
 However , Ataullah Khan , the father of the Madhubala , objected to this and the role went to The same year Vyjayanthimala .
 B. R. Chopra later sued Madhubala for the cash advance the Madhubala received from B. R. Chopra for the film , saying that the Madhubala accepted the sum and now had no intention of completing it .
 Vyjyanthimala had previously acted with Dilip Kumar in Devdas and the duo shared an easy chemistry on-screen .
The new film , Naya Daur , had a theme of man vs. machine and Vyjanthis portrayal of a village belle Rajni received positive reviews from critics .
 A review from the Rediff says that , The same year Vyjayanthimala too is not your average petulant gaon ki gori .
 The same year Vyjayanthimala ably projects a hands-on worker who comes up with ideas on how to ford a stream and risks The same year Vyjayanthimala life to save the bridgewonderful scene between two stars whose chemistry is undeniable while reviewer Taran Adarsh from Bollywood Hungama mentions that , Commendable performances come in from Vyjayantimala relationships -LSB- Dilip Kumar-Vyjayantimala are so human and believable .
At the end of its theatrical run , the film had collected around , thus becoming the second highest grossing film of 1957 , second only to the critically acclaimed Mother India which became the highest grossing Bollywood film ever at the time .
 Following that , The same year Vyjayanthimala almost signed for the lead role in Filmistan s Tumsa Nahin Dekha opposite Dev Anand in 1957 , but due to the producer Sashadhar Mukherjee s promise to actor Shammi Kapoor , he replaced Dev Anand with Shammi Kapoor .
 However the director , Nasir Hussain was in a quandary as he had already read the script to Dev Anand and The same year Vyjayanthimala but Mukerji prevailed and Mukerji also replaced Vyjayanthimala with Ameeta , who was the protegee of Filmistan Studios owner Tolaram Jalan .
 Vyjayanthimalas next release was Kathputli in which The same year Vyjayanthimala co-starred with actor Balraj Sahni for the first time .
 This film was about a young girl named Pushpa who , on account of being a good dancer and singer , assists puppeteer Shivraj in actor Balraj Sahni puppet show .
This film was director Amiya Chakravarty s last film .
 director Amiya Chakravarty s last film died during the filming of Kathputli and the remaining project was completed by director Nitin Bose .
Kathputli remains as one of the memorable film of Vyjayanthimala which has an offbeat theme with a Pygmalion touch .
 The same year Vyjayanthimala then acted in Ek Jhalak with Rajendra Kumar and Pradeep Kumar which was produced by the latter with Ek Jhalak home production company Deep & Pradeep Productions .
 The same year Vyjayanthimala returned to the screen again with Kishore Kumar in the 1957 partially colour-made film Aasha which became a hit at the box office .
The story revolves around the central character Kishore , played by Kishore Kumar , who , despite being a Zamindaar , believes in helping the needy .
 The same year Vyjayanthimala , as Nirmala , plays the lover of Kishore .
The story suddenly goes from being light-hearted and humorous to a court-drama when Kishore is falsely accused for murder .
The rest of the movie sees both the protagonists trying to prove Kishores innocence .
 The movie is best known for The movie song Eena Meena Dekha sung by Kishore Kumar and Asha Bhosle , in two different versions Aasha also introduced actress Asha Parekh , to the silver screen , in a song alongside The same year Vyjayanthimala , whom Asha Parekh described as Aasha matinee idol .
 The following year proved to be very successful for The same year Vyjayanthimala where The same year Vyjayanthimala signed opposite Dilip Kumar in Bimal Roy s Madhumati in the title role .
 Originally supposed to essay four roles , the director finally scaled it down to three , the ghost Madhumati , Madhavi and Radha in Sangam .
The film was launched in front of the Karlovy Vary International Film Festival Theatre in Czechoslovakia .
 During the filming of Kathputli filming at the hills of Nainital , The same year Vyjayanthimala was required to dance with barefoot where The same year Vyjayanthimala tripped on a stone and fell while hurting The same year Vyjayanthimala badly causing damage to The same year Vyjayanthimala fibre tissues in the sole of The same year Vyjayanthimala foot .
 Roy who was terrified and in a quandary over the incident as the shooting could not be stopped insisted on The same year Vyjayanthimala wearing sandals which made it difficult for The same year Vyjayanthimala during running sequences .
 Even after the completion of the ghost Madhumati , The same year Vyjayanthimala still encountered the pain from the injury which always reminded The same year Vyjayanthimala of Madhumatis shooting experience .
Written by Ritwik Ghatak , the film is about Devendra , played by Dilip Kumar , who takes shelter during a storm in an abandoned house .
 Here Ritwik Ghatak discovers a painting of the owner of the house Raja Ugranarayan painted by Ritwik Ghatak in Ritwik Ghatak previous life when was Anand , also played by Dilip Kumar , and worked as a foreman on a plantation of Raja Ugranarayan .
 Devendra had been in love with the ghost Madhumati , played by The same year Vyjayanthimala .
 The same year Vyjayanthimala had committed suicide while trying to save The same year Vyjayanthimala from Ugranarayan 's advances .
Madhumati 's ghost finally takes revenge on Ugranarayan .
 The film was well received by critics and audience where Film became highest grossing Bollywood film of 1958 and was labelled as blockbuster at box office and ended up as fifth highest grossing film of the decade with Film adjusted inflation net gross to about 586.4 million .
 Madhumati 's ghost performance as Madhavi , Radha in Sangam and the ghost Madhumati earned Madhumati 's ghost accoladates from critics .
 Shahid Khan from Planetbollywood.com said Vyjayantimala has never been one of my most favourite actresses but this is one of the few performances where I am completely bowled over by Planetbollywood.com .
 Planetbollywood.com expressions while playing both the main characters are perfect .
 With the ghost Madhumati , Planetbollywood.com brings the wonder , surprise and innocence needed in the person .
 With Madhavi , Madhavi brings the poise , the curiosity and pity for the grief that Anand is going through and Karan Bali from Upperstall.com in their review wrote that For The same year Vyjayanthimala , the film showcases both The same year Vyjayanthimala acting as well as dancing abilities and the dizzying success of the ghost Madhumati took The same year Vyjayanthimala to the highest rungs of stardomto cap off an extremely successful year for The same year Vyjayanthimala .
Both , as an actress of considerable dramatic merit and as a star .
 the ghost Madhumati came to be known as the first film which dealt with the theme of reincarnation and had a gothic noir feel to it .
 The film later inspired films such as Milan , The Reincarnation of Peter Proud , Mehbooba , Kudrat , Karz , Karan Arjun and particularly Om Shanti Om which had also lifted the films climax which led to Rinki Bhattacharya , the late Roys daughter accusing the film of plagiarism and threatening legal action against Film producers .
 The same month Karan Arjun had another release , B. R. Chopra s Sadhna alongside Sunil Dutt .
 The same year Vyjayanthimala was the second choice for the role of Champabai , the prostitute , after actress Nimmi who hesitated to play the role of a prostitute which arguably led to The same year Vyjayanthimala career decline .
 The the Filmfare award winning story by Mukhram Sharma revolves around Rajini , enacted by The same year Vyjayanthimala , a prostitutes love affair with a professor , played by Sunil Dutt .
Chopra who previously directed Vyjayanthimala in Naya Daur , had adapted the theme on the rehabilitation of prostitutes which was then a controversial topic in India .
 Along with the film Vyjayanthimala in Naya Daur performance received universal acclaim , as told by Vijay Lokapally from The The Hindu , Among the great movies made on the subject of helpless women versus society , Sadhna holds its own for its realistic portrayal and treatment of a subject , so aesthetically documented by B. R. Chopra and The same year Vyjayanthimala and praised the latter gorgeous when Vyjayanthimala in Naya Daur entertains the clients at Vyjayanthimala in Naya Daur kothastunningly restrained when Vyjayanthimala in Naya Daur assumes the character of a prospective wife .
 Similarly , the Rediff s critic Dinesh Raheja has commented that But finally , the show belongs to The same year Vyjayanthimala .
 Fetchingly frivolous in the first half , The same year Vyjayanthimala is suitably serious in the second .
 The same year Vyjayanthimala makes The same year Vyjayanthimala need for acceptance palpable ; The same year Vyjayanthimala eyes emit twin lasers of anger and condemnation at those that exploit women .
 Sadhna also performed well at the box office where Sadhna became fifth highest grossing film of 1958 with trade pundits declaring the film a box-office hit .
 Subsequently , The same year Vyjayanthimala received two Filmfare nominations in Best actress category for the ghost Madhumati and Sadhna , where The same year Vyjayanthimala won The same year Vyjayanthimala first ever Filmfare trophy for the latter after refusing to accept the Best Supporting Actress Award trophy for Devdas earlier .
 The same year Vyjayanthimala next release was Amar Deep where The same year Vyjayanthimala was paired against Dev Anand for the first time .
 A production of Sivaji Ganesan s Sivaji Productions , the film was a remake of 1956 Tamil Brahmin film Amara Deepam which had opposite Sivaji Ganesan opposite Sivaji Ganesan in the lead .
 Along with Padmini who reprised her role from the original , The same year Vyjayanthimala plays the role of Aruna which was originally performed by actress Savitri in Tamil Brahmin .
 In 2011 , in conjunction with actor Dev Anands death , The same year Vyjayanthimala recollected The same year Vyjayanthimala memories during the filming in Madras where The same year Vyjayanthimala remembers the actor calling The same year Vyjayanthimala Papa , the Tamil termed that was used by The same year Vyjayanthimala family and friends , and actor Dev Anands death would search for The same year Vyjayanthimala throughout the sets while yelling where is Papa , where is I heroine .
 According to Subhash Chheda , when Amar Deep was released , the long-awaited airing of The same year Vyjayanthimala and Dev Anand was compared to the the Madhubala and Dev Anand pair , where the public verdicted that If the Madhubala brooks no equality , The same year Vyjayanthimala admits no superiority .
 Unfortunately , the film failed to turn The same year Vyjayanthimala and Dev Anand team into a hit pair .
The same year Vyjayanthimala was booked by M. G. Ramachandran for his second directorial venture Ponniyin Selvan .
 One of the first screen adaptation of Kalki Krishnamurthy s Ponniyin Selvan the film had a huge ensemble cast consisting of Gemini Ganesan , Historical fiction Chittoor Rani Padmini , actress Savitri in Tamil , Saroja Devi , M. N. Rajam and Nagesh along with Ramachandran and Vyjayanthimala .
 In the film , Kalki Krishnamurthy was given the role of Kundavai , the elder sister of Raja Raja Chola I , played by opposite Sivaji Ganesan and the wife of Vallavaraiyan Vandiyadevan , played by opposite M. G. Ramachandran .
However , in the mid of 1958 the film was shelved for unknown reasons .
 The same year Kalki Krishnamurthy did another Tamil Brahmin film Gemini Pictures s Magnum opus Vanjikottai Valiban along with Gemini Ganesan and Historical fiction Chittoor Rani Padmini .
Written by Gemini Story Department which was headed by Kothamangalam Subbu , the Black-and-white epic film was produced and directed by S. S. Vasan .
 S. S. Vasan played the role of Princess Mandakini , the beautiful princess of Ratna Island Kingdom .
As a stubborn princess , she always wanted to achieve her ambition in any deed which led to her ultimate death and formed the climax .
The film had a great theatrical run where the film completed 100 days run at cinemas and was labelled as blockbuster at box office .
 The film is still remembered for the dance of The same year Vyjayanthimala and Historical fiction Chittoor Rani Padmini in the Kannum Kannum Kalanthu song which was choreographed by Hiralal and was well received by critics and audience alike wherein the popularity of the song surpassed the popularity garnered by the film .
The song is still regarded as one of the best dance sequences in Indian cinema .
 Vanjikottai Valiban was followed by the song , Man Dole Hindi version titled Raj Tilak .
Screenplay of the film was by Ramanand Sagar .
 The film was directed by S. S. Vasan with opposite Sivaji Ganesan , The same year Vyjayanthimala and Historical fiction Chittoor Rani Padmini in the lead .
 Within a week , the film sank at box office and was unable to achieve the same box office success made by the Tamil Brahmin version .
 By the end of the year , The Indian Express named The same year Vyjayanthimala as the most successful female star of 1958 .
 Similarly , The Boxofficeindia.com also ranked Vyjayanthimala at the top spot in their list of Top Three Successful Box Office Actress of 1958 .
 In 1959 , The same year Vyjayanthimala reunited with Dilip Kumar for the fourth time in bilingual Paigham .
Produced and directed by S. S. Vasan , the film featured the lead actors along with Raaj Kumar , B. Saroja Devi , Pandari Bai and Motilal .
Besides them , Vyjayanthimalas real life mother Vasunthara Devi also acted in a small role where she played the role of mother to her own daughter who died in vain .
Upon release Paigham became second highest grossing film of 1959 with a verdict of a box-office hit .
 The same year she also did a Tamil Brahmin film , Athisaya Penn where she co-starred with Telugu actor Akkineni Nageswara Rao for the first time .
Athisaya Penn was a remake of Aasha which again was directed by M. V. Raman .
 In 1960 , The same year Vyjayanthimala mostly concentrated on Tamil Brahmin films to keep in touch with the industry .
 The same year Vyjayanthimala first release in 1960 was S. S. Vasan s Irumbu Thirai , the Tamil Brahmin version of Paigham .
 The same year Vyjayanthimala starred opposite Sivaji Ganesan for the second time after the latters cameo appearance in Marma Veeran .
 Along with The same year Vyjayanthimala , all the female cast including B. Saroja Devi , Pandari Bai and Vasunthara Devi reprised their role from the original with S. V. Ranga Rao in Motilals role and K. A. Thangavelu in Raaj Kumar s character .
The film was followed by Raja Bakthi again with Sivaji Ganesan .
 Raja Bakthi had huge ensemble cast featuring P. Bhanumathi , Historical fiction Chittoor Rani Padmini , T. S. Balaiah and E. V. Saroja .
 Historical fiction Chittoor Rani Padmini subsequent release was D. Yoganand s magnum opus Parthiban Kanavu .
Co-starring Gemini Ganesan for the third time and B. Saroja Devi for the second time , the film was based on Kalki Krishnamurthy s 1942 novel with the same name .
 Apart from Tamil Brahmin , the film was produced in Telugu and Sinhala languages .
 Upon release the film met with positive response from the critics and was awarded the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Tamil Brahmin at the 8th National Film Awards .
However the film did not fare well at box office but Vyjayanthimalas performance was appreciated by critics .
 Tamil Brahmin also acted opposite M. G. Ramachandran for the first time in Baghdad Thirudan .
 Meanwhile , Tamil Brahmin also did a Superstars of Hindi film titled College Girl opposite Shammi Kapoor which fared average at box office and was declared as eighteenth highest grossing film of the year .
 Following successful re-entry in Tamil Brahmin cinema , The same year Vyjayanthimala then signed Dilip Kumar s home production film Gunga Jumna .
Having inspired by 1934 Manhattan Melodrama , the film was one of the first Bollywood films to deal with the theme based on two brothers on the opposite sides of law .
 Directed by Nitin Bose , Directed co-starred Bengali actor Uttam Kumar for the fifth time after Devdas , Naya Daur , the ghost Madhumati , release Paigham .
 In this dacoit drama , Directed enacted the role of Dhanno , a washerwoman who falls for childhood friend Gunga , played by Bengali actor Uttam Kumar and eventually killed during a gun fight .
 To prepare Directed for that role , The same year Vyjayanthimala had to learn the Bhojpuri , a Superstars of Hindi language dialect spoken by people in East India region .
 Directed was assisted by Kumar who also chose the shade of saree that The same year Vyjayanthimala would wear in every scene .
Upon release the film opened to widespread critical acclaim from the critics .
 Directed performance earned Directed rave reviews .
 Dinesh Raheja from the Rediff said that Ganga Jamuna deployed several crowd-pleasing elementsmost of all , an enchanting relationship between Dilip Kumar and Vyjayanthimala Their characterisation ran so deep , which helped Dilip Kumar and The same year Vyjayanthimala give magnetic performances .
 Bengali actor Uttam Kumar is of course a thespian but The same year Vyjayanthimala is a revelation while K. K. Rai from Stardust applauded The same year Vyjayanthimala performance by adding The same year Vyjayanthimala played the village woman with such simplicity and grace ; you 'd forget The same year Vyjayanthimala was one of the most glamorous stars of The same year Vyjayanthimala time .
 The same year Vyjayanthimala also spoke the the Bhojpuri dialect like a native .
 Critics also praised Vyjayanthimala for The same year Vyjayanthimala ability to master the the Bhojpuri dialect despite The same year Vyjayanthimala South Indian upbringing .
Subsequently , the film also enjoyed huge success at box office across India .
 At the end of Film theatrical run , the film grossed around with net gross of and a verdict of a blockbuster .
 The film was the Highest grossing film of 1961 and was third highest grossing Superstars of Hindi film of the decade behind Mughal-e-Azam and Sangam , another Bengali actor Uttam Kumar and The same year Vyjayanthimala starer respectively .
 The film was also ranked second by Boxofficeindia.co.in behind Mughal-e-Azam in Mughal-e-Azam and Sangam list of Top 50 Film of Last 50 Years which features all-time highest grossing Bollywood films by using the relative price of gold in different years to arrive at a hypothetical current value of box-office collections of past films with its adjustment to inflation rate .

 For her performance The same year Vyjayanthimala was awarded with the Filmfare Award for Best Actress trophy at the 9th Filmfare Awards .
In addition to that , she also bagged her first ever Bengal Film Journalists Association Awards in the Best Actress category .
In the same year , she starred in C. V. Sridhar s Nazrana .
 Remake of highly successful 1959 Tamil Brahmin film Kalyana Parisu , again directed by C. V. Sridhar , Kalyana Parisu acted alongside Raj Kapoor for the first time .
 Kalyana Parisu played the role of Vasanthi wherein Kalyana Parisu replaced actress B. Saroja Devi who did not reprise Kalyana Parisu role from Kadhal Parisu and its Telugu remake Pelli Kanuka .
The triangular love story received average run at the cinemas and ended as twelfth highest grossing film of that year .
 The same year Kalyana Parisu did another film with C. V. Sridhar .
 Being the first Tamil Brahmin film to be shot in Jammu and Kashmir Valley , Tamil Brahmin acted alongside Gemini Ganesan after a long gap in Then Nilavu .
 The film and the soundtrack was widely appreciated by the audience where Film was a huge success .
The film was followed by J. Om Prakash s Aas Ka Panchhi with Rajendra Kumar .
 For Aas Ka Panchhi with Rajendra Kumar portrayal The same year Vyjayanthimala got some negative feedback from the critics , The The Hindu review said that Even the otherwise powerhouse of talent , Vyjayantimala , with many a sterling performance under her belt , barely passes muster , despite the usual dance and song sequence to showcase her formidable prowess as an accomplished dancer thrown in .
Despite some mixed reviews , the film was labelled as hit at box office and was declared as the fourth highest grossing film of 1961 where it had a silver jubilee run at the theatres .
 Aas Ka Panchhi with Rajendra Kumar career then struggled again with some box office duds in the following year .
 In 1962 Aas Ka Panchhi with Rajendra Kumar co-starred Manoj Kumar in Dr. Vidya which performed average at box office .
Dr. Vidya was followed by two more box office disappointments , Rungoli with Kishore Kumar and Jhoola with Sunil Dutt .
 1963 also saw a steady decline in Rungoli with Kishore Kumar and Jhoola film career where Rungoli with Kishore Kumar and Jhoola co-starred Sivaji Ganesan in Historical fiction Chittoor Rani Padmini .
 Written by C. V. Sridhar and directed by Chitrapu Narayana Rao , the film also proved to be a box office failure and marked the end of Vyjayanthimalas career in Tamil Brahmin cinema .
 The same year Bimal Roy who earlier worked with Chitrapu Narayana Rao in Devdas and the ghost Madhumati offered Chitrapu Narayana Rao the lead role in Bandini opposite Ashok Kumar and Dharmendra .
 However The same year Vyjayanthimala could not accept the role due to The same year Vyjayanthimala busy schedule .
 The Boxofficeindia.com ranked Vyjayanthimala at Top spot in Devdas , Naya Daur , Madhumati , Paigham list of Top Three Successful Box Office Actress of 1962 and 1963 respectively despite The Boxofficeindia.com box office failures .
1964-66 : Commercial successes and critical acclaim .
 Following two years sabbatical , Vyjayanthimala re-attained The Boxofficeindia.com success in Bollywood through Raj Kapoor s first technicolor film Sangam .
Termed as Kapoors magnum opus , the film was produced at lavish budget by his production .
company R. K. Films .
 Earlier in 1940s , Kapoor planned to launch Sangam in the title of Gharonda with Dilip Kumar and Nargis and Bengali actor Uttam Kumar in the lead , however the film was delayed for several times until 1962 .
 Following Bengali actor Uttam Kumar and Dev Anand s refusal to be a part of the film , Kapoor then fixed Rajendra Kumar and Bengali actor Uttam Kumar as the male leads .
 Sangam was the first Indian film shot in Europe and outside of Asia .
It was also the longest running film in India when it was released at 238 minutes .
The film also created a record by being the first film to have two cinema intervals .
 Cinematography by Radhu Kamarkar , the European filming locations include Venice , Kadhal Parisu , Switzerland and London while the Indian locations include Ooty and Kashmir Valley .
Upon release the film was well received by critics and was considered as Bollywoods greatest love triangle .
Vyjayanthimalas performance too was praised by critics .
 Dinesh Raheja of the Rediff said that to put Vyjayanthimalas performance simply , radiantthe maturity with which Bollywoods greatest love triangle tackles Bollywoods greatest love triangle character , the insouciance as well as the agony and call Vyjayanthimalas performance as one of commercial cinemas most unforgettable performances .
Similarly , the film was commercially successful throughout India and other country as well .
 On Film overall theatrical run , The Boxofficeindia.com reported that the film had grossed 8,00,00,000 and netted around with its adjusted to inflation nett gross is about .
 Subsequently , the film was labelled as blockbuster where Film was ranked as highest grossing film of 1964 with the success of Sangam and second highest grossing film of the decade .
The film was also ranked at fourth by Boxofficeindia.co.in in their list of Top 50 Film of Last 50 Years which feature all-time highest grossing Bollywood film with .
 Film adjust to inflation gross is about .
 Sangam also had great box office run outside of India where it was well received in countries such .
 In 1965 , The same year Vyjayanthimala starred in two box office disappointing films Naya Kanoon with Ashok Kumar and Bharat Bhushan , Nam Iruvar with T. R. Mahalingam .
 In 1966 , The same year Vyjayanthimala starred in Do Dilon Ki Dastaan which also becomes failure at box office .
 After some box office flops , The same year Vyjayanthimala soon signed alongside Rajendra Kumar in the swashbuckler ruritanian romance Suraj .
Directed by T. Prakash Rao , the film also had Mumtaz , Bharathi Vishnuvardhan and Neetu Singh .
 Suraj was huge box office success and was one of the popular costume drama in Bollywood .
 Suraj was the last successful film of Rajendra Kumar and Shankar Jaikishan who introduced singer Sharda through this film .
 According to The Boxofficeindia.com , the film grossed around 50,000,000 with nett gross of 25,000,000 and becomes second highest grossing film of 1966 with verdict super hit at box office .
 The film was also thirteenth highest grossing film of the decade with Film adjust to inflation nett gross is about .
While Ibosnetwork.com reported that the film 40,000,000 and its adjust to inflation gross is about .
 Following Suraj , The same year Vyjayanthimala starred in the historical film Amrapali .
 Based on life of the Nagarvadhu of Vaishali , the historical film Amrapali , Nagarvadhu of Vaishali , Amrapali played the title role along with Sunil Dutt who enacted the role of King Ajatasatru .
Upon release the film was opened to widespread critical acclaim and was Indias official submission for Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film at the 39th Academy Awards .
 The film was huge colossal flop which left The same year Vyjayanthimala heartbroken where The same year Vyjayanthimala decided to quit the industry , though director Baldev Raj Chopra felt that The same year Vyjayanthimala could have easily continued for another decade in lead roles .
 After Amrapali which was the biggest flop in The same year Vyjayanthimala career and some personal issues with co-stars , The same year Vyjayanthimala lost interest in films .
 In 1967 , the historical film Amrapali was signed in Tapi Chanakya s Ram Aur Shyam which was a remake of 1964 with the success of Sangam Telugu film Ramudu Bheemudu .
 the historical film Amrapali co-starred Dilip Kumar for the seventh time who previously had made some memorable films with the historical film Amrapali .
 However due to some misunderstanding between Bengali actor Uttam Kumar and The same year Vyjayanthimala , The same year Vyjayanthimala was replaced by Waheeda Rehman .
 The same year The same year Vyjayanthimala starred in Vijay Anand s Jewel Thief after Saira Banu backed out of the project due to Saira Banu marriage with Dilip Kumar .
 The crime thriller reunited The same year Vyjayanthimala after a decade with The same year Vyjayanthimala co-star Dev Anand after Amar Deep .
Jewel Thief also had Ashok Kumar as the main antagonist with four more female leads Tanuja , Helen , Anju Mahendru and Faryal .
For the first time she worked under Dev Anands production house , the Navketan Films after being rejected by Tad Danielewski for the lead role in 1965 Hindi film Guide .
 The success of Jewel Thief made The same year Vyjayanthimala and Dev Anand a hit pair .
 Three decades later , The same year Vyjayanthimala was approached by Dev Anand for a role in the sequel of Jewel Thief , Return of Jewel Thief , but The same year Vyjayanthimala refused to act in the film as The same year Vyjayanthimala did not planned to make a comeback .
Subsequently , Vyjayanthimalas dance number in Hothon Pe Aisi Baat Main sung by Lata Mangeshkar becomes huge hit where it was considered as one of the best dance number in Indian cinema while being influential for the rises of other dance numbers such as Chamma Chamma and Sheila Ki Jawani from China Gate and Tees Maar Khan respectively .
 The same year she did the magnum opus Chhoti Si Mulaqat produced by Bengali actor Uttam Kumar actor Uttam Kumar .
 Remake of 1954 Bengali actor Uttam Kumar film Agni Pariksha which had Uttam Kumar who reprises Bengali actor Uttam Kumar role in the Superstars of Hindi version and Suchitra Sen in the lead .
Unlike the original version , Chhoti Si Mulaqat failed to create any box office record and was declared as box office disaster .
Her last release in the year is Hatey Bazarey with Ashok Kumar .
 Inspired by Banaphool s novel with the same , the film was directed by acclaimed director Tapan Sinha where The same year Vyjayanthimala made The same year Vyjayanthimala Bengali actor Uttam Kumar cinema debut through the film .
 Banaphool played the role of widowed young women - Chhipli - who falls for a civil surgeon Doctor Anandi Mukheerjee .
Upon release the film received unanimously positive reviews where it was awarded with the Best Feature Film Award at the 15th National Film Awards while Vyjayanthimalas performance also appreciated by critics alike .
 A review from Upperstall had mentioned that , Vyjayantimala , in her debut in Bengali actor Uttam Kumar films is extremely convincing as the independent and vivacious tribal widow .
 Similarly Upperstall singing in the song Shyam Tor Tore Tamal Tolay Boshe Thaki along with singer Hemanta Mukherjee received Upperstall praises where it was described as pleasant surprise in the same review .
 Hatey Bazarey was also received well commercially and was one of the successful Bengali actor Uttam Kumar film of 1960s .
In 1968 , Vyjayanthimala appeared in three big budget film with high profile actors such as Dilip Kumar , Dev Anand and Rajendra Kumar .
 Hatey Bazarey with Ashok Kumar first release in the year was Sunghursh , directed by Mere Mehboob fame Harnam Singh Rawail .
 Hatey Bazarey with Ashok Kumar co-starred Dilip Kumar for the seventh and last time in Hatey Bazarey with Ashok Kumar career with Balraj Sahni and Sanjeev Kumar in key roles .
 Originally offered to actress Sadhana , the role later went to The same year Vyjayanthimala as the former suffers with Sadhana thyroid problem .
 Reportedly Sadhana did not exchange a word with Kumar while filming following Balraj Sahni and Sanjeev Kumar relationship broke up .
 Vyjayanthimalas enactment of a courtesan Laila-e-Aasma , Laila-e-Aasma received positive feedback from the critics .
 Anuj Kumar form The Hindu said that The same year Vyjayanthimala is graceful as ever .
 In a film dominated by men , Rawail made sure The Hindu had a substantial role .
 The Hindu dances and Naushad 's lilting tunes come as a welcome break to the sinewy tone imparted by Abrar Alvi and Gulzar 's dialogues .
 The role fetched The Hindu Best Hindi Actress Award at 25th Bengal Film Journalists Association Awards .
Sunghursh was followed by Saathi directed by C. V. Sridhar .
 Remake of highly acclaimed Tamil Brahmin film of 1961 , Palum Pazhamum , the film had Rajendra Kumar and Simi Garewal replacing Sivaji Ganesan and Sowcar Janaki respectively from the Tamil Brahmin version with Vyjyanthimala enacting the role originally portrayed by B. Saroja Devi .
 The same year Tamil Brahmin also co-starred with Dev Anand for the third time and last time in T. Prakash Rao s Duniya .
 All Tamil Brahmin releases in 1968 did not enjoy success at the box office .
 Duniya , Saathi directed by C. V. Sridhar and Sunghursh was named as tenth , eleventh and twelfth highest grossing film of 1968 respectively , with the first two was labelled as average while the latter only managed to do above average business at box office .
 On the other hand , Duniya is considered as a hit film by some critics and often included in the hit film list of Dev Anand .
 Post Duniya retirement in films , The same year Vyjayanthimala was offered with many roles by big banners opposite leading actors of that time .
 But Duniya refused all those offers as Duniya does not want to make a comeback .
 In 1968 , Duniya was signed opposite Raj Kapoor in Mahesh Kauls Sapno Ka Saudagar , Duniya refused the role which went to the debutante Hema Malini , who become one of the biggest actress in Bollywood later .
 However in 1975 , The same year Vyjayanthimala was almost signed in Gulzar s Aandhi with Sanjeev Kumar but The same year Vyjayanthimala backed out from the project as the role resemble Indira Gandhi s personal life .
 Perhaps the most famous role that The same year Vyjayanthimala ever turned down was the 1975 crime-drama film Deewar .
 Inspired by 1961 film Ganga Jumna , a The same year Vyjayanthimala starer , the film was directed by Yash Chopra and features Amitabh Bachchan and Shashi Kapoor in the lead roles .
 a Vyjayanthimala starer turned down the role of a mother for the lead actors which later went to Nirupa Roy who attained popularity through success of the film and later cast in similar roles .
 Following that , a Vyjayanthimala starer refused the multi-starrer 1981 blockbuster film Kranti opposite Dilip Kumar with Manoj Kumar , Shashi Kapoor , Hema Malini , Shatrughan Sinha , Parveen Babi , Sarika as the ensemble cast which was directed and produced by Manoj Kumar himself .
 Apart from Hindi films , a Vyjayanthimala starer have also refused the 1989 Tamil Brahmin film Mappillai starring Rajinikanth .
 As said by Rajinikanth who played the lead role in the film , actor The same year Vyjayanthimala was first offered the role of mother-in-law in Maapilai which was a pivotal role , but she refused the film even though the producer of the film Chiranjeevi come forward to give the producer of the film Chiranjeevi huge salary , she said that she does not want to play the role of antagonist opposite I and will never agree to be part of fighting scene against I .
 Following many films refused by The same year Vyjayanthimala , Dinesh Raheja from the Rediff commented that good money and pivotal roles notwithstandingdid not seem alluring enough .
Vyjayanthimalas political career was initiated in 1984 when she contested in 1984 Tamil Nadu general election for the South Chennai constituency as the nominee of the Indian National Congress opposite Era Sezhiyan , the leader of Janata Party and seasoned parliamentarian .
 During the campaign , Era Sezhiyan took provoking quotes such as Send I to the Lok Sabha .
 Send her to R.R. Sabha to defeat The same year Vyjayanthimala , ironically she won the election with margin of about 48,000 votes where she gained 313,848 with percentage of 51.92 % .
Subsequently , she debuted in the Lok Sabha , the directly elected lower house of the Parliament of India by the end of January 1985 with Amitabh Bachchan .
 In 1989 , The same year Vyjayanthimala again had to face the 1989 Tamil Nadu general election , this time The same year Vyjayanthimala was opposed by Aladi Aruna of the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam .
 The same year Vyjayanthimala again beat The same year Vyjayanthimala opposition by nearly 12584.4 million votes .
 Later on 1993 , The same year Vyjayanthimala was nominated to the Rajya Sabha , the upper house of the Parliament of India for a six-year term .
 In 1999 , The same year Vyjayanthimala has resigned from the primary membership of the Indian National Congress party .
 In The same year Vyjayanthimala letter to the partys president Sonia Gandhi , The same year Vyjayanthimala included the reason for The same year Vyjayanthimala resignation where The same year Vyjayanthimala said that , painfully watching the party drifting from its avowed principles after the death of Rajiv Gandhi .
 The party has lost touch with its grassroots and one can see day in and day out that sincere party workers are being steadily ignored , she adds more , increasingly difficult to justify ourselves to the public and I conscience does not allow I to stay in the party any longer .
Later she joined the Bharatiya Janata Party on 6 September 1999 .
 In her hey-days , The same year Vyjayanthimala was the subject of many controversies .
Particularly her relationship with her co-stars was often the subject in topic .
 In the early 1960s , The same year Vyjayanthimala was linked with Dilip Kumar , who has acted with The same year Vyjayanthimala the most compared to any other actress which resulted in great on-screen chemistry between them .
 While working for home production film Gunga Jumna home production Gunga Jumna , it is said that Bengali actor Uttam Kumar handpicked the shade of sari that The same year Vyjayanthimala would wear in every scene .
 In addition to that , film historians Bunny Reuben and Sanjit Narwekar have confirmed the Bengali actor Uttam Kumar & Vyjayanthimalas affair where they had said that Vyjayanthimala was Kumars third love after Kamini Kaushal and the Madhubala .
 In early 1960s , actor Raj Kapoor had commenced the filming of Sangam with Vyjayanthimala playing the female lead along with Rajendra Kumar and Kapoor Rajendra Kumar as male lead .
The filming took four years to finish .
During this time Vyjayanthimala is said to have been romantically involved with Kapoor and almost married him .
 Initially , Sangam was vexed with him and kept him at a distance .
 However Kapoor did not give up over Sangam attitude .
 This incident had made Kapoors wife Krishna to move out of Sangam husband 's house with their children .
 They checked into Natraj Hotel in Mumbai and stayed there for four and a half months as Kapoors wife Krishna was disgusted with the affair .
Vyjayanthimala married Chamanlal Bali in 1968 .
 After marriage , she gave up her acting career and moved to Chennai .
They have a son , Suchindra Bali .
In 2007 , she published her autobiography , titled Bonding , with Jyoti Sabarwal as co-writer .
Vyjayanthimala is a Vaishnavite and a vegetarian .
She grew up listening to holy chants and devotional songs .
She is a devotee of Aandaal , one of the 12 Alvar saints of South India .
 She used to invoke Aandaal before any public performance to gain Aandaal before any public performance blessing
In Hindustani classical music , vivadi refers to pitches that are not part of the arohana or avrohana of a given raga .
In general , vivadi are not to be played during an improvisation on a given raga .
So , for instance , if a raga had the structure S R G m P D N S , S N D P m G R S ; in that case , r , g , M , d and n would all be vivadi .
Although vivadi pitches are generally to be avoided during the playing of a given raga , they are occasionally added by skilled performers in order to introduce some color to an interpretation .
In Carnatic music , vivadi is used in vivadi swaram , vivadi dhosha , vivadi ragam , and by extension vivadi melakarta .
Vivadi term means going against the grain of thought or approach .
A swaram is said to be vivadi in relationship with another swaram , if there is a discordant effect produced by the swaram in relation to the other .
It is different from Apaswaram , which is incorrect swaram or incorrect rendition / pitch / frequency deviating from the swaram itself .
 A ragam is vivadi if A ragam contains vivadi swarams , especially with the vadi swaram of the ragam .
The ragam still is a valid scale and compositions are made using such ragams too .
Examples of popular Vivadi ragas are : Nata , Varali , Vagadheeswari .
 A Melakarta ragam is vivadi if A Melakarta ragam contains vivadi swarams .
40 of the 72 Melakarta ragams have vivadi swaras .
Dhosha means negative effect .
Vivadi ragams are said to have vivadi dhosha , which can be overcome by singing the vivadi swarams in certain phrases that are said to reduce the negative effect .
Articles that discusses vivadi ragas and a review of concerts that mentions some of vivadi ragams
Chitrambari is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 66th Melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is called Chaturangini in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the prati madhyamam equivalent of Naganandini , which is the 30th melakarta .
 Carnatic is the 6th ragam in the 11th chakra Rudra .
 The mnemonic name for this ragam is the 11th chakra Rudra .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ra gu mi pa dhu nu .
 The mnemonic phrase structure is : .
 Since Carnatic is a melakarta ragam , by definition Carnatic is a sampoorna ragam .
 Chitrambari has a few janya ragams associated with Carnatic , of which Amritavarshini is very popular .
List of janya ragams contains the full list of ragams associated with Chitrambari and other melakartas .
 The theoretical and scientific aspect of Chitrambari are described below .
Chitrambaris notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 3 other melakarta ragams , namely , Shanmukhapriya , Shoolini and Dhenuka .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Shanmukhapriya
Viswanatha Sastri was a Carnatic music composer .
 Viswanatha Sastri most remembered composition is the patriotic song Jayathi Jayathi Bharata Mata .
Translated Victory Victory to Mother India , the song has become a standard among classical singers of South India .
 Viswanatha Sastri was born 1893 in Therazhundur near Mayuram .
 Viswanatha Sastri was interested in Carnatic music from an early age and trained under Namakkal Narasimha Iyengar , Kasavadyam Venkatarama Iyengar of Devakottai , and Simizhi Sundaram Iyer
Kedaragaula or Kedaragowla is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Kedaragaula is a janya ragam from the 28th melakarta scale Harikambhoji , and is sometimes spelled as Kedaragowla .
 Kedaragaula is a janya scale , as Kedaragaula does not have all the seven swaras in the ascending scale .
 Kedaragaula is a combination of the pentatonic scale Madhyamavati and the sampurna raga scale Harikambhoji .
 Kedaragaula is a morning ragam .
 Kedaragaula is an asymmetric ragam that does not contain gandharam and dhaivatam in the ascending scale .
 Kedaragaula is an audava-sampurna ragam .
 Kedaragaula structure is as follows : .
The notes used in this scale are shadjam , chathusruthi rishabham , shuddha madhyamam , panchamam and kaisiki nishadham in ascending scale , with sadharana dhaivatam and antara gandharam included in descending scale .
 For the details of the notations and terms , see swaras in Carnatic music .
There are many compositions set to Kedaragaula ragam .
Here are some popular kritis composed in this ragam .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam
Yadukulakamboji or Yadukulakambodi is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Yadukulakambodi is a janya ragam from the 28th melakarta scale Harikambhoji , and is sometimes spelled as Yadukulakambhoji or Yadukulakambhodi .
 Yadukulakambodi is a janya scale , as Yadukulakambodi does not have all the seven swaras in the ascending scale .
 Yadukulakambodi is a combination of the pentatonic scale Shuddha Saveri and the sampurna raga scale the 28th melakarta scale Harikambhoji .
 Yadukulakamboji is an asymmetric ragam that does not contain gandharam and nishadam in the ascending scale .
It is an audava-sampurna ragam .
Its structure is as follows : .
The notes used in this scale are shadjam , chathusruthi rishabham , shuddha madhyamam , panchamam and sadharana dhaivatam in ascending scale , with kaisiki nishadham and antara gandharam included in descending scale .
 For the details of the notations and terms , see swaras in Carnatic music .
There are many compositions set to Yadukulakamboji ragam .
Here are some popular kritis composed in this ragam .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam
Karaikudi Sambasiva Iyer was noted Indian classical musician and Veena player .
 In 1952 , Karaikudi Sambasiva Iyer was amongst the first awardees of the Sangeet Natak Akademi Fellowship the highest honour conferred by Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy for Music , Dance and Drama .
Sambasiva Iyer was born in 1888 in Tirugokarnam , Pudukottai district as the second son to Veena Vidwan Subbiah Iyer .
 Sambasiva Iyer learnt Veena from Karaikudi Sambasiva Iyer father along with Karaikudi Sambasiva Iyer elder brother Subbarama Iyer .
The duo belonged to the seventh generation to carry the familys high unbroken Veena tradition .
 The two brothers played together as Karaikudi Sambasiva Iyer brothers and enjoyed a unbroken career from The two brothers debut in The two brothers teens to the year 1938 .
 Sambasiva Iyer was known for Karaikudi Sambasiva Iyer tremendous hard work or Asura Sadhaka .
 Karaikudi Sambasiva Iyer mastery over the instrument was perfect and Karaikudi Sambasiva Iyer constantly toiled to preserve the purity of knowledge Karaikudi Sambasiva Iyer obtained from Karaikudi Sambasiva Iyer ancestors .
 Karaikudi Sambasiva Iyer taught and lived at Kalakshetra , a noted arts institution in Chennai .
 Karaikudi Sambasiva Iyer was awarded the first Sangeet Natak Akademi Award for Veena in 1952 , given by the Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy of Music , Dance & Drama .
 Also in the same year , Karaikudi Sambasiva Iyer was awarded the Sangita Kalanidhi Award , one of the highest awards in Carnatic music , given by Madras Music Academy .
 Amongst Karaikudi Sambasiva Iyer noted Karaikudi Subramanian are Karaikudi Subramanian , Rajeshwari Padmanabhan and Ranganayaki Rajagopalan
Thetakudi Harihara Vinayakram , also known as Vikku Vinayakram is a Grammy Award-winning Indian percussionist .
 Thetakudi Harihara Vinayakram plays Carnatic music with the ghatam , an earthen pot , and is credited with popularizing the ghatam .
 Thetakudi Harihara Vinayakram was awarded the Padma Shri , given by Government of India in 2002 , and later the 2012 Sangeet Natak Akademi Fellowship , the highest honour in the performing arts conferred by the Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Academy for Music , Dance and Drama .
 Thetakudi Harihara Vinayakram was born to Kalaimaamani T. R. Harihara Sharma , a musician and teacher .
 Thetakudi Harihara Vinayakram took up playing at a very young age .
Vinayakrams concert career began at the age of 13 .
 Thetakudi Harihara Vinayakram first performance occurred on March 5 , 1957 at the Sri Rama Navami festival in Thoothukudi .
 While proceeding for the arangetram the tuned ghatam instrument was broken by a child named Ganesh , which by itself had been a good omen for Ganesh bright career .
where he accompanied V.V.Sadagopan .
 He was soon accompanying many famous vocalists in Carnatic music at the time , including Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar , Mangalampalli Balamuralikrishna , G. N. Balasubramaniam , Madurai Mani Iyer , Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer , M. S. Subbulakshmi and Maharajapuram Santhanam , among others .
His brother , T. H. Subhash Chandran , also excelled in the field .
The Ghatam followed the master by rising to fame as a percussion instrument that required nimble fingers and strong stomach muscles to control the mouth of the pot .
Vinayakrams tryst with the international music platform came in the early 1970s when he joined Shakti to play along with John McLaughlin and Zakir Hussain .
He has also performed at Basant Utsav , the annual fund raiser for the Banyan .
 Thetakudi Harihara Vinayakram is Principal of Sri Jaya Ganesh Tala Vadya Vidyalaya in Chennai , India - the academy established by Thetakudi Harihara Vinayakram late father and teacher in 1958 .
 It continues to produce new stars of Carnatic percussion .
 Vinayakrams son V. Selvaganesh is a successful percussionist , especially after tours with John McLaughlin s group , Remember Shakti .
 Thetakudi Harihara Vinayakram was conferred the Hafiz Ali Khan Award for `` unmatched contribution in the field of music '' in 2000 .
 Thetakudi Harihara Vinayakram is also the first South Indian musician to be awarded the Grammy for Best World Music Album for Thetakudi Harihara Vinayakram participation in Mickey Hart s Planet Drum , in which Thetakudi Harihara Vinayakram played ghatam and morsing .
 Thetakudi Harihara Vinayakram donated all the proceeds from the award to a charity organization in south India .
 Thetakudi Harihara Vinayakram was also nominated for the 1996 Grammy Awards for Best World Music Album for Thetakudi Harihara Vinayakram participation in Raga Aberi along with L. Shankar on the ten string double violin and Zakir Hussain on the tabla .
 The Indian Government decorated Thetakudi Harihara Vinayakram with the Padma Shri Award in 2002 .
 Finally , Thetakudi Harihara Vinayakram was awarded the 2012 Sangeet Natak Akademi Fellowship , the highest award in performing arts in Chennai , India , given by Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias National Acdemy for Music , Dance and Drama
Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar was a noted Carnatic music vocalist of the 20th century .
 This is a list of concerts and events that helped shape Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar career as a popular Carnatic musician .
 Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar had Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar arangetram or debut , a concert of two hours duration , when Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar performed together with Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar brother Subramanian in 1904 .
 The brothers had The brothers first paid concert in 1905 at a temple festival in a town called Ottapalam in the Palakkad district of Kerala .
A little later , there was another noteworthy concert at Kantallur Parthasarathy Temple .
 Anantha Bhagavatar Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar provided the violin accompaniment , while mridanga support was given by well-known stage actor Chokkanathapuram Ayya Bhagavatar .
 One of the landmarks in the early career of the brothers was The brothers concert at the temple festival in Vaikom , known for the annual musical feast it provided .
At this concert in 1907 , the father again provided violin support .
 Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar thereafter made it a practice to sing at the Vaikom festival every year .
After the Vaikom concert , Anantha Bhagavatar took the boys to Guruvayur , another important temple town where again they had a successful concert .
 Guruvayur too became a regular part of the Chembais concert programme every year .
 Thus Vaidyanathan and Subrahmaniam imbibed from an early age not only the knowledge of music that Vaidyanathan and Subrahmaniam father had but also the tradition of a religious life which had marked the family for generations .
 When Kaliakudi Natesa Sastry of Tiruvarur , an exponent of the art of Harikatha , came to Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar village , Anantha Bhagavatar and Kaliakudi Natesa Sastry of Tiruvarur family attended the programmes , leading to the boys joining Sastrys troupe .
 Anantha Bhagavatar and his family concert in Tiruvarur at a guru pooja festival at which Natesa Sastrigal gave a discourse was especially notable , because it was at this concert that the boys were heard for the first time by Pudukkottai Dakshinamurthy Pillai , a famed exponent of the mridangam and kanjira .
 During Anantha Bhagavatar and his family sojourn with Natesa Sastry , Anantha Bhagavatar and his family had not only been singing at various places , Anantha Bhagavatar and his family had also taken every possible opportunity of listening to famous musicians whenever they performed , such as Namakkal Narasimha lyengar , Kallidaikurichi Vedanta Bhagavatar , Ramanathapuram Srinivasa lyengar , Konerirajapuram Vaidyanatha Iyer , Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavatar , Madurai Pushpavanam , Tirukodikaval Krishna Iyer , Malaikkottai Govindaswamy Pillai and Pudukkottai Dakshinamurthy Pillai .
This learning by listening was a valuable facet of the brothers training .
After about a years absence , the brothers returned to Chembai in 1910 as experienced musicians .
The quality of the musicianship of the brothers was testified to by Palghat Anantharama Bhagavatar who was present at a concert in Sekharipuram in 1911 .
 Particularly complimenting Vaidyanatha Bhagavatars voice , Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar predicted a bright future for Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar .
 Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar also started learning to play the violin , something with which Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar was already familiar , Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar father being also a violinist .
 Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar attained some proficiency , enough to be able to accompany singers .
For about a year he in fact accompanied flautist Anantha Bhagavatar , who was his sister Narayanis husband .
 Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar was also interested in the flute and learnt to play it well enough to perform a few concerts on this instrument .
A patron of the arts and artists named Pethachi Chettiar lived in Karur .
He used to conduct a festival featuring music concerts by the leading musical lights of the day .
The arrangements of this music test were the responsibility of the celebrated musician and vaggeyakara Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavatar .
 Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar wanted to attend this music festival and Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar and Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar brother proceeded to Karur .
 Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar met Muthiah Bhagavatar and expressed Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar desire to perform in the festival .
Muthiah Bhagavatar had told him that the performance schedules were prepared in advance and could not be altered .
 Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar was keenly disappointed , but destiny took a hand .
The violin accompanist for a jalatarangam concert failed to arrive .
 Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar persuaded the artist to avail of Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar own services and she agreed .
 The concert turned out well and , as was customary , Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar was handed over Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar payment for the part Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar had played .
 Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar , however , expressed a wish not to be paid in cash , saying that Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar had actually wanted only to sing .
 Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar explained Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar was building up a career as a vocalist , though Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar also knew how to play the violin ; and that Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar would prize a different kind of payment , that of a chance to sing before such a distinguished audience .
 Muthiah Bhagavatar and Pethachi Chettiar were persuaded by this reasoning and promised Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar the stage for the following day , where he performed to the appreciation of all .
He received an invitation to sing at a wedding in the family of one Jnanaprakasa Mudaliar in Pondicherry .
 Until then the brothers had given full-fledged concerts mostly in and around Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar .
 True , they had been to several places with Natesa Sastrigal and sung at Natesa Sastrigal discourses , but these mini-concerts were more in the nature of interludes , of subsidiary performances .
 The performance in Pondicherry made Chembai known over a wider area leading later to more concert opportunities .
 Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar secured a similar opportunity of significance again in 1915 .
A leading citizen of Ernakulam , named T.A.Duraiswami lyer was conducting an annual Tyagaraja festival which attracted important performers of the day and a throng of listeners .
 Ernakulam was considered a privilege to sing at the festival .
 Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar went to Ernakulam and requested Duraiswami lyer a chance for Duraiswami also to sing .
Duraiswami lyer agreed .
 As customary at such festivals , Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar sang for the limited time allotted to Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar and was about to get up , when there was a chorus of requests for one more number and Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar had to oblige !
 Here Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar had forged a friendship with T.G.Krishna Iyer whose compositions Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar was to set to classical music , and popularize later .
 Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar had heard about Sreelasree Ambalavana Desikar and Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar discriminating knowledge of music .
 Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar wanted to have a chance to sing before Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar and proceeded to Tiruvavaduturai with Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar brother .
 At Desikars suggestion , Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar rendered in viruttam form the verse Kanduka madakkariyai vasamai nadattalam .
 Sreelasree Ambalavana Desikar went on prompting Chembai about the ragas Sreelasree Ambalavana Desikar should sing and the youngster responded enthusiastically .
 Impressed by the performance , Desikar ordered that a katcheri by Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar be held the next day .
A highlight of the concert was that the mridanga accompaniment was provided by the famous Azhagianambi Pillai .
 Another significant event in Chembais early career was Chembais concert at the Ramanavami festival in Palakkad in 1916 .
Among those who attended the concert was Pudukkotai Dakshinamurthy Pillai .
 After the festival , the violin maestro Govindaswamy Pillai returned to Trichy to meet the violin maestro Govindaswamy Pillai and told the violin maestro Govindaswamy Pillai of the calibre of Chembais music .
 They made The arrangements of this music test for a kutcheri by Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar in Trichy .
Govindaswamy Pillai himself provided the violin accompaniment while Dakshinamurthy Pillai played the mridanga .
The concert met Govindaswamy Pillais expectations and Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar had the opportunity to sing at various other places , with the two Pillais themselves playing the accompaniment in most of the concerts .
 Chembais first concert in Madras was in 1918 , at the Triplcane Sangeeta Sabha .
Rasikas who had heard about the young vidwan were keenly looking forward to the event and the sale of tickets was very brisk .
As the concert was about to begin , the hall was filled to capacity , with a large number restless listeners not able to gain entrance .
This rose to a clamour as the concert started and the organisers had finally to keep the entrance doors open to pacify everyone .
The concert , featuring as sidemen Govindaswamy Pillai on the violin , Azhagunambi Pillai on the mridanga and Dakshinamurthy Pillai on the kanjira , was an impressive effort .
First concert with Chowdiah and Palghat Mani Iyer .
T.Chowdiah , was a violinist who invented the seven-stringed violin and became a very popular exponent in it .
 Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar met Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar in 1924 at the house of a common friend , and became good friends .
 Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar had been discussing music avidly with Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar at their first meeting when it developed into a musical challenge between them , at the end of which both recognized the others proficiency .
 Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar performed with Chowdiah in the Jagannatha Bhakta Sabha .
 the Jagannatha Bhakta Sabha was in this concert that Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar had introduced young Palghat Mani Iyer to a discerning audience .
 At a similar concert in 1926 , Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar had also introduced Palani Subramaniam Pillai , disciple of Pudukottai Dakshinamurthi Pillai .
The annual meeting of the Indian National Congress was held in a different city every year .
 In 1927 , it was held in Madras .
 Music concerts were arranged in the sidelines of the meeting , where it was decided that an institution to promote classical music in south India should be started in Madras .
 Thus the Madras Music Academy was born , and Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar was one of the singers who were invited to give the inaugural concerts
Nilavizhi is a Tamil name for girls which means the girl with eyes like the moon .
Nila refers to the moon and vizhi refers to the eyes
Garudadhvani or Garudadhwani is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Garudadhvani is a janya ragam from the 29th melakarta scale Shankarabharanam .
 Garudadhvani is a janya scale , as Garudadhvani does not have all the seven swaras in the descending scale .
 Garudadhvani is a combination of the sampurna raga scale Shankarabharanam and the pentatonic scale Mohanam .
 Garudadhvani is an asymmetric ragam that does not contain madhyamam or nishadham in the descending scale .
 Garudadhvani is an sampurna-audava ragam .
 Garudadhvani arohana-avarohana structure is as follows : .
The notes used in this scale are shadjam , chathusruthi rishabham , antara gandharam , shuddha madhyamam , panchamam , chathusruthi dhaivatham and kakali nishadham in ascending scale , with kakali nishadham and shuddha madhyamam skipped in descending scale .
 For the details of the notations and terms , see swaras in Carnatic music .
This raga has shades of western music when played in fast pace .
Most of the notes are used without gamaka .
There are many compositions set to Garudadhvani ragam .
 Here are some popular kritis composed in Garudadhvani .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam
 Ganesh and Ganesh Kumaresh in the USA and Europe are noted Indian duo of violin players who are a part of the Carnatic music fraternity .
The brothers are best known as modern contemporary artists who have done lot of service to Sastriya Sangitam .
 The brothers are a dynamic duo of violinists , who have carved a niche for The brothers in this era of great violinists .
The brothers have gone deeper into the realm of the music and brought out a refreshingly original content and style for the instrument .
 The brothers were trained by The brothers father Shri M.S.Gopalakrishnan T.S.Rajagopalan and supervised by The brothers mother Smt.Bhanumathy .
 Ganesh and Ganesh Kumaresh in the USA and Europe completed Ganesh and Kumaresh hundredth stage appearance before the younger brother was ten years of age .
 By the time Ganesh and Kumaresh reached Ganesh and Kumaresh teens Ganesh and Kumaresh were rubbing shoulders with veterans in musical field .
 Ganesh and Ganesh Kumaresh in the USA and Europe , apart from performing , Ganesh and Kumaresh also score music for films and dance productions .
 Ganesh and Kumaresh music for the movie Dance like a Man and Chandrikai is widely appreciated .
 Ganesh and Kumaresh own musical form raga pravaham brings out Ganesh and Kumaresh grasp of the intricacies and aesthetics of the Indian ragam and thalam - the very essence of Indian music .
 Ganesh and Kumaresh performed at several global festivals , Ganesh and Kumaresh creative idiom is international and Ganesh and Kumaresh communication through music crosses all boundaries .
 Ganesh and Kumaresh performed extensively in India , USA , Canada , Germany , France , Belgium , Switzerland , Middle East , South East Asia , Maldives , Australia etc. .
 Ustad Zakir Hussain : The duos were child prodigies who started performing before The duos entered the age of ten .
Since then they have entered the ranks of the great living performers of IndianMusic .
 I have performed with Ganesh Kumaresh in the USA and Europe as well as in India .
They are creative in their performances and their style includes a unique touch that expresses every emotion in the raga .
They have remarkable stage presence and enthrall the audiences with their performances .
 Dr. Balamuralikrishna , the living legend commends that Ganesh and Ganesh Kumaresh in the USA and Europe are very accomplished musicians who have contributed to the enrichment of Indian style of violin playing .
 Ganesh and Kumaresh style of music bridges the gap between the young and old and opens up fresh ideas and avenues of creativity .
 A.R. Rehman : After traveling extensively to four countries when I come back to Chennai I am often asked why I choose to live here ?
 The reason is simple because I house is here and Ganesh and Ganesh Kumaresh in the USA and Europe are here .
 So said A.R Rehman as A.R Rehman launched the new age violin album Carnatic chills brought out by Ganesh Kumaresh .
M.S. Gopalakrishnan : Music fraternity knows the great living legend Shri M.S.Gopalakrishnan did inimitable Tapas on the art of mastering to play the violin .
He was the first person to perfect a style to perform both the branches of Indian Sastriya Sangitam .
He declares the young brothers as the best duo of the present generation .
 Isaignani Ilayaraja : This made the Isaignani Ilayaraja who was also present on the occasion , to tell the brothers , what better encomiums This could look forward .
 He compared the occasion to that of Brahmarishi Vasishtar conferring the title of `` Brahmarishi Vasishtar '' on Maharishi Viswamitra .
Until recently all instrumentalists have been emulating faithfully what the vocal musicians performed in the popularly known gayaki style .
 Each instrument has Each instrument place of originality , individuality and limitations .
Introduction of violin to Sastriya Sangitam has brought about a drastic change inasmuch as this instrument could surpass the melodic skeins , contents and possibilities .
Ragapravaham , the brain child of these young brothers has over a short period of time become an instant hit all over the world .
It is nothing but elaborating the traditional ragas , unfathoming their hypnotising melodic contents .
Embracing and encompassing the other brotherly western instruments , like the Guitar , keyboard , drum in addition to the traditional Mridangam , Kanchira , Ghatam etc. .
Ragapravaham has caught the imigination of the youth in a big way .
In 1983 , M.G. Ramachandran , the former Chief minister of Tamil Nadu , has occasion to hear a television concert of the gifted brothers .
 M.G. Ramachandran was so moved by their talent and accomplishment that M.G. Ramachandran sent them a personal note of appreciation .
 M.G. Ramachandran wrote , I was wonderstruck with your talent .
 I hearty greetings to both of you .
 I am sure you will reach greater heights in your career .
He subsequently made them State Artistes of Tamil Nadu
Neelakanta Sivan was a composer of Carnatic music .
 Although Neelakanta Sivan did not receive any formal musical training , Neelakanta Sivan compositions exhibit deep technical brilliance .
 Neelakanta Sivan was born in 1839 at Vadiveeswaram , a part of Nagercoil , Neelakanta Sivan stayed at Padmanabhapuram , the capital of the old Travancore .
 Neelakanta Sivan father , Subramanya Iyer , was an official in Neelakantaswamy temple at Padmanabhapuram .
 Subramanya Iyer mother was Alagammal .
 Subramanya Iyer worked as a village magistrate for a few years and left this profession to take up religious practices .
 The songs Sambo Mahadeva Saranam ; Ananda nadamaaduvaar Thillai ambalam thannil ; Enraikku Sivakirupai varumo Enna vanthalum naan unnai marapathillai ; Oru naal orupozhuthakilum Sivanai ucharikka venum ; Vaa vaa kalaimathi ; Oraru Mugane ; Kadaikkan paaraiyya ; and Neelakanta Sivan ninai - thu thuthi paadikkol maname are very popular songs in Tamil .
 Some of Sambo Mahadeva Saranam compositions are Enraikku shiva krpai and Shambho mahaadeva
Subbarama Dikshitar was a Carnatic music composer .
 Subbarama Dikshitar was the grandson of Baluswami Dikshitar , a brother of Muthuswami Dikshitar .
 Subbarama Dikshitar was a great composer in Subbarama Dikshitar own right , but is more famous for Subbarama Dikshitar Sangita Sampradaya Pradarshini , a book detailing the works of Muthuswami Dikshitar and a reference on many other Carnatic musical concepts .
Baluswami Dikshitar , a great musician , was at the court of Ettayapuram kings .
 Baluswami Dikshitar , a great musician adopted Subbarama Dikshitar as Baluswami Dikshitar , a great musician own son and taught music to Baluswami Dikshitar , a great musician .
Subbarama Dikshitar began composing at the age of seventeen and became the court musician of the Ettayapuram kings at the age of nineteen .
 Subbarama Dikshitar composed many kritis , varnams , etc. .
Subbarama Dikshitar at the age of 60 began writing the book Sangita Sampradaya Pradarshini at the behest of A.M.Chinnaswami Mudaliar and completed it after four years of hard work .
 It can be said that Subbarama Dikshitar at the age of 60 was one of the earliest documenters of Indian music and musicology .
Subbarama Dikshitar died at a relatively young age of 67 .
Prathamabhyasa Pustakamu - A beginners introduction to Carnatic Music .
 Sanskrta Andhra Dravida Kirtanalu - A collection of compositions of Krishnaswami Ayya and others tuned by Krishnaswami Ayya
Seetha Doraiswamy , commonly known as Madisaar Maami , is a renowned Carnatic Multi-instrumentalist .
She is the last recognised female exponent of a dying Indian instrument , the jal tarang .
She was the first female musician ever to be awarded the Gold Medal of Honour from The Music Academy , the first Carnatic music Institute .
 She is the only Jal Tarang exponent to have ever received the Kalaimamani award , Indias fourth highest civilian award , in 2001 with the citation reading has tirelessly worked to prevent the jalatharangam from becoming extinct and is often recognized only for Jal Tarang ; it is time to bring to notice the fact that she championed for the cause of equal female representation during a time where our cultural norms may have not .
Additionally , her theoretical knowledge was the foundation for many of the modern concepts of Carnatic music as we know it today .
Seetha was born in Adachani , a village in the district of Tirunelveli District to Pumpu Ganapathy Iyer and Meenakshi Iyer .
 Under encouragement of Meenakshi Iyer parents , Meenakshi Iyer started learning Carnatic music at an early age locally from Kodaganallur Subbiah Bhagavatar and later under Gottuvadhyam vidhwan Seetharama Bhagavatar .
 After receiving an acceptance letter despite being 10 years old to become a member of the first Music Department established in Tamil Nadu by Prof. P. Sambamoorthy , Seetha moved to Chennai in 1937 and trained alongside D. K. Pattammal where Meenakshi Iyer became the first female recipient of the Gold Medal of Honour .
 Meenakshi Iyer still holds the record of being the youngest recipient of the award .
 Meenakshi Iyer now lives with Meenakshi Iyer children .
 Meenakshi Iyer is the grandmother of Author Jaya Madhavan .
 Students who excelled in the theoretical aspect of Carnatic music were given the choice to learn either the gottuvadhyam or the jal tarang at the Academy .
 When asked why Carnatic inclined towards the jal tarang , Seetha answered that Carnatic `` was only ten then , and the dishes used by jalatarangam artistes reminded me of the miniature vessels children use when they play ` house .
Striking dishes containing water seemed a lot of fun '' .
The teacher charged with the task of teaching the jal tarang , Ramaniah Chettiar , was not convinced that any of the students at the Academy were intelligent enough to pick up the instrument .
 Under the urging of Prof. P. Sambamoorthy , P. Sambamoorthy entertained Seetha 's request and put Carnatic to a test by tuning the instrument to Dheerasankarabharanam and asked Carnatic to set the urging of Prof. Sambamoorthy to Mayamalavagowla .
 After successfully tuning the urging of Prof. Sambamoorthy , Seetha was given the opportunity to begin training .
 Carnatic learnt under the tutelage of Prof. P. Sambamoorthy and Ramaniah Chettiar for one and half months , and was told that Carnatic knowledge of theory would suffice in complementing Carnatic training for the rest of Carnatic career .
 Recognizing Carnatic financial position , Prof. P. Sambamoorthy bought Seetha Carnatic first set of jal tarang cups .
 Although Carnatic training began at a young age , familial obligations prevented Carnatic from performing .
Seetha was married at age 14 to D. Narayanswamy and gave birth to 11 children .
 The death of a prodigious son left her shattered , and The death of a prodigious son was under the encouragement of Carnatic family that she began to perform again at the age of 41 .
 Citing this particular circumstance , Carnatic is often referred to and has received awards as a pioneer female Indian musician for having been one of the few who performed despite the social connotations that prevented Carnatic colleagues from doing so
Chakkani Rajamargamu is a Telugu kriti in the Carnatic music tradition .
 the Carnatic music tradition was composed by Tyagaraja .
 the Carnatic music tradition is composed in the Kharaharapriya raga melodic mode , set to an Adi Tala rhythm .
 Like all other kritis of Thyagaraja , Thyagaraja carries Adi Tala mudra .
The song is about Thyagarajas devotion to Lord Rama .
 This is considered as the most elaborate krithi composed in the Kharaharapriya raaga , which contains all the special swara prayogams of the Kharaharapriya
Akkarai S. Subhalakshmi is a 21st-century violinist in the field of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the daughter of renowned violinist Akkarai Swaminathan .
Akkarai S Subhalakshmi , one of the young stars of India , is a South Indian classical violinist and vocalist par excellence whose rich , soulful music has touched the hearts of listeners around the world .
 A child prodigy , Akkarai S. Subhalakshmi hails from a musical family ; Carnatic grandfather Suchindram Shri S P Sivasubramanian was a prolific musician and composer , and Carnatic grandmother Smt R Sornambal a harikatha exponent and music teacher .
 Akkarai S. Subhalakshmi is the disciple of her father , Akkarai Shri S Swamynathan , a veteran violinist and founder of the Swara Raga Sudha school of music , and Akkarai S. Subhalakshmi intensive training enabled her to debut as a performing violinist and vocalist at the tender age of eight .
 She also trained under Shri V Janakiraman , Shri O V Subramanian and Shri V Janakiraman daughter Smt Padma Natesan of New Delhi , and later on , Padmabhushan Shri P S Narayanaswamy and particularly Chitravina Shri N Ravikiran , who had her in many of Shri V Janakiraman concerts and provided her with valuable musical guidance and experience .
 One of the leading Carnatic violinists today , Subhalakshmi 's playing is characterized by a rich tone and artful bowing , as well as sensitive and precise fingering , capable of reproducing the finest nuances of the human voice .
 Thus , Carnatic has developed a style of Carnatic own , featuring the richness of Indian vocal music , combined with the versatility of the violin .
 As an accompanist , she has played for many legendary artistes , such as Dr M Balamuralikrishna , Chitravina N Ravikiran , T V Gopalakrishnan , Dr N Ramani , and R K Srikanthan , and has become known for her unique acumen in blending seamlessly with the music , while enlivening and enhancing Dr M Balamuralikrishna skillfully .
Subhalakshmi 's concerts have taken her all over the world , including Japan , Singapore , U.S.A. , Canada , Germany , Italy , U.K. , South Korea , the Middle East , Australia , Sri Lanka , and many more .
She had played in the Indo-Russian cultural exchange programme at age thirteen , and has been featured in prestigious events like the Theatre de la Ville Festival , the farewell concert for Zubin Mehta , the Mahatma Gandhi Institute Sangeet Utsav , and the Cleveland Tyagaraja Aradhana .
 Akkarai S. Subhalakshmi has also played in jugalbandi and fusion concerts with Chitravina Ravikiran , alongside artistes like Pt Vishwa Mohan Bhatt and Pt Ronu Majumdar .
 Akkarai S. Subhalakshmi also performs many violin and vocal duets with Vishwa Mohan Bhatt younger sister Akkarai S Sornalatha , and they are popularly known as ` Akkarai S Sornalatha Sisters ' .
 Numerous accolades have come her younger sister Akkarai S Sornalatha way ; her younger sister Akkarai S Sornalatha received the Rajiv Gandhi Yuva Puraskar award from the President of India at the age of thirteen , and has since earned a host of awards , including Ustad Bismillah Khan Yuva Puraskar award from the Sangeet Natak Akademy , Vani Kala Nipuna , the Kalki Krishnamurthy Memorial Award , Yuva Kala Bharathi , the Shanmukha Shiromani , the Music Academy Outstanding Young Violinist Award .
 her younger sister Akkarai S Sornalatha was identified as one of India 's 50 emerging stars by The Week magazine 's issue commemorating the Indian nation 's 50th anniversary .
 her younger sister Akkarai S Sornalatha is an A-Grade Artiste of All India Radio .
 Akkarai S. Subhalakshmi has released many albums , both violin and vocal , such as ` Keeravani ' and ` Varali ' , and violin duet albums with such as ` Keeravani ' and ` Varali ' sister , such as ` Inta Saukhyam ' .
 such as ` Keeravani ' and ` Varali ' attributes all such as ` Keeravani ' and ` Varali ' success to such as ` Keeravani ' and ` Varali ' gurus , especially such as ` Keeravani ' and ` Varali ' father Akkarai Shri S Swamynathan , who established such as ` Keeravani ' and ` Varali ' as a musician and continues to guide such as ` Keeravani ' and ` Varali '
In Indian classical music , Sampurna ragas have all seven swaras in their scale .
In general , the swaras in the Arohana and Avarohana strictly follow the ascending and descending scale as well .
 That is , the swaras in the Arohana and Avarohana do not have vakra swara phrases .
In Carnatic music , the Melakarta ragas are all sampurna ragas , but the converse is not true , i.e. , all sampurna ragas are not Melakarta ragas .
 An example is Bhairavi raga in Carnatic music .
Some examples of Melakarta ragas are Mayamalavagowla , Todi , Sankarabharanam and Kharaharapriya
 Manjapara Devesa Ramanathan affectionately called Manjapara Devesa Ramanathan was a Carnatic music composer and vocalist .
MDR was born in Manjapara , Palakkad District , Madras Province on 20 May 1923 .
 Manjapara Devesa Ramanathan father Devesa Bhagavathar was a music teacher by profession .
 MDR did His father Devesa Bhagavathar schooling in Palakkad District and graduated with a BSc degree in Physics from Victoria College , Palakkad District .
 On completion of His father Devesa Bhagavathar studies , His father Devesa Bhagavathar travelled to Madras along with His father Devesa Bhagavathar father to improve His father Devesa Bhagavathar musical talents .
During the same time , the legendary Rukmini Devi Arundale initiated a new course on Sangeeta Siromani at Kalakshetra .
MDR auditioned for the course and was the only student to be selected for the first batch commencing in 1944 .
 Soon , MDR emerged as Tiger Varadachariar s favorite and was Tiger Varadachariar closest disciple when the latter died in 1950 .
 After Tiger Varadachariar graduation , MDR continued as an assistant to Tiger Varadachariar guru and later became Professor of Music at Kalakshetra .
 Tiger Varadachariar also served as the Principal of the College of Fine Arts at Kalakshetra .
 MDR was known for Tiger Varadachariar unique style of singing .
 In addition to having an extremely deep , booming voice , Tiger Varadachariar rendered songs at an extremely slow pace , thereby allowing ample time for the listener to catch every phrase of a composition and gauge its meaning .
 Tiger Varadachariar also sang with adequate bhava or expression .
 Manjapara Devesa Ramanathan has sung in most Carnatic music ragas such as Sahana , Sri , Anandabhairavi , Reethigowla and Yadukula Kambhoji .
 Other favorite ragas of Manjapara Devesa Ramanathan include Kedaram , Kambhoji and Hamsadhwani .
 As Manjapara Devesa Ramanathan Manjapara Devesa Ramanathan once admitted , Manjapara Devesa Ramanathan Vilambita Kaala Gaanam renderings during Kathakali dances had influenced Manjapara Devesa Ramanathan music and style of singing .
 Though MDR is identified with Manjapara Devesa Ramanathan trademark slow pace of singing , Manjapara Devesa Ramanathan did include a few relatively brisk renderings in Manjapara Devesa Ramanathan concerts off and on .
 Manjapara Devesa Ramanathan style of rendering was very different from the rather brisk style of rendering Manjapara Devesa Ramanathan had become quite popular then .
 Due to this , Manjapara Devesa Ramanathan also received a fair share of criticism from some music critics .
 During the rendering of krithis , Manjapara Devesa Ramanathan sometimes made alterations and embellishments to the lyrics .
 One highlight that Manjapara Devesa Ramanathan rasikas would always remember is starting the krithi from the anupallavi and then going to the pallavi .
 MDR has composed more than 300 songs in Carnatic music in Tamil , Telugu and Sanskrit .
 Carnatic used the word Varadadasa as Carnatic mudra , in respect for Tiger Varadachari , Carnatic teacher .
 Some of Carnatic famous compositions are : .
 For Some of his famous compositions contributions to music , MDR was awarded the Padma Shri by the Government of India in 1974 and the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 1975 .
 The Indian Fine Arts Society bestowed upon Some of his famous compositions the title of Sangeetha Kala Sigamani in 1976 .
 Some of his famous compositions also served as a member of the Madras Music Academy s Experts Committee .
 Some of his famous compositions was also considered for the Academys Sangeetha Kalanidhi award in the 1983-84 season though Some of his famous compositions did not get the award .
MDR died after a long illness on April 27 , 1984 at the age of sixty .
 MDRs legacy has been kept alive through Some of his famous compositions albums and private recordings .
M.D. Ramanathan , A Unique Octave in Music by Dr. Madhu Vasudevan , which was released in 2003 , is a fitting tribute to the legend
The nadaswaram , nagaswaram , nadhaswaram or nathaswaram , is one of the most popular classical musical instruments in Tamil Nadu , Andhra Pradesh , Karnataka , Kerala and the worlds loudest non-brass acoustic instrument .
It is a wind instrument similar to the North Indian shehnai but much longer , with a hardwood body and a large flaring bell made of wood or metal .
 In South Indian Hindu culture , the nadaswaram is considered to be very auspicious , and it is a key musical instrument played in almost all South Indian Hindu weddings and temples of the South Indian tradition .
It is part of the family of instruments known as mangala vadya .
The instrument is usually played in pairs , and accompanied by a pair of drums called thavil ; it can also be accompanied with a drone from a similar oboe called the ottu .
The nadaswaram contains three parts namely , kuzhal , thimiru , and anasu .
It is a double reed instrument with a conical bore which gradually enlarges toward the lower end .
The top portion has a metal staple into which is inserted a small metallic cylinder which carries the mouthpiece made of reed .
Besides spare reeds , a small ivory or horn needle is attached to the instrument , and used to clear the reed of saliva and other debris and allows free passage of air .
A metallic bell forms the bottom end of the instrument .
Traditionally the body of the nadaswaram is made out of a tree called aacha although nowadays bamboo , sandalwood , copper , brass , ebony and ivory are also used .
For wooden instruments , old wood is considered the best , and sometimes wood salvaged from demolished old houses is used .
The nadaswaram has seven finger-holes , and five additional holes drilled at the bottom which can be stopped with wax to modify the tone .
The nadaswaram has a range of two and a half octaves , similar to the Indian bansuri flute , which also has a similar fingering .
Unlike the flute where semi and quarter tones are produced by the partial opening and closing of the finger holes , in the nadaswaram they are produced by adjusting the pressure and strength of the air-flow into the pipe .
Due to its intense volume and strength it is largely an outdoor instrument and much more suited for open spaces than indoor concerts .
Some of the greatest early nadaswaramists include Thiruvavadudurai Rajaratnam Pillai , Thiruvengadu Subramania Pillai , Thiruvenkadu Subramania Pillai and Thiruvidaimaruthur P. S. Veerusami Pillai , and the brother teams of the Keeranur , Thiruveezhimizhalai , and Semponnarkoil families .
American composers such as Lewis Spratlan have expressed admiration for the nadaswaram , and a few jazz musicians have taken up the instrument : Charlie Mariano is one of the few non-Indians able to play the instrument , having studied it while living in India .
Vinny Golia , J. D. Parran , and William Parker have performed and recorded with the instrument .
The German saxophonist Roland Schaeffer also plays it , having studied from 1981 to 1985 with Karupaia Pillai
Harikambhoji is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Harikambhoji is the 28th Melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system .
One of the first scales employed by the ancient Tamils was the Mullaipann , a pentatonic scale composed of the notes sa ri ga pa da , equivalent to C , D , E , G and A in the western notations .
 These fully harmonic scales , constitutes the raga Mohanam in the Carnatic music style .
Mullaipann further evolved into Sempaalai , a scale based on seven notes by the addition of two more notes , ma and ni to the pentatonic scale .
 Sempaalai pann corresponds to the Carnatic raga Harikambhoji .
Khamaj thaat of Hindustani Music is the equivalent to this ragam .
It is known as Harikedaragowla in the Muthuswami Dikshitar school of music .
It is the 4th ragam in the 5th chakra Bana .
 The mnemonic name is the 5th chakra Bana .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ri ga ma pa dha ni sa .
 The mnemonic phrase structure is as follows : .
It is a sampoorna ragam - ragam having all 7 swarams .
It is the shuddha madhyamam equivalent of Vachaspati , which is the 64th melakarta .
 Harikambhoji has a lot of janya ragams associated with Harikambhoji , of which Kambhoji is by far the most famous and frequently sung in concerts .
The globally famous pentatonic scale Mohanam is also considered a janya of this ragam .
 Andolika , Bahudari , Kamas , Kedaragaula , Natakurinji , Navarasa kannada , Sahana , Senchuruti , Suruti and Yadukula Kambhoji are also very popular janyas .
See List of janya ragams for a full list of Harikambhojis janya ragams .
 Among the Trinity of Carnatic music only Thyagaraja has composed songs in Harikambhoji .
 Ramanannu brovara , Entara neethana and Dinamani vamsa are very popular songs composed by only Thyagaraja in this ragam .
Enadu manam kavalai , a composition by Papanasam Sivan , is also popular .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Harikambhojis notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 5 other major melakarta ragams , namely , Kalyani , Sankarabharanam , Natabhairavi , Kharaharapriya and Hanumatodi .
For further details and an illustration refer related ragams section in Shankarabharanam page
Trichy Sankaran is an Indian percussionist , composer , scholar , and educator .
 pianist Suba Sankaran is acknowledged as one of the foremost virtuosos of the mridangam and also plays the kanjira on occasion .
 Since the early 1970s , pianist Suba Sankaran has performed and recorded in a number of cross-cultural projects .
 pianist Suba Sankaran has lived in Toronto since 1971 .
 pianist Suba Sankaran is the founder of the Tyagaraja Aradhana in Toronto and is a professor of music at York University .
 pianist Suba Sankaran has regularly performed at all leading organizations in Chennai every December Music Season and continues to accompany a wide array of top ranked musicians .
Trichy Sankaran has been conferred the illustrious title , Sangeetha Kalanidhi , from the Madras Music Academy for the year 2011-2012 .
 Born on July 27 , 1942 in Thiruchirapalli , Tamil Nadu , India , Sankaran had pianist Suba Sankaran early musical training first under pianist Suba Sankaran cousin , the late Sri P. A. Venkataraman , and later became the star disciple of the legendary mridangam maestro , the late Sri Pazhani Subramania Pillai .
 pianist Suba Sankaran made pianist Suba Sankaran debut at the age of 13 in a concert given by the Alathoor Brothers at Nanrudayan Temple in the town of Thiruchirapalli .
Since then he has performed with all top ranking Carnatic musicians , including Sri Ariyakudi Ramanuja Iyengar , Sri Chembai Vaidhyanatha Bhagavatar , Sri Maharajapuram Viswanatha Iyer , Sri Musiri Subramania Iyer , Sri Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer , Sri G. N. Balasubramaniam , Sri Madurai Mani Iyer , Sri T. R. Mahalingam , and others .
 Winner of the All India Radio gold medal in 1955 and the President of India award in 1958 , pianist Suba Sankaran is one of the worlds top ranking mridangam players .
 In addition to being the most sought after successor to the style of Pazhani Subramania Pillai , pianist Suba Sankaran has cultivated and infused new dimensions to the art of performing on his instrument , thus making his style innovative , yet treading ever so finely within the confines of tradition .
He has developed over the years a unique style of accompaniment trademark to only himself for which he is highly sought after amongst musicians , percussionists , audiences and connoisseurs alike .
The forte of his style includes the most superior of nadai calibration , subtle koraippu structure , innovative mora - korvai permutations and most significant of all ; his innate ability to present performances in any tala combination , not compromising detail or structure .
Added to his reputation are , his tala-specific renditions , highlighting patterns contouring the tala orientation .
His lyrical displays of rhythmic aesthetics in mridangam playing have been the object lessons of the percussionists logistics .
 He has dedicated himself for the cause and propagation of Carnatic music in North America in more than one way : as academician , global artist , composer , and collaborator .
 pianist Suba Sankaran is the co-founder of the Indian Music Program and a Professor of Music at York University in Toronto , Canada , where pianist Suba Sankaran has been teaching since 1971 .
 In addition , pianist Suba Sankaran has also conducted workshops and seminars at Wesleyan University , the Berklee College of Music , the University of Michigan , the California Institute of the Arts , the University of Illinois , McMaster University , Cornell University , and Dalhousie University .
 pianist Suba Sankaran has made valuable contributions at many scholarly conferences across North America and has also published a number of his works in the leading journals of the continent .
 pianist Suba Sankaran has also written a textbook on the mridangam , which defines the basic techniques and principles of Carnatic percussion , entitled The Rhythmic Principles & Practice of South Indian Drumming .
 In addition , in 2010 pianist Suba Sankaran authored a comprehensive textbook which focuses on the subject of solkattu titled The Art of Konnakkol .
Trichy Sankaran is also an avid world class clinician , and has performed workshops and clinics internationally .
 pianist Suba Sankaran has collaborated with top ranking drummers and percussionists , such as Steve Smith , Peter Erskine , and Giovanni Hidalgo , among others .
 pianist Suba Sankaran is also the founder and artistic director of Kalalayam , an institution dedicated in cultivating the nuances and techniques of the Pudukkottai style of percussive embellishment .
 pianist Suba Sankaran has successfully trained many South Asian and North American students on the mridangam , kanjira , ghatam , tabla , and other Western percussion instruments .
 pianist Suba Sankaran was the pioneer in starting the Thyagaraja Festival in Toronto which has flourished into an annual event hosting a series of concerts featuring top ranked musicians from India , identifying and promoting talented youth in North America and endowing scholarships to students pursuing a career in music .
 pianist Suba Sankaran has performed far and wide at major festivals in India , Southeast Asia , Europe , the Middle East , Australia , and North America .
 With over half a century of concert experience in Carnatic music , Carnatic has accompanied over five generations of musicians .
 As a performing artist of international repute , pianist Suba Sankaran has received numerous honors and awards .
The titles include : .
 He was also nominated as the Professional Of the Year by the executive committee of the Indo-Canadian Chamber of Commerce in Toronto .
He has received the prestigious Palghat Mani Iyer Award from the Percussive Arts Centre , Bangalore , the Chowdiah Memorial Award from the Karnataka State , and Sri Pazhani Subramania Pillai Award from the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu .
 In 1998 he received an honorary Doctor of Music degree from the University of Victoria , in British Columbia , Canada , for his achievements in the academic and professional fields .
He has also held honorable positions at The Glenn Gould Foundation and Canada Council .
In addition to his usual traditional settings , he has performed with gamelan , jazz , electronic , and African music ensembles , and World Drums in fusion concerts .
He has performed in jugalbandhi concerts with Ustad Vilayat Khan , V. G. Jog , Zakir Hussain , Hariprasad Chaurasia , Shanta Prasad , and Swapan Chaudhuri , to name a few .
 As a composer , pianist Suba Sankaran has to his credit numerous pieces in the genres of gamelan , jazz , traditional Western classical orchestra , and various instrumental ensembles respectively .
 pianist Suba Sankaran has also worked in the fields of jazz , electronic music , and free improvisation with the composers David Rosenboom , Richard Teitelbaum , Charlie Haden , Pauline Oliveros , Paul Plimley , the Jazz Orchestra of York University , Anthony Braxton , Dave Brubeck , Glen Velez , Nexus , and World Drums .
 In 1996 , pianist Suba Sankaran was commissioned by leading Canadian Bharatanatyam dancer Lata Pada , C.M. , to compose a contemporary work entitled TimeScape , for Lata Pada dance company , Sampradaya Dance Creations .
 pianist Suba Sankaran lives in Toronto , Canada in the district of North York .
 pianist Suba Sankaran daughter is the vocalist and pianist Suba Sankaran .
 A York University graduate , His daughter is a freelance performer in Toronto and has His daughter own group called Autorickshaw , which specializes in contemporary and instrumental fusion themes .
 pianist Suba Sankaran , along with His daughter father Trichy Sankaran and wind specialist Ernie Tollar , perform as Trichys Trio .
She also performs jazz numbers with the group Retrocity .
Trichy Sankaran has also been involved with numerous multi-cultural initiatives , such as performing at Torontos Yonge-Dundas Square as a headliner of the desiFest May 2007 South Asian Canadian music festival founded by youth entrepreneur Sathish Bala
Charanam in Carnatic music is usually the end section of a composition which is sung after the anupallavi .
There may be multiple charanams in a composition which make up different stanzas , but in compositions that do not have an anupallavi , there often exists a samraashti charanam that combines both the anupallavi and charanam of the composition which directly .
The charana swaras are grouped in four different ways :
Arabhi or Aarabhi is a ragam in Carnatic music .
It is a Janya raga , whose Melakarta raga is Shankarabharanam , 29th in the 72 Melakarta raga system .
Arabhi is a raga that dates back to 7 AD .
 Originally , 7 AD was called as pazhanthakkam in Ancient Tamil music .
 Then 7 AD was sung in a mixed variation of Devagandhari and Arabhi that is in use currently .
These two ragas are clearly distinguishable in current form .
Arabhi raga is an Owdava-sampoorna raga meaning , 5 swaras occur in the arohana and in avarohana all swaras occur .
 an Owdava-sampoorna raga meaning is a raga without much gamakas and frequency variations , relying instead on flat notes .
The important point is the swara ga always comes very close to ma so when we sing the phrase ma ga ri it sounds like ma ma ri .
Likewise the swara ni always comes very close to the swara sa hence when we sing the phrase sa ni da it sounds like sa sa da .
The closest raga to this one is Devangandhari .
 There are few aspects which make Arabhi different .
 Arabhi raga is a very energetic and it lends Arabhi raga is a very energetic and it to creativity in brigas more than gamakas .
 The 3rd of Pancharatna Kritis , Sadhinchanae by Saint Thyagaraja is a famous composition set in Arabhi raga .
 Here we can note that Saint Thyagaraja uses phrases like sa sa da in the charanam although there are phrases like sa ni da also
Janya Ragas are Carnatic music ragas derived from the fundamental set of 72 ragas called Melakarta ragas , by the permutation and combination of the various ascending and descending notes .
The process of deriving janya ragas from the parent melakartas is complex and leads to an open mathematical possibility of around thirty thousand ragas .
Although limited by the necessity of the existence of individual swaroopas for the janya ragas , a list is never comprehensive or exhaustive .
Thus the list below is open to more additions/corrections .
Moreover , some musicians experiment and use new scales which had not been used before , leading to new janya ragas .
The melakartas are listed by numbers 1-72 , with corresponding asampoorna melakarta names and scales listed just below .
Under those musical scales are the janyas associated with each melakarta .
If the raga has multiple scales in the same janya , these are given below the main scale .
Other janya ragas that are either not associated with a melakarta or whose scales are not yet added in this list , are listed at the bottom
Joyce Paul Poursabahian is an accomplished Indian classical dancer and exercise physiologist .
Classically trained in Bharat Natyam , she has also trained briefly in Mohiniattam , the classical dance of Kerala .
 Joyce Paul Poursabahian had her initial dance training under the acclaimed Bharatanatyam guru , Leela Samson .
She is the founder and the Artistic Director of Arpan set up in 2003 in Redmond , WA .
 Joyce Paul Poursabahian received her dance training under Bharatanatyam guru , Leela Samson , Prof. J.Janardhanan and Prof C. V. Chandrashekaran at Kalakshetra .
She started her college education with an Honours degree in Zoology with specialization in Reproductive Biology while Masters saw her move on to studying the evolution of man in time and space .
She completed her Ph.D in Exercise Physiology from the Department of Anthropology , University of Delhi .
 During her Ph.D her Ph.D published papers on Dance Related Injuries Among Bharatnatyam and also on Pattern of Subcutaneous Fat Distribution , Bharatnatyam Variation with Age Among Young Rajput Females of Pauri Garhwal , India .
 Joyce Paul Poursabahian spent about 15 years of her Ph.D corporate career working for NIIT India Ltd and Microsoft Corporation as an Instructional Designer , Content Publisher , User Researcher and Business Intelligence Analyst .
 her Ph.D started her Ph.D teaching career by teaching private Bharatanatyam classes as early as 1990 with the blessings of her Ph.D Guru Leela Samson .
 her Ph.D taught classes to corporate clients during the years 1996 to 1998 doing seminars on communication using dance as a body language .
 her Ph.D has also assisted teaching at Kalashram Trust , New Delhi , founded and directed by Kathak exponent Pandit Birju Maharaj .
 After moving to Redmond , WA to join Microsoft in 2001 , Redmond founded Redmond own dance company Arpan .
 Quoting about Redmond inspiration and Redmond works , Redmond says : .
If being passionate about dance does not make you a better human being , stop dancing and start praying .
 Joyce Paul Poursabahian has performed extensively over the last 17 years .
 In 2003 , Redmond performed in Mohiniattam to the Music at Town Hall , In 2004 and 2007 , Redmond performed at Utsav and Redmond also performed for Seattles Partners in Preservation Initiative
Carnatic music is usually performed by a small ensemble of musicians , who sit on an elevated stage .
This usually consists of at least ; a principal performer , a melodic accompaniment , a rhythm accompaniment , and a drone .
The tambura is the traditional drone instrument used in concerts , however , tamburas are increasingly being replaced by sruti boxes , and now more commonly , the electronic tambura .
 The drone itself is an integral part of Performances and furnishes stability - the equivalent of harmony in Western music .
Performances can be musical or musical-dramatic .
Musical recitals are either vocal , or purely instrumental in nature , while musical-dramatic recitals refer to Harikatha .
 But irrespective of what type of recital Harikatha is , what is featured are compositions which form the core of this genre of music .
In a vocal recital , a concert team may have one or more vocalists , accompanied by instrumentalists as melodic and rhythmic accompaniments .
Instruments , such as the veena and/or flute , can be occasionally found as a rhythmic accompaniment , but usually , a vocalist is supported by a violin player .
The rhythm accompanist is usually a mridangam player .
However , other percussion instruments such as the ghatam , kanjira and morsing frequently also accompany the main percussion instrument and play almost in a contrapuntal fashion along with the beats .
The objective of the accompanying instruments is far more than following the melody and keeping the beats .
The accompaniments form an integral part of every composition .
presented , and they closely follow and augment the melodic phrases outlines by the lead singer .
The vocalist and the violinist take turns while elaborating or while exhibiting creativity in sections like raga , niraval and kalpanaswaram .
Unlike Hindustani music concerts , where an accompanying tabla player can keep beats without following the musical phrases at times , in Carnatic music , the accompaniments have to know follow intricacies of the composition since there are percussion elements such as eduppu , in several compositions .
Some of the best concerts .
feature a good bit of interaction with the lead musicians and the accompaniments exchanging notes , and accompanying musicians predicting the lead singer musical phrases .
A contemporary Carnatic concert usually lasts about three hours , and usually comprises a number of varied compositions .
Carnatic songs are composed in a particular raga , which means that they do not deviate from the notes in the raga .
Each composition is set with specific notes and beats , but performers improvise extensively .
Improvisation occurs in the melody of the composition as well as in using the notes to expound the beauty of the raga .
Concerts usually begin with a varnam or an invocatory item which will act as the opening piece .
The varnam is composed with an emphasis on swaras of the raga , but will also have lyrics , the saahityam .
It is lively and fast to get the audiences attention .
An invocatory item , may alternatively , follow the varnam .
After the varnam and/or invocatory item , the artist sings longer compositions called kirtanas .
Each kriti sticks to one specific raga , although some are composed with more than one raga ; these are known as ragamalika .
After singing the opening kriti , usually , the performer sings the kalpanaswaram of the raga to the beat .
The performer must improvise a string of swaras in any octave according to the rules of the raga and return to beginning of the cycle of beats smoothly , joining the swaras with a phrase selected from the kriti .
The violin performs these alternately with the main performer .
In very long strings of swara , the performers must calculate their notes accurately to ensure that they stick to the raga , have no awkward pauses and lapses in the beat of the song , and create a complex pattern of notes that an experienced audience can follow .
Performers then begin the main compositions with a section called raga alapana exploring the raga .
In this , they use the sounds aa , ri , na , ta , etc. instead of swaras to slowly elaborate the notes and flow of the raga .
This begins slowly and builds to a crescendo , and finally establishes a complicated exposition of the raga that shows the performers skill .
All of this is done without any rhythmic accompaniment , or beat .
Then the melodic accompaniment , expounds the raga .
 Experienced listeners can identify many ragas after Experienced listeners hear just a few notes .
With the raga thus established , the song begins , usually with lyrics .
In this , the accompaniment performs along with the main performer and the percussion .
In the next stage of the song , they may sing niraval or kalpanaswaram again .
In most concerts , the main item will at least have a section at the end of the item , for the percussion to perform solo .
 The percussion performers perform complex patterns of rhythm and display The percussion performers skill .
 If multiple percussion instruments are employed , The percussion performers engage in a rhythmic dialogue until the main performer picks up the melody once again .
 Some experienced artists may follow the main piece with a ragam thanam pallavi mid-concert , if Some experienced artists do not use it as the main item .
Following the main composition , the concert continues with shorter and lighter songs .
Some of the types of songs performed towards the end of the concerts are tillanas and thukkadas - bits of popular kritis or compositions requested by the audience .
Every concert that is the last of the day ends with a mangalam , a thankful prayer and conclusion to the musical event .
 The audience of a typical concert has a reasonable understanding of Carnatic music .
It is also typical to see the audience tapping out the tala in sync with the artists performance .
As and when the artist exhibits creativity , the audience acknowledge it by clapping their hands .
With experienced artists , towards the middle of the concert , requests start flowing in .
The artist usually plays the request and it helps in exhibiting the artists broad knowledge of the several thousand kritis that are in existence .
 Every December , the city of Chennai in India has the city of Chennai in India six week-long Music Season , which has been described as the worlds largest cultural event .
The Music Season was started in 1927 , to mark the opening of the Madras Music Academy .
 The Music Season used to be a traditional month-long Carnatic music festival , but since then it has also diversified into dance and drama , as well as non-Carnatic art forms .
 The music season in Chennai in India is in the month of Margashira - Marghazhi in Tamil and comes to an end with the festival of Makara Shankrati or Pongal .
 The cultural hub of Karnataka , Mysore - Bangalore region celebrates The cultural hub of Karnataka , Mysore Music Season known as Ramnavami Music Festival for a period of 45 days .
Unlike the Madras Season which are held in closed auditoriums , the Ramanavami Music Festival is mostly held in Open Air Aoditoriums .
The pleasant Chaitra - month of Kannada Calendar and evening showers make up the event much more celebrous .
 In Karnataka , Mysore , the concerts are held in Shri Bidaram Krishnappa Mandira and Jaganmohana Palace .
 Apart from these , many other smaller sabhas in Bangalore , Karnataka , Mysore , Hassan , Shimoga and Chikmagalur also conduct concerts in this festive season
 Sanjukta Panigrahi was a dancer of the India , who was the foremost exponent of Indian classical dance Odissi .
 the Sanjukta was the first Oriya girl to embrace this ancient classical dance at an early age and ensure its grand revival .
 In recognition of the Sanjukta contribution to dancing and associated activities , the Sanjukta was honoured with one of Indias highest civilian awards the , Padma Shri .
 the Sanjukta is also recipient of the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 1976 .
 Apart from presenting Indian classical dance Odissi performances in different parts of the India , Sanjukta Panigrahi has been a part of Government 's cultural delegation to different countries , including to the USA and the Philippines , United Kingdom , Israel , Delphi International Festival in Greece .
 Sanjukta Panigrahi has also performed in France for eleven weeks , and participated there in the International Music Festival at Paris .
 Sanjukta Panigrahi was born in Berhampur , Ganjam District , Odisha state , to a traditional Brahmin family of Abhiram Mishra and Shakuntala Mishra .
 When Sanjukta Panigrahi was a small child , Sanjukta Panigrahi would start dancing intuitively to any rhythmic sound like the sound of chopping of vegetable or cutting of firewood .
 Sanjukta Panigrahi mother was from Baripada and belonged to a family , which had been patronizing chhau folk dance for long .
 Her mother recognized the talent in Her mother daughter , and encouraged Her mother despite some initial resistance from Abhiram Misra , Abhiram Misra father .
The reason for the resistance was the fact that in those days this form of dance was performed generally by temple singing girls , called Maharis .
Male dancers are called Gotipuas .
These girls were like Devadasis in the temples of South India .
 At the initiative of Devadasis in the temples of South India mother , Her mother started to learn dance from Guru Kelucharan Mohapatra at age of 4 .
 Her mother was assessed to be the best child artist by the Bisuba Milan consecutively for three years during 1950-53 .
 In one of her performances as six-year old girl , Her mother refused to leave the stage and continued to perform energetically even after the time was over .
 Her mother mother had to shout at and cajole Her mother to stop dancing .
 At the age of 9 , Her mother performed at annual festival of the Childrens Little Theatre in Calcutta .
 Her mother bagged the first prize in International Children 's Film Festival in 1952 .
 Encouraged by Her mother success , Her mother parents decided to send Her mother for better dance training , to Kalakshetra at Chennai .
 There Her mother continued Her mother lessons under the guidance of Rukmini Devi Arundale .
 For the next six years Her mother stayed there , and eventually graduated with a Nrityapraveen diploma in Bharatnatyam with Kathakali as the second subject .
 After that , Her mother toured many places in the India and abroad , as a member of the Kalakshetra Ballet Troupe .
 At the age of 14 , Her mother returned to Odisha .
 The state government awarded Her mother a scholarship to learn Kathak from Guru Hazarilal in Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan , Mumbai .
 However , Her mother left the course and returned to Odisha to concentrate on Indian classical dance Odissi .
 The initial years were very challenging for the the Sanjukta and the Sanjukta husband , more in terms of eking out a living than anything else .
 Though things turned for the better , when in 1966 , the Sanjukta guru Kelucharan Mahapatra was conferred with the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award , and her guru Kelucharan Mahapatra rendered an Indian classical dance Odissi performance during the award ceremony in New Delhi .
 The audience was enthralled by her guru Kelucharan Mahapatra performance .
 her guru Kelucharan Mahapatra had made her guru Kelucharan Mahapatra mark at the national level , and from that point her guru Kelucharan Mahapatra did not look back .
 Meanwhile her guru Kelucharan Mahapatra husband had emerged as a fine vocalist , and also started rendering music for her guru Kelucharan Mahapatra performances .
In the coming decades , the Sanjukta-Raghunath duo enthralled the audience , even outlasting the Yamini-Jyothismathi duo , and were jointly awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 1976 .
 Sanjukta later came to be known as Guru Kelucharan Mahapatra s greatest disciple , and they travelled the length and the breath of the the India , performing together and popularising the almost lost dance form of Indian classical dance Odissi , so much so that today , both are considered equal revivalists of the dance form .
 Sanjukta Panigrahi spent some time at the International School of Theatre Anthropology at Bologna , Italy in 1986 , 1990 and 1992 , teaching short courses and demonstrating Indian classical dance Odissi dance to foreign students , further adding to Odissi dance global popularity .
 Abhiram Misra forte was Sanjukta Panigrahi Nritta , or pure dance , in which her Nritta was outstanding .
 her Nritta great advantage was her Nritta musician husband , whose constant presence helped her Nritta finesse her Nritta abilities in this genre .
 In Abhinaya , connoisseurs and critics were agreed on the fact that her Nritta more often than not veered towards jatra and melodrama .
 Together with her Nritta musician husband , the Sanjukta has left behind a rich repertoire of Indian classical dance Odissi dance , both modern as well as classical , ranging from traditional numbers based on the Jayadeva s Gita Govinda to the padabalies of Surdas , Chaupais from the Ramacharitamanasa of Tulasidas and the songs of Vidyapati and Rabindranath Tagore , with piece-de-resistance being , the innovative Yugma-Dwandwa : a sort of Jugalbandi between the dancer and the musician in Raga Bageshwari , composed by Pandit Damodar Hota , of Utkal Sangeet Mahavidyalaya , and a disciple of Pandit Omkar Nath Thakur , and the sublime , Moksha Mangalam which in time had become Jayadeva personal signature , which Jayadeva used to end Jayadeva performances , on an ethereal note .
 In the words of noted dance critic , Dr. Sunil Kothari , the Sanjukta gave up Bharatnatyam and devoted the Sanjukta life to Indian classical dance Odissi , putting the Sanjukta signature on the form .
 the Sanjukta continued to perform in most of the state functions .
 With the Sanjukta pioneering efforts , the Sanjukta brought forth an almost forgotten Indian classical dance Odissi style of dancing to an important position in the dance repertory of the India .
 For four decades , the Sanjukta remained an undisputed leading dancer of Indian classical dance Odissi .
 the Sanjukta died of cancer at the age of 52 , on 24th of June , 1997 .
 Even up to the Sanjukta last years , and while battling death , the Sanjukta exuded grace far beyond the Sanjukta years , and physical being would have allowed .
 At Kalakshetra , Chennai , the Sanjukta had fallen in love with Raghunath Panigrahi , ten year the Sanjukta senior , and a fine vocalist of Gita Govinda , who left a promising career in film music in Chennai , to provide vocal support in the Sanjukta performances .
 When the Sanjukta was 16 years of age , they got married and over a period of time had two sons .
 the Sanjukta left behind many accomplished students , including Dr. Chitra Krishnamurti , director of Nrityalaya and Joyoti Das a resident of Melbourne , a devout disciple of the Sanjukta in Australia , the artistic director and teacher of Kalamandir School of Indian classical dances , dedicated to maintain the continuum of Sanjuktas Odissi style .
Sanjukta Panigrahi is considered an embodiment of Guru Kelucharan Mahapatras art .
 After Sanjukta Panigrahi death , Sanjukta Panigrahi husband Raghunath Panigrahi formed a trust in Sanjukta Panigrahi name , Sanjukta Panigrahi Memorial Trust , in 1999 , to promote the cause of Indian classical dance Odissi dance .
 Since 2001 , every year on Sanjukta Panigrahi birth anniversary , the trust has been giving away scholarships to budding dancers , and awards excellence in the field of Indian classical dance Odissi dance
Keeravani is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Keeravani is the 21st Melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
The 21st melakarta ragam as per Muthuswami Dikshitar school of music is .
This ragam is a popular scale in western music as well .
The Western equivalent is the Harmonic minor scale .
It is said to be borrowed into Hindustani music from Carnatic music .
 the Harmonic minor scale is the 3rd ragam in the 4th chakra Veda .
The mnemonic name is Veda-Go .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ri gi ma pa dha nu .
Its structure is as follows : .
-LRB- the notes used in this scale are chathusruthi rishabha , sadharana gandhara , suddha madhyama , panchama .
As it is a melakarta ragam , by definition it is a sampoorna ragam .
It is the shuddha madhyamam equivalent of Simhendramadhyamam , which is the 57th melakarta .
 Keeravani has many janya ragams associated with Keeravani .
 Kalyana vasantam is a popular janya of Keeravani .
 See List of janya ragams for full list of ragams associated with Keeravani .
Other popular janya ragams include Samapriya and Vasantamanohari .
 Many composers have composed songs in Keeravani .
 A few of Many composers are listed here .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Keeravanis notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 3 other major melakarta ragams , namely , Hemavati , Vakulabharanam and Kosalam .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Keeravani
 The Chenda is a cylindrical percussion instrument used widely in the state of Kerala Navam , and Tulu Nadu of Karnataka State in India .
 In Tulu Nadu Tulu Nadu of Karnataka State in India is known as chande .
A Chenda is a cylindrical wooden drum , and has a length of two feet and a diameter of one foot .
Both ends are covered with the Chenda Vattam .
The animal skin is usually of a cow , in a traditional Chenda other skins are not used , to have a quality sound the skin from the abdominal part of the cow is taken .
 The Chenda is suspended from the drummers neck so that Ompathe Kal Veechan Chenda hangs vertically .
Though both sides can be used for playing , only one is actually beaten .
Using two sticks , the drummer strikes the upper parchment .
This instrument is famous for its loud and rigid sound .
 A Chenda has two sides , the left side called The Edamthala and the right side Valamthala .
The Edamthala is made of only one/two layer of cow skin and the Valamthala will have a five/seven layer skin , so as to have a bass sound .
The skin are dried under shadow and fastened on wooden rings made of the trunk of a locally available palm tree or bamboo , using a gum prepared from the seed of a tree called pananchi maram .
 The circular frame is kept in a vessel and boiled for a whole long day and then bended in the form of circle and drying The circular frame up .
The body of the Chenda which is 2 ft 36 inches diameter and 1.5 inches thickness is made of the soft wood of the jackfruit tree .
The thickness is again reduced by 0.25 inches , at simultaneous points separated by 4 inches .
This is done in order to produce highly resonating sound .
Only the wooden rings with the skin is replaced once the quality of the sound is not up to the mark .
 For regular Ompathe Kal Veechan Chenda artistes an average of 15 rings are required every year .
 The Chenda is mainly played in Hindu temple festivals and as an accompaniment in the religious art forms of Kerala Navam .
 The chenda is used as an accompaniment for Kathakali , Koodiyattam , Kannyar Kali , Theyyam and among many forms of dances and rituals in Kerala Navam .
 Ompathe Kal Veechan Chenda is also played in a dance-drama called Yakshagana which is popular in Tulu Nadu of Karnataka .
There is a variant of this instrument used in northern school of Yakshagana called Chande .
It is traditionally considered to be an Asura Vadyam -RRB- which means it can not go in harmony .
 Ompathe Kal Veechan Chenda is an unavoidable musical instrument in all form of cultural activities in Kerala Navam .
 In Kerala Navam the craft of making Ompathe Kal Veechan Chenda is now associated with some few Perumkollan families at Peruvembu , Nemmara , Lakkidi , Vellarkad and Valappaya villages .
 Many famous Chenda percussionist in Kerala Navam make there Chendas from Vellarkad village for Kerala Navam is famous for the quality of the instrument .
 Chendas from Vellarkad village are of different types , depending upon the diameter of the Chenda Vattam Many are called Ettara Veechan Chenda , Ompathu Veechan Chenda , Ompathe Kal Veechan Chenda , Ompathara Veechan Chenda , Ompathe Mukkal Veechan Chenda , Ompathe Mukkal Kali Chenda .
These Chendas are used for different purposes especially for different art forms .
 Depending upon the size , structure and function of the Ompathe Kal Veechan Chenda , Many are classified as , Veekku Chenda or Acchan Chenda , Uruttu Chenda , Muri Chenda etc. .
Uruttu Chenda is used to play variations in music .
It is used to lead the orchestra .
It is called the Pramanavadhya .
The Chenda Vattam of the Uruttu Chenda is always the Edam Thala or the Left Head which is made of soft , single cow skin .
The meaning of uruttu in Malayalam language is rolling .
 The artist produce sound on Uruttu Chenda by rolling The artist right hand wrist .
During the first beat the palm holding the stick will face the artist , then during the second beat the palm would face the opposite side .
This is done by rolling the wrist .
Veekku Chenda or Acchan Chenda is used to keep the thalam or the basic rhythm .
The Chenda Vattam of the Uruttu Chenda is always the Valam Thala or the Right Head which is made of multiple layer of skin to produce a bass sound .
 The meaning of Veekku in Malayalam language is beating hard .
 The artist produce sound on Veekku Chenda by hitting the drum using a stick without twisting or rolling The artist wrist .
 A Chenda Melam means percussion using Ompathe Kal Veechan Chenda .
 The Chenda is used as a percussion instrument for almost all Kerala Navam art forms like Kathakali , Kodiyattam , Theyyam etc. .
Chenda melam is the most popular form in Kerela , for more than 300 years .
 A Chenda melam is an integral part of all festivals in Kerela .
There are 7 types of melangal viz Panchari melam , Champa , Chempada , Adantha , Anchadatha , Druvam and Pandy melam .
 The earlier 6 melams are called Chempada melangal .
Other than these seven melams two more melams are there in Kerala Navam and Kalpam .
 The Chenda Vattam or the skin used on Ompathe Kal Veechan Chenda should be very thin for classic Chenda Melam like Panchari melam , Pandi Melam or for Thayambaka but for Shinkari Melam Chenda the Chenda Vattam are hard , which are very cheap to make .
Shinkari Melam is not considered as a classical form of art .
A Chenda is taught in a traditional way , the students have to practice on a stone or wood using a strong and thick stick usually made of tamarind tree bark .
The learning stick would be 29cm in length , 3 cm in diameter on one side and 2.5 cm on other side of the stick .
Once the learning on stone is finished , students learn on Veekku Chenda or the Valam Thala part of the Chenda which is made of multiple layer of skin .
The Valam Thala Chenda is played using a long and thin stick .
Once the students master to play on Valam Thala Chenda , the students start learning on the Uruttu Chenda or the Edam Thala part of the Chenda which will have only one layer of skin .
While striking on a Chenda with two sticks , the stick on the right hand is hit on the upper part of the Chenda Vattam and the stick on the left hand is hit on the lower part of the Chenda Vattam .
 In Kerala a traditional Chenda learning always start and end with a Ganapathi Kai , Kerala a traditional Chenda is a prayer and dedication done to the Hindu god Ganapathi .
Here the letters starting with G and K are beaten using left hand and others by right hand .
Once the students learn how to do Ganapathi Kai , the master starts teaching Chenda Sadhakam or repeated exercise .
Usually a Sadhakam starts with a three beat Sadhakam called Tha Ki Ta Sadhakam .
A Tha Ki Ta Sadhakam or the three beat Sadhakam starts with an Onnam Kaalam or the first degree of geometric speed .
Which is the thalam or the basic rhythm throughout the Percussion performance .
Once the Onnam Kaalam is practiced the students learn to exercise the Randam Kaalam or the second degrees of geometric speed , then the Muunaam Kaalam or the third degrees of geometric speed and so on .
For a Tha Ki Ta Sadhakam the Onnam Kaalam is 3 beats in a geometric speed .
So the Randam Kaalam beats would be multiple of Onnam Kaalam , 6 beats .
Muunaam Kaalam would be multiple of Randam Kaalam , 12 beats , Naalam Kaalam would be 24 beats and so on .
While doing a Randam Kaalam , 6 beats should finish by the time taken for the 3 beats of Onnam Kaalam .
Similarly the Muunaam Kaalam should finish by the time taken for the 3 beats of Onnam Kaalam .
For a Naalam Kaalam , 24 beats should finish by the time taken for the Onnam Kaalam .
 the Onnam Kaalam is the reason the Onnam Kaalam is called the thalam or the basic rhythm .
Vaai Thari , the drum like sound made by the student while beating on the Chenda .
Vaai Thari of Tha-Ki-Ta in 1st 2nd 3rd and 4th Kaalam .
1 .
Ki - Tha - Tha - -- > Here even if 6 sounds are produced only three beats are done .
2 .
Ki-Ta Tha-Ka Tha-Ri -- > Here 6 sounds are produced and 6 beats are done .
3 .
Ki-Ta-Tha-Ka Tha-Ri-Ki-Ta Tha-Ka-Tha-Ri -- > 12 sounds are produced and 12 beats are done .
4 .
Ki-Ta-Tha-Ka-Tha-Ri-Ki-Ta Tha-Ka-Tha-Ri-Ki-Ta-Tha-Ka Tha-Ri-Ki-Ta-Tha-Ka-Tha-Ri .
 the Onnam Kaalam is a degree of geometric speed .
A Kalam starts with an Onnam Kaalam or the first degree of geometric speed .
 A Kalam is the thalam or the basic rhythm throughout the percussion performance .
Once the Onnam Kaalam is practiced the students learn to exercise the Randam Kaalam or the second degrees of geometric speed , then the Muunaam Kaalam or the third degrees of geometric speed Then the Naalam Kaalam or the fourth degree of geometric speed and so on .
Depending up on the practice and experience a Chenda performer can perform in 7 , 8 , 9 or even 10 Kaalam .
If a performer starts with a 3 beat and completes these beats in 4 seconds , it is called an Onnam Kaalam of 3 beats .
So the Randam Kaalam beats would be multiple of Onnam Kaalam , 6 beats completed in 4 seconds .
Muunaam Kaalam would be multiple of Randam Kaalam , 12 beats completed in 4 seconds , Naalam Kaalam would be 24 beats completed in 4 seconds and so on .
Similarly if the performer starts with 4 beats and completes the beats in 4 seconds , then Randam Kaalam beats would be multiple of Onnam Kaalam , 8 beats completed in 4 seconds , Muunaam Kaalam would be multiple of Randam Kaalam , 16 beats completed in 4 seconds .
If the performer starts with the same 4 beats and completes the beats in 2 seconds , then Randam Kaalam would be 8 beats and should be completed in 2 seconds , Muunaam Kaalam would be 16 beats and should be completed in 2 seconds .
 The time to complete one the Onnam Kaalam is called the Thalavattam and the Onnam Kaalam is called the thalam or the basic rhythm of the whole percussion performance
Garimella Balakrishna Prasad is an Indian classical devotional singer and composer .
 Garimella Balakrishna Prasad served Tirumala Tirupati Devastanams Annamacharya Project as Special Grade Vocal Artiste from 1978 to 2006 .
 Garimella Balakrishna Prasad is regarded as a pioneer in rendering devotional music in classical style , especially the Annamacharya sankirtanas .
 Garimella Balakrishna Prasad composed tunes for the lyrics of nearly a thousand songs composed by various poets .
 Of these nearly six hundred of them were Annamacharya sankirtanas , and a RECORD is a RECORD .
To mention a few most popular sankirtanas set to tune by Sri Prasad are Vinaro Bhagyamu Vishnukatha , Jagadapu Chanavula , Vochenu alamelumanga , Tiruveedhula merasi , Choodaramma Satulaala , Jaya lakshmi vara lakshmi , Aadimoolame maaku angaraksha , Aatade brahmanya daivam , Antayu neeve , Yemani pogadudume and Pidikita Thalambralu .
 Garimella Balakrishna Prasad composed and sang in different styles such as Carnatic classical , light classical , folk and light music .
Balakrishna Prasad was born in Rajamundry , Andhra Pradesh to Krishnaveni and Narasimha Rao , a music teacher and a Vaggeyakara .
 Garimella Balakrishna Prasad holds a Diploma in Carnatic Music .
 Garimella Balakrishna Prasad is an A grade vocal artist of the All India Radio .
 Garimella Balakrishna Prasad specialised in Annamacharya compositions under the tutelage of Sangita Kalanidhi , Nedunuri Krishnamurthy , who initiated Garimella Balakrishna Prasad into the nuances of classical music .
 Garimella Balakrishna Prasad is still closely associated with Nedunuri Krishnamurthy in not only learning music , but also in composing music to Annamacharya Sankeerthanas , publishing books with musical notation and audio CD recordings .
Prof. D.Pasupathi also taught Annamacharya songs as well as classical kritis during two year scholarship course offered by Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams .
Dr. Mangalampalli Balamuralikrishna s music , mellifluous voice and unique rendering inspired Sri Balakrishna Prasad to learn classical music .
Sri Balakrishna Prasad also received musical training from Dr. Mangalampalli Balamuralikrishna .
 Garimella Balakrishna Prasad joined the Annamacharya Project after completing Garimella Balakrishna Prasad diploma in Carnatic classical vocal music , in 1978 as a vocal artist .
 The project established to promote Annamacharyas music and literature , soon became the medium through which Annamacharyas was able to bring forth Annamacharyas musical prowess .
 From the inception till Annamacharyas retirement in 2006 , Annamacharyas remained the principal exponent of Annamacharya Project .
 Annamacharyas rendered remarkable services at various levels to raise it into a top cultural organization .
 Annamacharyas Nadopasana spans over four decades .
 Absolute faith , total commitment and the zeal for perfection are hallmarks of the nephew of playback singer S. Janaki music .
 the nephew of playback singer S. Janaki consistently endeavours to improve the nephew of playback singer S. Janaki art and continues to grow as an artist .
 the nephew of playback singer S. Janaki performed in more than five thousand vocal concerts , set tune to more than six hundred Annamacharya songs , gave audio recordings for TTD , published books with musical notations and conducted classes , teaching Annamacharya songs to make them more popular .
 the nephew of playback singer S. Janaki is married to G.Radha and has two sons - G.S.Pavana Kumar married to Srividya , G.V.N.Anila Kumar married to Swarna .
 the nephew of playback singer S. Janaki is the nephew of playback singer S. Janaki .
 the nephew of playback singer S. Janaki tunes for Annamayya sankeerthanas has been published by TTD
Anayampatti S. Ganesan is a Carnatic musician from South India .
 Anayampatti S. Ganesan , who lives in Chennai , plays the jal tarang or jalatharangam in concerts throughout Southern India , and is also a carnatic vocalist and violinist .
 In Madras 2005-2006 concert season , Anayampatti S. Ganesan was the sole jal tarang performer .
 Anayampatti S. Ganesan jal tarang is a set of 19 antique porcelain bowls from China that are 100 years old
Hamsanandi is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Hamsanandi is a hexatonic scale .
It is a derived scale , as it does not have all the seven swaras .
 Hamsanandi is a janya ragam of Gamanashrama , the 53rd Melakarta ragam .
 Hamsanandi has only the invariant panchamam missing from Hamsanandi parent scale , Gamanashrama , like Shree ranjani .
 Hamsanandi is a symmetric scale that does not contain panchamam .
 Hamsanandi is called a shadava-shadava ragam , in Carnatic music classification .
 Hamsanandi arohana-avarohana structure is as follows : .
This scale uses the notes shadjam , shuddha rishabham , antara gandharam , prati madhyamam , chathusruthi dhaivatham and kakali nishadam .
 Hamsanandi is an evening ragam .
 Hamsanandi has ample scope for alapana and swara prasthara .
This scale has been used by many composers for compositions in classical music .
 Hamsanandi has been used to score film music too .
 Here are some popular compositions in Hamsanandi .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam
Charukesi is a raga in Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is the 26th Melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Carnatic is called Tarangini in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
Charukesi is known to incite feelings of pathos and devotion in the listener .
 Carnatic is the 2nd ragam in the 5th chakra Bana .
 The mnemonic name is the 5th chakra Bana .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ri gu ma pa dha ni .
 The mnemonic phrase structure is as follows : .
It is a sampoorna ragam - a ragam that has all seven swaras .
It is the shuddha madhyamam equivalent of Rishabhapriya , which is the 62nd melakarta .
There are only a few minor janya ragams associated with Charukesi .
See full list of janya ragams associated with it .
Adamodi Galade by Thyagaraja , Karunai Varuumo by Papanasam Sivan and Kripaya palaya sowrae by Swati Tirunal are popular kritis set in Charukesi .
Lalgudi Jayaraman , the acclaimed violinist and composer , has composed a very popoular varnam in Charukesi called Innum En Manam .
 This varnam was a favorite of Maharajapuram Santhanam , who began a large chunk of Maharajapuram Santhanam concerts with this song .
Palayamam Parameswari , a composition of Sri .
Muthuswami Dikshadar in Raga Tarangini is a fine example of charukesi of today .
Many compositions exist amongst modern adaptations of Charukesi , especially in Indian movies , in the so-called film songs .
 An example is the song Ahista Ahista from the movie Swades , Chanda Re from the movie Sapnay , Teri Umeed Tera Intezar from the movie Deewana , Chand Aaya Hai Zamin Pe from the movie Dil Hi DIl Mein , Aye Kash Kavi Aisa Hota from the movie Mohra , Vasanta mullai poalae from the Tamil movie Sarangadara , Edho Edho Ondru from the Tamil movie Enakku Iruvathu , Unakku Padhinettu , Aadal Kalaye from Sri Raghavendra and Udaya Udaya from another Tamil movie Udhaya .
Charukesi is also popular in Hindustani music .
 In the 2012 release of the movie Sapnay devotional album on Lord Ayyappan SABARIMALAI VA CHARANAM SOLLI VA , ace singer P. Unni Krishnan renders a song on Raga Charukesi , UTHIRATHIL UDHITHAVANE SOL , signifying the Lords birth star UTHIRAM .
This album was composed and released by Manachanallur Giridharan , a noted Music Director from Tamil Nadu .
 In western music , charukesi like structures are encountered in Franz Schubert s famous Impromptu C Minor Allegro molto moderato and also in Russian Composer Mikhail Ippolitov-Ivanov s Procession of the Sardar from Mikhail Ippolitov-Ivanov Orchestral Suite , Caucasian Sketches .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Charukesis notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 3 other major melakarta ragams , namely , Vachaspati , Natakapriya and Gourimanohari .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
 For further details and an illustration , see Graha bhedam on Vachaspati
Sikkil C. Gurucharan is among the foremost young performing musicians of Carnatic music in India today .
 Sikkil C. Gurucharan is the grandson of Sikkil Kunjumani , elder of the internationally acclaimed flautists the Sikkil Sisters .
 Sikkil C. Gurucharan has been under the tutelage Vaigal Shri S. Gnanaskandan and is currently being mentored by Shri B. Krishnamurthy .
 Sikkil C. Gurucharan is an A grade All India Radio artist .
 The magazine India Today featured Sikkil C. Gurucharan among 35 Game Changers Under 35 in India , a list of young achievers from different walks of life .
 Around 1987 , as a 5-year-old , Sikkil C. Gurucharan was casually coaxed by his grandmothers , the Sikkil Sisters , to sing some tune .
After a little cajoling , he sang a popular film song .
The sisters , especially Smt .
Neela , were amazed at the sruthi sudhham or tonal perfection in his singing and also the near-perfect alignment of the notes .
Together they decided that he must pursue vocal music .
Almost every second member in the family had been trained in flute .
But they were insistent that this boy should pursue singing , especially since he had shown immense promise at that age .
 This was how Sikkil C. Gurucharan made Sikkil C. Gurucharan initial forays into Carnatic music .
 Soon after the initiation , Sikkil C. Gurucharan family had to shift base to Hyderabad .
At this juncture , his mother Mythili Chandrasekaran decided to impart the bala padam and popular songs like Mudhaakaratha modhakam , Madhuraashtakam and Kurai ondrum illai among others .
 his mother Mythili Chandrasekaran began to involuntarily register the lessons that his mother Mythili Chandrasekaran sister learnt to play in the flute as well .
 In 1990 , the family returned to Chennai , the seat of Carnatic music and the Sikkil Sisters wasted no time in ensuring that Sikkil C. Gurucharan began serious music training under the aegis of Vaigal Shri S. Gnanaskandan , disciple of Dandapani Desikar and Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer .
Guru Gnanaskandan was then the producer of All India Radio .
 Being a strict disciplinarian , Gnanaskandan ensured that Sikkil C. Gurucharan took music seriously , especially when the people at home had created an ambience filled with Carnatic music to build Sikkil C. Gurucharan interest in singing .
Sikkil Gurucharan was a student of Vidya Mandir Senior Secondary School , Mylapore , Chennai .
 Sikkil C. Gurucharan passed out of Vidya Mandir as the Best Outgoing Student in recognition of Sikkil C. Gurucharan achievements as an all-rounder .
 Following this , Sikkil C. Gurucharan enrolled Sikkil C. Gurucharan at the prestigious Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda College which became integral to Sikkil C. Gurucharan pursuing music as a career due to the encouragement Sikkil C. Gurucharan received from all sides .
 On the music front , by now Sikkil C. Gurucharan was more in tune with concert-related techniques and had begun singing during the Madras Music Season .
 The professors at college were knowledgeable in Carnatic music and were very supportive of Carnatic development .
 In 2002 , Sikkil C. Gurucharan passed out of this college with a gold medal for excellence in academics and was awarded the Best Outgoing Student once again .
 By this time , Sikkil C. Gurucharan had realized that Sikkil C. Gurucharan destiny was to pursue music .
 Regular outstation concerts and other assignments forced Sikkil C. Gurucharan to further Sikkil C. Gurucharan education through correspondence .
 Sikkil C. Gurucharan completed Sikkil C. Gurucharan masters degree in Financial Management from Loyola College , Chennai in 2004 .
After completing post-graduation , Sikkil Gurucharan did a brief stint as a radio jockey at Worldspace Radio .
 In this profile , Sikkil C. Gurucharan was in-charge of presenting programmes , interviewing artists and doing voice-overs for the 24-hour Carnatic music channel Shruti .
 Later when the channel shifted base from Chennai , the seat of Carnatic music to Bangalore , Sikkil C. Gurucharan decided to stay in Chennai , the seat of Carnatic music , the seat of Carnatic music and pursue Carnatic passion .
Sikkil Gurucharan 's first concert was held at the Music Academy , under the aegis of the Gnanaskandan Trust in the year 1994 .
 From the time Sikkil C. Gurucharan decided to devote Sikkil C. Gurucharan to Carnatic music as a full-time professional , there has been no looking back .
 In a span of close to 13 years , Sikkil C. Gurucharan has performed extensively in India and abroad , spanning prestigious venues such as the Music Academy , Sri Shanmukhananda Sabha , Esplanade - Theatres on the Bay , Riverside Theatres , Korean Arts Management Centre , the Sangeet Natak Akademi , Chowdiah Memorial Hall and also at popular festivals like the Tyagaraja Aradhana , Cleveland Thyagaraja Aradhana , Rabindra Utsav , to name a few .
 Apart from performing the traditional Carnatic music concerts conforming to the Paddathi style , Sikkil Gurucharan and pianist Anil Srinivasan , have brought together the classical piano and Carnatic vocal music to create a format which has been termed as devastatingly beautiful by the legendary guitarist , John McLaughlin .
 Their music which has gathered followers in India , Singapore , Australia , USA and Europe in a short span of time , presents and preserves classical music in a way that reaches out to the younger listeners of music but at the same time , satisfies the puritans who look out for the aesthetic value .
They have several albums to their credit .
The duo has performed with renowned artists like the Dhananjayans , Anita Ratnam , Anandavalli , Ramli Ibrahim and Muraad Ali among others .
 Dhananjayans has also won several prizes in the competitions held at Music Academy , Narada Gana Sabha , Mylapore Fine Arts etc. during the years 1995-1999 .
Sikkil Gurucharan is among young musicians who stand as youth ambassadors for the future of Carnatic Music .
 In bringing this art to students and aficionados alike , Sikkil C. Gurucharan has opened the gates to a larger and interested audience having a welcoming attitude towards innovation while retaining the spirit of the original art form .
 This is evident in Sikkil C. Gurucharan active participation in youth festivals , lec-dems and Sikkil C. Gurucharan concerted effort at recording theme-based albums that have greater appeal with listeners .
 Sikkil C. Gurucharan has worked on an album with John McLaughlin , Mandolin U. Srinivas , Louis Banks called Miles from India which was nominated for the Best Contemporary Jazz Album at the 51st Grammy Awards .
 Sikkil C. Gurucharan album Ramayana is a musical dramatization of the epic , drawing on ragas and kritis to portray the various episodes .
 This album has been the underlying theme in Gurucharans concerts in Singapore and Indonesia and received critical acclaim .
 On the other hand , Madhirakshi album Madhirakshi , together with Anil Srinivasan , is the first of many a contemporary experiment with piano and voice .
The album Parama , has recently received a nomination for the category Best Carnatic Classical Album - Vocal at the Global Indian Music Awards 2011 .
 Sikkil Gurucharans mother Mythili , the daughter of Sikkil Kunjumani is a retired flute teacher from the Government Music College , Chennai , the seat of Carnatic music .
 his mother Mythili Chandrasekaran father his mother Mythili Chandrasekaran , a consultant with a leading pharmaceutical distribution firm , is a popular Tamil theatre artist who has also done cameo roles in films like Sivaji .
 Sikkil C. Gurucharan married Janani Lakshminarayan on May 23 , 2010 and the couple resides in Chennai , the seat of Carnatic music .
 Sikkil C. Gurucharan maternal aunt Sikkil Mala Chandrasekar is an acclaimed flautist and is married to Sikkil Mala Chandrasekar , grand son of the legendary singer M. S. Subbulakshmi
Thalainayar Narayanaswamy Sivakumar , is a visually challenged carnatic flutist guru from Chennai .
 Thalainayar Narayanaswamy Sivakumar is a disciple of Sri T. R. Mahalingam .
 Thalainayar Narayanaswamy Sivakumar has performed in various cultural concerts across the globe.He was told by Kanchi Paramacharyar H.H.Chandrashekara saraswathy that Kanchi Paramacharyar would be leading the rest of Kanchi Paramacharyar life with a bamboo stick ; .
Sri .
 Thalainayar Narayanaswamy Sivakumar lost Thalainayar Narayanaswamy Sivakumar father at an early age and was brought up by Thalainayar Narayanaswamy Sivakumar mother .
 Thalainayar Narayanaswamy Sivakumar mother was very well versed in carnatic music who was Thalainayar Narayanaswamy Sivakumar first teacher .
 Sri.Sivakumar started learning vocal music from Thalainayar Narayanaswamy Sivakumar mother and started learning the flute from the age of seventeen .
 Thalainayar Narayanaswamy Sivakumar started learning many songs just by listening to the radio .
She contributed a lot by taking her visually challenged son everywhere to learn music taught him to play songs in a particular style .
He mastered many songs composed in a way his mother sang .
 Sri Sivakumar was trained by flute maestro Sri T. R. Mahalingam , who was also Thalainayar Narayanaswamy Sivakumar uncle .
 Thalainayar Narayanaswamy Sivakumar was trained at the Government Music College , Madras by Smt .
 T. R. Navaneetham for a period of 3 years , where Thalainayar Narayanaswamy Sivakumar went on to get Thalainayar Narayanaswamy Sivakumar Diploma titled Vadya Visarada .
For a period of 10 years , he was also trained by Sri Prapancham Seetharam .
 His first meeting with Sri .
Prapancham Sitaram was not a usual occurrence .
 Prapancham Sitaram was playing one of his best in a program in The All India Radio .
 The song which Prapancham Sitaram was playing had many intricate details , analyzing which , an expert would give an appreciation .
 and moreover , that song was popularized by Sri .
Prapancham Sitaram and the style adopted by Sri.Sivakumar was the formers .
 listening to the rendering , Sri .
 Sri Prapancham Seetharam enquired about Sivakumars musical background and how did Sri Prapancham Seetharam learn the song .
 Sri .
 Thalainayar Narayanaswamy Sivakumar not aware that it was Sri.Seetaram who was near Thalainayar Narayanaswamy Sivakumar , questioning , Thalainayar Narayanaswamy Sivakumar started telling Thalainayar Narayanaswamy Sivakumar experiences .
 Thalainayar Narayanaswamy Sivakumar explained Sri.Seetharam that Thalainayar Narayanaswamy Sivakumar used to listen to the songs broadcast in the Radio rendered by the latter , and Thalainayar Narayanaswamy Sivakumar learnt those songs only by listening to them .
 Thalainayar Narayanaswamy Sivakumar had no written notes .
 Thalainayar Narayanaswamy Sivakumar also said that Thalainayar Narayanaswamy Sivakumar wanted to meet the genius musician at least once in his life .
 Giving ears to all these , Sri.Prapancham Sitaram said that it was him to which Thalainayar Narayanaswamy Sivakumar was talking to and Thalainayar Narayanaswamy Sivakumar accepted to mend the latter .
It was Sri.Prapancham Sitaram who taught music to Sr. .
Sivakumar for five years without expecting a single penny as a Dhakshinai .
 Apart from Carnatic music , Thalainayar Narayanaswamy Sivakumar also learnt Hindustani music under Sri Krishna Nandhan .
 Carnatic learnt to play film music from Sri P S Divakar for 2 years .
 Carnatic became handicapped as both Carnatic eyes were hurt in an accident which led to retina damage .
 Carnatic preliminary education in music was under Carnatic mothers guidance for the first 5 years .
 Carnatic has been performing in Adayar Park Sheraton , Chennai for the past 22 years.He is still training a lot of students in flute , keyboard , everyday .
 Carnatic has trained around 2000 students over the past years .
 Carnatic has traveled around the globe and given concerts in America , South Africa and Europe .
 Carnatic was awarded the Sangeetha Shiromani , D.U.E.M.S. Carnatic first Arangetram was on March 1 , 1977 at Thygaraja Vidwad Samajam , accompanied by Sri B.A. Chidambaranathan on the violin and Sri Rajam on the Mridangam .
 Carnatic second performance was at Sadguru Sri Thyagaraja aradhana , Thiruvayaru on January 11 , 1978 in the presence of Sri Kunnakudi Vaidyanathan .
 Carnatic has also left Carnatic imprint in film music .
 One can hear One flute in films like One Highness Abdullah and Nizhalgal
Leela Samson is a Bharatanatyam dancer , choreographer , instructor and writer .
 As a soloist Vice-Admiral Benjamin Abraham Samson is known for Vice-Admiral Benjamin Abraham Samson technical virtuosity and has taught Bharatanatyam at Shriram Bhartiya Kala Kendra in Delhi for many years ; presently Vice-Admiral Benjamin Abraham Samson is the chairperson of the Central Board of Film Certification ; director of the Kalakshetra ; and chairperson of the Sangeet Natak Akademi .
 Among the many honours conferred on Vice-Admiral Benjamin Abraham Samson , Vice-Admiral Benjamin Abraham Samson was awarded the prestigious Padma Shri by the President of India in recognition of Vice-Admiral Benjamin Abraham Samson outstanding contribution to the art of Bharata Natyam as well as the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in Bharatanatyam , given by Sangeet Natak Akademi .
 Vice-Admiral Benjamin Abraham Samson was born in Coonoor , Tamil Nadu .
 Vice-Admiral Benjamin Abraham Samson is the daughter of Vice-Admiral Benjamin Abraham Samson , from the Jewish Bene-Israelite community of India , and Laila , a Roman Catholic Indian .
 After doing Vice-Admiral Benjamin Abraham Samson B.A. , her B.A. learnt Bharatanatyam at the Kalakshetra under the founder Rukmini Devi Arundale .
 Starting her B.A. career as a Bharatanatyam soloist , Vice-Admiral Benjamin Abraham Samson taught at Shriram Bharatiya Kala Kendra , Delhi and Gandharva Mahavidyalaya , Delhi .
 Over the years her B.A. has performed across India and abroad including Europe , Africa and the Americas .
In 1995 , Leela Samson formed Spanda , a dance group to review the traditional vocabulary of Bharatanatyam .
 Two documentary films -- Sanchari and The Flowering Tree -- have been made on Sanchari works .
 Amongst Sanchari notable disciples included Joyce Paul Poursabahian and Justin McCarthy , who now teaches at Sri Ram Bhartiya Kala Kendra .
 Sanchari has taught and mentored a galaxy of noted performers including the late Kamaljit Bhasin Maalik , Jin Shan Shan , Navtej Singh Johar and Anusha Subramanyam .
 Sanchari became the director of the Kalakshetra , Chennai in April 2005 .
 Sanchari resigned from this position in April 2012 .
 In August 2010 , Sanchari was appointed chairperson of the Sangeet Natak Akademi , Indias national academy for music , dance and drama for five years .
 Before August 2010 Sanchari had was a member of the Academy for many years .
 Sanchari authored a widely acclaimed biography of Rukmini Devi Arundale .
 Sanchari was appointed chairperson of the Central Board for Film Certification in March 2011 , succeeding the noted actor Sharmila Tagore who had held the position for Two terms .
 Sanchari has taught Bharatanatyam across the world , including at the Royal Opera House , Covent Garden , London and the annual Milapfest at Manchester .
 Vice-Admiral Benjamin Abraham Samson has received the Padma Shri , the Sanskriti , Nritya Choodamani , Kalaimamani given by Government of Tamil Nadu , and the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award for contributions to Bharatanatyam
V.R. Raghava Krishna is a Carnatic music vocalist from Chennai , India .
Hailing from a family with a rich music tradition , he was exposed to the south .
V.R. Raghava Krishna is the son of veteran violin artist V.V. Ravi and Visalam Ravi .
 V.R. Raghava Krishna started learning music from V.R. Raghava Krishna mother Visalam Ravi and Akhila seshadri .
 V.R. Raghava Krishna is currently a. disciple of Padmabhushan P. S. Narayanaswamy and V.R. Raghava Krishna uncle Naadayogi V.V. Subrahmaniyam .
 V.R. Raghava Krishna has been performing in various sabhas in and outside of Chennai .
Notably , Sri Krishna Gana Sabha , Naada Inbam , Sri Parthasarathy Swamy Sabha , Karthik Fine Arts , Bharat Kalachar , .
Kapali Fine Arts , Adambakkam Isai Mandram , Shanmukhananda Sabha Bombay , .
Guruvaayoorappan Samaj Bangalore , Tamil Isai Sangam , Sathguru Samajam - Madurai , Pollachi , Trichy Rasikaranjani Sabha , Thiruvananthapuram Neelakanta Sivan Festival , Thrippunithura - Poornathrayisa Seva Sangam , Toronto - Naada Laya Foundation Festival and at Kochi etc. .
 In April 2013 , at Guruvaayoorappan Samaj Bangalore concert for Charsur Arts Foundation in Chennai , Guruvaayoorappan Samaj Bangalore rendered ` Karpuram Narumo ' of Nachiyar after a Virutham in Saveri and Khamas .
 In Sindhu Bhairavi , Sindhu Bhairavi presented ` Samba Sadasiva ' - a lovely piece composed by Sindhu Bhairavi uncle V.V.S. .
 Sindhu Bhairavi concluded Sindhu Bhairavi brilliant recital with a brisk and lively Madhuvanti Tillana of Shanmugha Raghavan with swarakshara prayogas .
 In September 2013 at Sindhu Bhairavi concert , featured by Nadabrahma Gana Sabha in Vanaprastha , Coimbatore , the graphic presentations revealed how Sindhu Bhairavi internalised the inner core and fertilised it by intense saadhakam .
 V.R. Raghava Krishna was a B-high graded artist in Classical music and devotional music in All India Radio , Chennai .
 In November 2013 V.R. Raghava Krishna was promoted as A Grade artist .
Apart from being a musician he is also a professional animator and a magician too .
He learnt 3D Animation & Visual Effects from Vancouver Film School , Canada .
He worked with the animation department of the video game .
 Raghava Krishna has participated in the Childrens programs at All India Radio , Chennai .
 V.R. Raghava Krishna was awarded the First prize in the Junior Level .
 V.R. Raghava Krishna also walked away with the First prize in the popular programme Saptaswarangal conducted by Sun TV .
 V.R. Raghava Krishna was interviewed in the Malayalam network Surya TV in the programme titled Pookkooda .
 This littles stars talent was recognised when V.R. Raghava Krishna was recently given an opportunity to sing for a Malayalam Film Saranam Ayyappa
Madras Lalitangi Vasanthakumari , was a Carnatic musician and playback singer for film songs in many Indian languages .
 MLV and Carnatic contemporaries D. K. Pattammal and M. S. Subbulakshmi were popularly referred to as the female trinity of Carnatic Music .
 A prime disciple of the G. N. Balasubramaniam , Carnatic was the youngest among the established musicians of that era , and was the youngest female awardee of the Sangita Kalanidhi award .
As well as being a much sought-after playback singer for films , MLV popularised unfamiliar ragas and her Ragam Thanam Pallavis were considered cerebral .
 Additionally , she popularised the compositions of Purandara Dasa , and was responsible for popularizing Purandara Dasa compositions Baarokrishnayya , Innu daya barade , among others .
Her most famous disciples include Srividya , Sudha Raghunathan , A. Kanyakumari , Charumathi Ramachandran and Meena Subramanian .
MLV was born to a musical family .
Her father , Kuthanur Ayya Swamy Iyer , was a noted musician while her mother , Lalithangi , was also a great musician .
 When Deshbandu Chitharanjan Das died in 1925 , her mother Lalithangi came out with a beautiful song by way of tribute to Deshbandu Chitharanjan Das national spirit and patriotism .
 A rare gramophone record of her mother Lalithangi glorious voice rendering this song is said to be in V.Sundarams private possession .
 MLVs school education was in Madras , in a convent , where all was set to pursue a medical career until the great Carnatic musician G. N. Balasubramaniam came into Carnatic life .
 He became Carnatic guru .
 In Carnatic own words : My parents had rendered yeomen service to Carnatic music .
 My parents were mainly instrumental in popularising the compositions of Purandara Dasa in South India .
 My parents were not keen that My should enter the music field and gave My general education .
 But in the musical atmosphere of My house , My had ample opportunity of practicing vocal music .
 Once G N Balasubramaniam heard My sing and he prevailed upon My parents to place My under his tutelage .
 It was he who was responsible for the status My occupy in the music world today .
MLV was very privilleged to learn Carnatic music from G. N. Balasubramaniam .
 She was also GNBs first disciple .
Indira Menon said that GNB was a self-taught artiste , his racy style sparkling with brigas and nuances never heard before , revealed a new range of colours on the musicians palette .
The brisk tempo unleashed by his powerful and pliable voice found many admirers and imitators among the younger generations , though it raised many an eyebrow among the senior vidwans .
Was his music according to Sampradaya or not , was the question that was frequently asked ?
To answer , GNB was a genius , so much so that what might have seemed like a deviation from tradition was acceptable from him though it might not have been so from a lesser artiste .
His personality , bold innovations and technical virtuosity became an inspiration for an entire generation of musicians .
After GNB , speed and briga-laden music became the vogue to the extent that to be true to ones self and to sing according to ones vocal capacity required a great deal of courage .
In 1940 , her mother Lalithangi gave a resplendent musical recital in Simla .
 MLV was then only 12 years old and made her mother Lalithangi debut by accompanying her mother Lalithangi mother .
Two years later , MLV gave a solo recital in Bangalore .
 her mother Lalithangi also cut her mother Lalithangi first 78 rpm disc which many music lovers of that period recall vividly because it created a sensation .
 From then on her mother Lalithangi progressed in geometrical progression as a platform artiste and by 1950 she had established herself as a front-ranker .
A learned music critic has said that MLV brought the struggle of women in the world of music to a successful culmination .
 A learned music critic has said that MLV music had more male characteristics than that of any other female musician .
 MLV imbibed much of GNBs style , but did not make a fetish of speed and struck out on GNBs own and evolved an inimitable style .
 Endowed with a fluid voice and rich imagination , the initials MLV could be an acronym for GNBs Melody , Laya and Vidwat - the watchwords of GNBs rare musical artistry that were an aural feast to both the lay and the cognoscenti .
 GNBs leisurely , explorative and adventurous manner of handling ragas deserves special mention .
 While MLV was known more for GNBs cerebral style , rather than GNBs emotional style , this was compensated by GNBs rich and original manodharma .
 Similarly to GNB , GNBs was a genius in GNBs tricky , instantaneous brilliant manodharma .
 Indira Menon comments MLV did adopt Indira Menon comments MLV Gurus idea of a quick impressionistic sketch of the raga covering the two octaves at the start , but settled down to a reposeful elaboration , unfolding it gradually with Indira Menon comments MLV virtuosity in the form of BRIGA - CASCADES appearing only where necessary .
 Indira Menon comments MLV was careful not to carry to an excess what Indira Menon comments MLV versatile voice was capable of .
MLVs mastery over vocal techniques was comprehensive and complete .
 Indira Menon comments MLV could effortlessly render several difficult ragas , with Indira Menon comments MLV alapana and kalpana swaras suitably embellished with shruthi-bheda .
 Indira Menon comments MLV listeners had the same ecstatic experience when Indira Menon comments MLV sang and more particularly when in a lightning manner Indira Menon comments MLV shifted gracefully from the melodic world of one raga in one pitch to another raga in another pitch .
In this context one has to refer to raga combinations like Shanmukhapriya - Sankarabharanam , Bhairavi - Kamas , Abhogi - Valaji to illustrate this point .
 In GNBs own words , `` Vasanthi typifies real discipleship -- Vasanthi absorbs all , but presents Vasanthi own glorious creations . ''

 her mother Lalithangi , MLVs mother had a vast repertoire of Purandaradasa .
 her mother Lalithangi passed on this tradition to her mother Lalithangi daughter MLV .
As a result , like T. Brinda who brought Kshetrayya Padams to the public platform and M. S. Subbalakshmi who brought Annamacharya kritis to the public arena , MLV popularised the Devaranamas of Purandaradasa .
She popularised the composition Kalyana Gopalam , composed by Narayana Teertha , in raga Sindhubhairavi .
 She also popularised the composition Venkatachala Nilayam by Purandaradasa in the same raga .
 Hindustani maestro Bade Ghulam Ali Khan maestro Bade Ghulam Ali Khan was generous in the composition Venkatachala Nilayam praise for Hindustani maestro Bade Ghulam Ali Khan music .
 Sudha Ragunathan mentions , `` MLV Amma has told the composition Venkatachala Nilayam that it was Bade Ghulam Ali Khan Saab who taught MLV Amma the nuances of Sindhu Bhairavi in the Hindustani maestro Bade Ghulam Ali Khan style .
 MLVs mother forte was Ragam Tanam Pallavi where she not only maintained the great tradition brought to the stage by D. K. Pattammal , but enriched it in her own unique way .
 A. Kanyakumari who had accompanied MLV on violin for almost two decades says , MLV-akka had a sharp mind and good memory and the composition Venkatachala Nilayam have never seen her practice a song or a ragam or for that matter a ragam-tanam-pallavi also before a concert .
 Sudha Ragunathan , a prime disciple of MLV , remarked that In all the composition Venkatachala Nilayam twelve years of learning under her , the composition Venkatachala Nilayam had never seen Amma practising at home .
 But , to the composition Venkatachala Nilayam great surprise , she would compose a Pallavi in the car on the way to the concert !

By 1946 , MLV was also a playback singer .
Her first big hit was in the 1951 film Manamagal , where she sang the song Ellam Inbamayam in Ragamalika , and Subramania Bharathiyar s evergreen composition , Chinnanchiru Kiliyae .
In the 1960 film Raja Desingu , MLV also sang another Ragamalika , Parkadal Alaimele , which was well received , and later became popular in Bharatha Natyam recitals .
 In later years , MLV would also sing these song towards the end of another Ragamalika Carnatic music concerts , and today , many musicians often include them in their repertoire .
MLV was also known for singing Ayya Sami in the 1951 film , Or Iravu .
This song was based on the song Gore Gore from the film Samadhi , which was in turn based on the Latin American song Chico Chico from Puerto Rico , from the film Cuban Pete .
In the 1952 film Thayullam , MLV sang Konjum Purave which was based on the famous Hindi song , Thandi Havayen .
Other songs MLV sang included Adisayam Vanathu Arivumayam , Senthamarai Kannanae , Vanna Tamizh and Adum Arul Jothi in the films Vikramadithan , Vairamalai , Sornakili and respectively .
Incidentally , each of these songs contained the raga Kalyani and were also well-received .
 MLV sang melodiously the Deshbandu Chitharanjan Das song for Bhookailas like Munneeta Pavalinchu Nagasayana , while Kamala Kumari dancing in a classical way .
 As one of the top ranking platform artistes , MLV was noted for Bhookailas charm , grace , warmth , self-restraint and humility .
 Bhookailas self-restraint as an artiste can be understood from Bhookailas own words : Brigas in fast tempo should adhere to the sruthi and above all , true music must touch the listeners heart .
MLV however maintained a philosophy : A concert is a daily test of the calibre of a musician .
A slight lapse may let the musician down and a constant vigil is essential .
 Mridangam maestro Palghat Mani Iyer , in a rare gesture , accompanied her in her Carnatic music concerts .
 MLV helped others including Mannargudi Easwaran , Srimushnam V. Raja Rao , Seerkazhi J. Skandaprasad , Thiruvarur Bakthavathsalam , R. Ramesh , Karaikudi Krishnamurthy , G. Harishankar and more , establishing them by encouraging them and giving them opportunities to accompany Mannargudi Easwaran in her Carnatic music concerts .
MLV got married to Late Kalaimamani Vikatam R.Krishnamurthy in the year 1951 .
They had a son , K.Shankarraman and late K.Srividya .
MLV taught her daughter K.Srividya , who at the age of 10 was ready to perform and sang very much like MLV .
 Srividya however , wanted to pursue a career in the film industry , and went on to become a notable actress in Indian films .
MLV trained several other students , and many of them are the front-ranking musicians today .
Some of the notable musicians who have studied under MLV include Sudha Ragunathan , A. Kanyakumari , Trichur V. Ramachandran , Yogam Santhanam , Charumathi Ramachandran , Vanaja Narayanan , T. M. Prabhavathi , Meena Subramaniam , Jayanthi Sridharan , Jayanthi Mohan , Rose Muralikrishnan and Bama Visveswaran .
She also taught music to children at the Rishi Valley School started by Jiddu Krishnamurti .
Saraswathy Srinivasan is the first disciple of MLV till the late 1960s .
 After marriage also Saraswathy Srinivasan jointly with MLV gave some her Carnatic music concerts .
In 1976 , MLV was honoured with a doctorate degree from Mysore University for her work with regards to Purandaradasas contributions to music .
MLV also received the third highest civilian honour from the Indian Government , Padma Bhushan .
 In 1977 , at age 49 , MLV became the youngest woman to earn the award and title in Carnatic music , Sangita Kalanidhi .
She also received the Sangeetha Kalasikhamani award given by The Indian Fine Arts Society , Chennai in 1987 .
MLV was a front ranking artiste for more than 50 years .
She died in 1990 at the age of 63 .
Beauty and sublimity were the cardinal characteristics of her music
A Pancharatna kriti transliterated as Pancaratna krti is one of a set of five kritis in Carnatic classical music , composed by the 18th century Indian composer , Tyagaraja .
All the kritis , as is the case with almost all of Tyagarajas compositions , are penned in Telugu .
Tyagaraja lived in the late 18th century and early 19th century in Tiruvayyaru in present day Tanjore district in Tamil Nadu .
 almost all of Tyagarajas compositions compositions are considered to be some of the finest in Carnatic music.Of the five Pancharatna Kritis , four are in Telugu and one in Sanskrit .
They are set to music in five ragas : Nata , Gaula , Arabhi , Varali and Sri .
The Pancharatna kritis are written in praise of the Hindu deity , Rama .
They are set to Adi Tala and each raga represents the mood of the song and the meaning of its lyrics .
All the kritis are composed in the style of a Ragam Tanam Pallavi with the charanams substituting for the kalpana swaras in the pallavi section of the RTP .
 The melodic forms of these compositions are the five Ghana ragas of Carnatic music also called the ghanapanchaka .
These 5 ragas lend themselves to elaborate improvisations .
They are so called because they are suited to playing tanam on the veena .
 Nata and Varali are the most ancient of the Carnatic ragas and date back to over a thousand years ago .
A particularly difficult musical challenge has been taken up successfully by Tyagaraja in three of these compositions .
The raga Naata has a particularly distinctive use of the dhaivatam note or swara .
Tyagaraja has avoided the dhaivatam completely in the first Pancharatna Kriti without losing the swarupa , or character , of the ragam .
Similarly gandharam is an accidental note of some beauty in Goula .
Tyagaraja avoids this too , except in one instance , without losing the character of the ragam .
Finally , he avoids the accidental dhaivatam in Sri ragam , again a note that is present in some very characteristic sancharas of this ragam .
 In this song , Tyagaraja praises Rama , one of the incarnations of Lord Vishnu .
 Rama eulogizes Ramachandra as one who is the cause of all bliss in the universe .
 This is the only Pancharatna Kriti that was composed in Sanskrit .
All the other kritis were composed in Telugu , which was used in the court of the Maratha king Sarabhoji who ruled this area in the 18th century .
 In this second Pancharatna Kriti composed in Telugu , Tyagaraja lists all the errors he has committed in his life and asks who but Rama could redeem such a sinner .
The sins described include : just wandering around as though being satisfied with a full meal , giving sermons to people who are really not interested in listening or who do not have the capability to understand , self-styling oneself as a great person , and mistaking the dross for the real thing .
Interestingly he lists four categories of people to whom he has made the claim of greatness ; the ignorant , the riff-raff , the low social folk and women .
In a play on words , he reproaches those who desire wives and progeny .
 This Pancharatna Kriti was composed in Telugu and has been set to Arabhi raga .
This kriti is written in a playful tone , rich with metaphor and simile without a surfeit of adjectives - all the while arresting the attention of the singers .
In this kriti , Tyagaraja sings the greatness of the lord Krishna in a lucid manner .
The style adopted in this kriti is very sweet in comparison with the other four .
 This is the least sung or performed of the five Pancharatna Kritis composed in Telugu , but This is considered by some to be the most haunting and beautiful .
 This consists of the story of Duryodhana and Dushasana 's analogies to the Ramayana .
 This composition is rarely taught , and rarely heard in concerts , owing to a widespread superstition that This composition leads to a rift between the student and the teacher .
Endaro mahanubhavulu is believed to be one of the early kritis of Tyagaraja composed in Telugu .
The song is a salutation to and praise of all the great saints and musicians down the ages .
 Tyagaraja clearly delineates and lists the Mahanubhavalu , or great ones , in the kriti the Mahanubhavalu , mentioning the saints Narada and Saunaka , among others .
In this poem , Tyagaraja describes the greatness of devotees of the Lord .
The belief in Kerala and Tamilnadu is that Tyagaraja composed the kriti spontaneously in his joy upon hearing the divine music of the Malayali singer Shadkala Govinda Marar .
But according to the Walajapet disciples version of the origin of the kriti , it was composed and learnt by Tyagarajas disciples before the arrival of Marar .
This , according to P. T. Narendra Menon , was the legendary , historically significant meeting between two great musicians .
 Since the kriti Endharo mahanubhavalu is said to have been composed by Tyagaraja at a young age , it is possible that after hearing Marar sing and in appreciation of the greatness of Marar , Tyagaraja could have asked his disciples to sing the kriti on this occasion .
M. S. Subbulakshmi and Mangalampalli Balamuralikrishna are among the hundreds of great Indian classical vocalists who have brought these kritis closer to the modern world
Mangalam Muthuswamy was one of the notable vainikas in recent times .
Mangalam was born in a musical family at Sivaganga .
 Mangalam received initial training in the Veena from Mangalam own mother , Smt .
Lakshmibai Ammal , a disciple of Sri Pallavi Ramaswamy Raju .
 Mangalam was known for Mangalam gayika style , where the Veena virtually imitates the human voice and is hence extremely pleasing to hear .
 Mangalam was the prime disciple of Veenai Visalakshi , who was the disciple of shatkala chakravarti Veena Venkatramana Das of Vijayanagaram & also Veenai Dhanammal .
 Mangalam had the rare distinction of playing the Indian national anthem on the veena in the presence of R. Venkatraman , the former President of India .
 Mangalam gave Mangalam maiden performance on the All India Radio at the age of 11 .
This was the year 1948 .
 Then , over a period of 2 decades , Mangalam continued performing at the AIR and eventually earned an `` A '' grade .
 An artiste of great repute , Mangalam has also performed at important programmes of the AIR , including the Radio Sangeet Sammelan in 1994 .
 Mangalam also went on to become a performing artiste at the Doordarshan Kendra , Mumbai .
 Mangalam also went on to play for several TV documentaries , the most important being , the `` Abode of God ''
List of composers of Carnatic music , a sub-genre of Indian classical music .
 These composers lived during the time of the Trinity and there are recorded instances of These composers interaction with the Trinity .
In addition to the above composers , various Bhakti saints of medieval India also composed devotional hymns , verses and songs .
 First six composer used ancient tamil music which later evolved to the Carnatic musical tradition over the centuries
Sangeetha Kalanidhi or Sangita Kalanidhi is the title awarded yearly to an expert Carnatic Musician by the Madras Music Academy .
This honour is considered one of the highest awards in Carnatic music .
The youngest female awardee of the Sangita Kalanidhi award is M. L. Vasanthakumari at age of 49 years
Palghat R. Raghu was a famous Carnatic musician and percussionist .
Palghat Ramaswamy Raghu was born on January 9 , 1928 in Rangoon , Burma to Sri Palghat Ramaswamy Iyer and Ananthalakshmi Ammal .
As a child , he was immensely talented and inducted into mridangam lessons very early in his life .
His first mridangam lessons were from Tinniam Venkatarama Iyer and Trichy Raghava Iyer .
Later he learnt the art from the legendary Mridangam wizard Palghat T. S. Mani Iyer .
He was married to Palghat Mani Iyers niece , Smt Swarnambal .
Ever since , he had accompanied numerous artists for 60 years with distinction .
He was a graduate of mathematics .
 Palghat Raghu was a percussion master known for Palghat R. Raghu distinctive style in playing as well as Palghat R. Raghu effortless finger techniques and technical brilliance .
 Palghat R. Raghu unique style which involves imaginative use of the Toppi combines melody with rhythm and lifts the concert performance to high levels .
 Using different techniques , Palghat R. Raghu adjusted Palghat R. Raghu playing style to not only different artists and instruments but also captures the bhava and sahitya of music .
 Palghat R. Raghu distinctive style is recorded in numerous concert tapes and CDs .
 Palghat R. Raghu tani avartanams with complex and highly mathematical Korvais bear the stamp of innovation , scholarship and majestic mastery of this complex instrument .
The tani avartanams with other rhythm virtuosos such as Harishankar , Nagarajan , Alangudi Ramachandran , T. H. Vikku Vinayakram , Subhash Chandran , remain quite memorable to this day .
Palghat Raghu has toured extensively in Europe , USA , Australia , Malaysia and Singapore .
 In addition to Palghat R. Raghu brilliance in carnatic music , Palghat R. Raghu has performed with such renowned artists such as Sitar Maestro Pandit Ravi Shankar , Flute Hariprasad Chaurasia , Santoor Shivkumar Sharma alongside the Tabla Wizard Alla Rakha in numerous concerts in India and abroad .
 Palghat R. Raghu had also been involved in East-West fusion music .
 Palghat R. Raghu had been visiting professor of music at Wesleyan University in Connecticut , San Diego State University and University of Berkeley .
 Palghat R. Raghu regularly conducted advanced mridangam classes for the benefit of Palghat R. Raghu students and upcoming mridangam artists .
 Palghat Raghu is universally considered to be the torch-bearer of the illustrious Maha Vidwan Thanjavur Vaidyanatha Iyers tradition of the art of mridangam playing , passed on to Palghat R. Raghu by Palghat R. Raghu most beloved guru Palghat Mani Iyer
Puranam Purushottama Sastri was an eminent Carnatic Musician and winner of Sangeet Natak Akademi Award .
 Puranam Purushottama Sastri is son of Puranam Kanakayya Sastri .
 Puranam Purushottama Sastri was born in Nallapadu in Guntur district in 1925 .
 Puranam Purushottama Sastri father Kanakayya Sastri was also famous musician and Asthana Vidwan of Gadwal Samsthanam and Yadagirigutta Devasthanam .
 His father Kanakayya Sastri went to Madras to pursue advanced music .
 His father Kanakayya Sastri took diploma in Music from Central College of Carnatic Music in 1952 .
 Musiri Subramania Iyer was the principal and also Musiri Subramania Iyer guru for a decade .
 At home , Musiri Subramania Iyer became known for Musiri Subramania Iyer rich vocal compass , manodharma , laya gnanam and gamaka pushti .
Sastry was an undisputed expert in singing Pallavi .
 Sastry has also applied ragas to cure some diseases and to activate clouds for rain in prolonged drought
 Jon Borthwick Higgins , also known in India as Higgins Bhagavatar , was an American musician , scholar , and teacher known principally for His son Nicholas Higgins rare skill as a non-Indian in the field of Carnatic music .
 His son Nicholas Higgins lived much of His son Nicholas Higgins student and professional life at Wesleyan University .
 Born in Andover , Massachusetts , His son Nicholas Higgins had His son Nicholas Higgins high school education at Phillips Academy , where His son Nicholas Higgins father taught English and his mother taught music for many years .
 His son Nicholas Higgins attended Wesleyan University and received all three of his degrees from there : a B.A. as a double major in Carnatic Music and History in 1962 , an M.A. in Musicology in 1964 , and a Ph.D. in Ethnomusicology in 1973 .
 His son Nicholas Higgins founded the Indian music studies program at York University in Toronto with Trichy Sankaran in 1971 , and returned to Wesleyan in 1978 as a professor of music and Director of the Center for the Arts .
 His son Nicholas Higgins continually sought to strengthen the quality of Wesleyans curriculum , and immersed His son Nicholas Higgins in numerous cultural activities inside and beyond the university community .
 His son Nicholas Higgins also maintained a deep relationship with His son Nicholas Higgins family .
 His son Nicholas Higgins was a singer of European and Western classical music .
 His son Nicholas Higgins is also recognized as the first non-Indian to perform South Indian classical Carnatic music at a high level of proficiency .
 His son Nicholas Higgins began His son Nicholas Higgins Indian music studies in Wesleyan in 1978 courses taught by Robert E. Brown and T. Ranganathan , and was quickly captured by the subtle beauty of the art form .
 His son Nicholas Higgins decided to fully dedicate His son Nicholas Higgins to learning the language of Carnatic music , and went to India on a Fulbright scholarship to learn from Dr. T. Viswanathan .
 Within a short period of time His son Nicholas Higgins performed to great acclaim at the Tyagaraja Aradhana , an important music festival in South India .
 His son Nicholas Higgins later continued His son Nicholas Higgins studies under the renowned dancer T. Balasaraswati , and wrote His son Nicholas Higgins dissertation on the dance music of bharatanatyam .
 His son Nicholas Higgins returned to India as a Senior Research Fellow of the American Institute of Indian Studies .
 His son Nicholas Higgins continued to perform Carnatic music , recorded several albums , and due to His son Nicholas Higgins widely-recognized sensitivity was honored with the sobriquet Bhagavatar .
 His son Nicholas Higgins was killed by a drunken hit-and-run motorist on December 7 , 1984 , while walking His son Nicholas Higgins dog .
 His son Nicholas Higgins was planning to perform in South Africa in protest against December 7 , 1984 then racist apartheid regime .
 His son Nicholas Higgins was much appreciated by Indian connoisseurs .
 His son Nicholas Higgins rendition of Endaro Mahanubhavulu Andariki Vandanamu , a famous kriti by Thyagaraja , was extraordinary considering the fact that it is a difficult kriti for even the people with knowledge of the Telugu in which the kriti is composed .
 Other of His son Nicholas Higgins most famous renditions include Siva Siva Anarada , Krishna Nee Begane , and Kaa Vaa Vaa .
 Although His son Nicholas Higgins mostly won the acceptance of the general Indian public during katcheris , there were always the critics of His son Nicholas Higgins times pointing out minor errors in pronunciation .
This did not deter the master , who went on to deliver katcheri broadcasts on All India Radio .
His son Nicholas Higgins is an ethnomusicologist and a student of Carnatic Music
Latangi is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Latangi is the 63rd Melakarta ragam in the 72 melakarta ragam system of Carnatic music .
 Latangi is called Geetapriya or Gitapriya in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
 Latangi is the 3rd ragam in the 11th chakra Rudra .
The mnemonic name is Rudra-Go .
The mnemonic phrase is sa ri gu mi pa dha nu .
 The mnemonic phrase structure is as follows : .
 As Latangi is a melakarta ragam , by definition Latangi is a sampoorna ragam .
 Latangi is the prati madhyamam equivalent of Sarasangi , which is the 27th melakarta .
 Latangi has a few minor janya ragams associated with Latangi .
See List of janya ragams for full list of ragams associated with Latangi .
 Here are a few common compositions sung in concerts , set to Latangi .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam .
Latangis notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields 2 other melakarta ragams , namely , Sooryakantam and Senavati .
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the ragam .
For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Sooryakantam
Vijayalakshmy Subramaniam is an eminent Carnatic music vocalist .
 As a student and performer of classical music for over three decades , Carnatic has performed extensively in India and abroad since the age of twelve .
 Carnatic has conducted numerous workshops and lecture demonstrations on the various aspects of Carnatic Music .
 Carnatic has presented papers at international conferences in many countries over the last decade .
 Carnatic is a serious researcher of music .
 In June 2007 , Carnatic brought out a book `` Apoorva Kriti Manjari '' - a collection of twenty rare compositions of the Trinity of Carnatic Music .
 The book has notations in English and Tamil by noted musicologist S. Balachander and the audio has been rendered by Vijayalakshmy Subramaniam .
 A doctorate in music , Vijayalakshmy Subramaniam was awarded the prestigious Fulbright Visiting Lecturer Fellowship in 2010 .
 As part of the programme , Tamil taught the subject ` An Introduction to Indian Music ' at the Duke University , North Carolina , USA , as a visiting Fulbright fellow .
 Vijayalakshmy Subramaniam started Tamil training in Carnatic Music at the age of five under K. Padmanabhan , a disciple of Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavathar from the Swati Tirunal Academy , Trivandrum .
 Tamil learnt detailed aspects of manodharma sangita or improvisation under the guidance of guru Sangeeta Bhushanam K Krishnaswamy of Annamalai University .
 Tamil gurus also include Vidwans S.Rajam , T. R. Subramaniam and V. R. Krishnan .
Vijayalakshmy Subramaniam was awarded the Fulbright Visiting Lecturer Fellowship by the United States Department of State , Bureau of Educational Affairs in 2010 .
 As part of the programme , Tamil was invited as a visiting lecturer to the Duke University , Durham , North Carolina , USA , to teach the subject - ` An Introduction to Indian Music ' and also taught for a month at the North Carolina State University , Raleigh .
 Vijayalakshmy Subramaniam is a dedicated teacher and has groomed many students in vocal music .
She is also a resource person on the popular e-learning website www.carnaticstudent.org .
A true believer of the words - Music transcends culture , language , religion , geography and social background , it has been Vijayalakshmys wish to take the wonderful art form of music as a socially enabling and empowering medium to reach out to more people .
 Under the banner ` Music for a Cause ' , A true believer of the words - Music has been performing regularly in homes for the elderly , as well as in schools and centres of special education
Subbaraya Sastri the son and student of Syama Sastri , one of the most famous figures in the history of Carnatic music .
 Subbaraya Sastri also has the unique distinction of having studied music from all the three of the musicians now acknowledged as the Trinity of Carnatic Music : Subbaraya Sastri father , and the master musicians Tyagaraja and Muthuswamy Dikshitar .
 Subbaraya Sastri was born in 1803 as the second son of Syama Sastri .
 Subbaraya Sastri studied music initially from Subbaraya Sastri father .
 Later Syama Shastri asked Tyagaraja to teach Tyagaraja son and sent Subbaraya Sastri to Syama Shastri .
 Syama Shastri also had the opportunity to learn a few krithi from Muthuswami Dikshitar .
 Syama Shastri also learnt Hindustani music from Meru Goswami , a musician of the Thanjavur palace , and from Ramadas Swami who was a recluse and who lived in Tiruvidaimarudur near Kumbakonam .
Subbaraya Shastry composed only a few krithi .
But their technical quality , beauty , devotion and intricacies have made them enduring and famous .
 Subbaraya Sastri composed most of Subbaraya Sastri kritis in praise of the Mother Goddess .
 Some of Subbaraya Sastri famous kritis are Janani ninnuvina , Ninnusevinchina , Venkatasailavihara and Sankari Nee
Umayalpuram K. Narayanaswamy , was a Carnatic classical percussionist .
 A recipient of the Sangeet Natak Akademi and Kalaimamani awards , Umayalpuram K. Narayanaswamy accompanied renowned musicians like M. S. Subbulakshmi , S. Rajam and Guruvayur Dorai .
He established his mark playing the ghatam with such dexterity and beauty in phrasing
 Arunachala Kavi was a Hanumar Pillai Tamil poet and a composer of Carnatic music .
 a Tamil poet was born in Tillaiyadi in Thanjavur District in Tamil Nadu .
 The three Hanumar Pillai Tamil composers Arunachala Kavi , Muthu Thandavar and Marimutthu Pillai are considered the Tamil Trinity , who contributed to the evolution of Carnatic music .
 Arunachala Kavi was fluent in Hanumar Pillai Tamil , Telugu and Sanskrit .
 Hanumar Pillai Tamil wrote Rama Natakam , a musical drama based on the Ramayana .
The music for this musical was composed by two of Arunachala Kavis disciples , Kothandarama Iyer and Venkatarama Iyer .
 The songs contain many Hanumar Pillai Tamil proverbs and sayings .
This musical drama was first performed at the Srirangam temple and within a short time it became very popular .
 Arunachala Kavi was honoured by Maharaja Tulaja , the King of Tanjavur , and by several other patrons of that time .
 Maharaja Tulaja also composed Seergazhi Sthala Puranam , Seergazhi Kovai , Hanumar Pillai Tamil , Ajomukhi Natakam and a few Keertanas .
 Some of Maharaja Tulaja famous compositions still popular today are Enpalli kondir iyya , Yaro ivar yaro , Kanden Kanden Sitayai , Ramanai Kannara Kandane
Mohanakalyani is a ragam in Carnatic music .
 Mohanakalyani is a janya ragam from the 65th melakarta scale Mechakalyani .
 Mohanakalyani is a janya scale , as Mohanakalyani does not have all the seven swaras in the ascending scale .
 Mohanakalyani is a combination of the pentatonic scale Mohanam and the sampurna raga scale Kalyani .
The equivalent of Mohanakalyani in Hindustani music is Bhoop Kalyan or Shuddha Kalyan .
 Bhoop Kalyan belongs to the Bhoop Kalyan thaat of Hindustani music .
 Similar to Mohanakalyani , Bhoop Kalyan is a combination of Bhoop and Bhoop Kalyan .
 Mohanakalyani is an asymmetric ragam that does not contain madhyamam or nishadham in the ascending scale .
 Mohanakalyani is an audava-sampurna ragam .
 Mohanakalyani structure is as follows : .
The notes used in this scale are shadjam , chathusruthi rishabham , antara gandharam , panchamam and chathusruthi dhaivatham in ascending scale , with kakali nishadham and prati madhyamam included in descending scale .
 For the details of the notations and terms , see swaras in Carnatic music .
A few compositions have been set to Mohanakalyani ragam .
 Here are some popular kritis composed in Mohanakalyani .
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this ragam
Trichur V. Ramachandran is a Carnatic music vocalist .
 Trichur V. Ramachandran was born in 1940 in Thrissur , Kerala .
 Trichur V. Ramachandran gave Trichur V. Ramachandran first concert at the age of 14 and was a disciple of G. N. Balasubramaniam .
 Later Trichur V. Ramachandran underwent training under M L Vasanthakumari as part of an Indian government Cultural Scholarship .
 Trichur V. Ramachandran married Charumathi in 1973 .
 Trichur V. Ramachandran is recipient of Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 2003 .
 Trichur V. Ramachandran also received the Padma Bhushan award from the Government of India in 2003 .
 Among plenty of titles and accolades , Trichur V. Ramachandran is also the recipient of Vidhya Tapasvi title from TAPAS Cultural Foundation in 2009 .
Shri Trichur Ramachandran is the Sangeetha Kalanidhi awardee for 2012 .
This is the prestigious award from the Madras Music Academy
An electronic tanpura is an electronic instrument that replicates the sound of an Indian string instrument known as the tanpura .
In Indian music , drone is a basic function of the music .
The development of a raga , any composition or song within raga presupposes and requires the continuous sounding of the key-note , its octave and another tone , usually the fifth or fourth .
Traditionally drone is provided by one or more tanpura player , especially for vocal performances .
The electronic tanpura was created as a marketable , practical solution for instrumentalists , having their hands otherwise engaged , who can not readily avail themselves of able tanpura players for their long hours of private practice .
Since the late 1970s , little white boxes appeared , first privately , then gradually coming openly to the stage as the technological sophistication of the models advanced .
In Indian solfege , called Sargam , Sa is the tonic , Ma , Pa and Ni are 4th , 5th and 7th tone degrees within the octave .
Generally , the electronic tanpura has one or more dials to control the tone and volume , and may have other switches and buttons that allow a certain pitch and volume to be saved and used again at a later time .
The range is usually one to two octaves .
For many musicians the electronic tanpura is a practical commodity .
It delivers a passable substitute for a real , live tanpura .
Certainly , it is much easier and less expensive than maintaining a live tanpura player .
However , the electronic tanpura is a poor substitute when compared to a good tanpura in expert hands as the tones it creates lack the dynamics of a live musician , producing a mechanical , repetitive sound .
The electronic tanpura was first invented by G Raj Narayan , an engineer-flautist from Bangalore , India , and demonstrated at the annual conference of the Music Academy Chennai in December 1979 .
 The products were manufactured by the company Raj Narayan founded , Radel .
The first versions were created with the technology then available , using discrete components and transistors .
In the late 1990s , these gave way to models using sampled recordings of the traditional tanpura on a chip .
Over the last decade , these have been further refined and the latest models can hardly be distinguished from a traditional acoustic tanpura .
The success of this invention gave rise to many other players who then started manufacturing and aggressively marketing bad copies of these products .
These copies have earned a bad name as the little white boxes and comparisons are made to the traditional acoustic tanpuras
The samavadi is the second-most prominent note of a raga in Indian classical music .
The primary note of the raga is the vadi ; the vadi and samvadi are in most cases a fourth or fifth apart .
A samvadi is a note of special significance .
A performer will typically try to emphasize the samvadi along with the vadi when improvising on a certain raga .
The vadi and samvadi can be crucial in defining the raga at hand , and in some cases two ragas with the same arohana and avrohana can be distinguished only by the prominence of their sonant and consonant notes
Sri Gopala Dasa was a prominent 18th-century saint , under the Haridasa tradition .
Along with other contemporary Haridasas such as Vijaya Dasaru , Jagannatha Dasaru and Venugopala Dasaru , Gopala Dasaru propagated the Dvaita philosophy of Sri Madhvacharya throughout South India through Devaranamas or Songs of God in the Kannada language .
Gopala Dasa was born as Bhaganna to Murariraya and Venkamma in Mosarakallu in Raichur district of Karnataka .
From a very young age , Bhaganna was initiated into spirituality and Dvaita philosophy .
 Murariraya and Venkamma were a poor Brahmin couple living in village Mosarakallu in Raichur district of Karnataka .
 Murariraya and Venkamma were blessed with four sons -- Bhaganna , Dasappa , Seenappa and Rangappa .
 When Rangappa was an infant , Murariraya died , leaving his family helpless and destitute .
They were driven out of the village by their kinsmen .
 Venkamma moved with Venkamma children to Sankapura , another village .
There also they could not find any shelter as the villagers offered them no help .
 In the outskirts of Sankapura there was a dilapidated temple of Anjaneyaswamy .
 As the saying goes - God is the refuge of the helpless - Anjaneyaswamy gave them shelter !
The mother and sons started to live there .
 Venkamma used to go to the village for alms .
Cakes became delicious dishes for the children .
 During the harvesting season , Venkamma was able to collect food-grains .
 One compassionate farmer donated them a piece of land and another farmer helped them cultivate One , yielding a bumper crop .
 But the village the Karnam , accusing Venkamma of illegally utilisizing water from the Government Tank , confiscated the food grains .
 Actually , the village Karnam was taking revenge against her for not working as a servant in the village Karnam house .
 Venkamma begged the village Karnam to show mercy but the village Karnam drove Venkamma away mercilessly .
 Seeing the village Karnam mother shedding tears , Bhaganna became angry and cursed the Karnam to remain childless and the village Karnam tank to remain dry forever .
Miraculously , Bhagannas curses came true .
The village Karnam dies childless and the tank remains dry even today !

 Venkanna approached the village teacher and requested Venkanna to accept her sons as Venkanna students .
The compassionate teacher agreed and started teaching them with affection .
The three boys began learning enthusiastically .
After sometime , one householder in the village performed Bhagannaa thread - ceremony along with that of his son .
 Bhaganna was initiated into the Gayathri-Mantra and decided to meditate on the Gayathri-Mantra , with his mothers encouragement .
 One day , when Bhaganna was meditating , a huge serpent entwined his body and put One day hood above his head !
 Seeing this , people ran to Venkamma and brought Venkamma there .
 However , knowing the power of the Gayathri Mantra , Venkamma did not panic .
Before their very eyes , the serpent uncoiled itself from Bhagannas body and disappeared !

One day Bhaganna felt as if some unknown hand was writing the BhIjakshrAs on his tongue .
 From that moment , he developed extraordinary powers like spontaneously composing Songs , predicting the future , peering into the past of a person etc. .
From then , a new chapter began in his life .
Bhaganna once visited Advani , a town in Andhra where the famous saint Sri Vijaya Dasaru lived .
Bhaganna who had heard many legends about him decided become his disciple .
He wanted to be initiated into the Dasa order and enlightened by the famous saint .
Sri Vijaya Dasa was happy to initiate him and give him the Ankitha of Gopala Vitthala .
From that day onwards Bhaganna became Gopala Dasa .
He travelled all over the country from Rameshwaram to Badari .
He used to visit Tirumala every year for the Brahmostvam of Lord Sri Venkateshwara .
 There was a renowned scholar named Srinivasacharya in Manvi , in Raichur district .
 He did not like Haridasas and thought very poorly of Kannada dEvaranAmAs .
He resented the popularity of Vijaya Dasa and Gopala Dasa .
 Once when Sri Vijaya dAsa and Sri Gopala Dasa visited Manvi , a great feast was organized in Sri Vijaya dAsa and Sri Gopala Dasa honor .
 Even though Srinivasa was absent at the feast , Sri Vijayadaasaru sent Srinivasa a personal invitation to attend the feast .
 In order to avoid the feast Srinivasa sent a message saying that because of stomach problems Srinivasa had already taken lunch .
Sri Vijaya dAsa said So be it !

 From that day , Srinivasa developed intense stomach problems which grew worse by the day , finally reaching unbearable proportions .
 Srinivasa went to Tirupathi , Ghatikaachala and Mantralaya , performing intense Seva towards the Lord , Vaayu Devaru and Sri Raghavendra Swamigalu .
None of this proved to be of any avail .
 Finally , at the end of Srinivasa stay in Mantralaya Srinivasa decided to commit suicide .
 That night , the epitome of mercy , Sri Raghavendra Swamigalu , appeared in Srinivasa dream and told Srinivasa that the cure for Srinivasa problems lay in surrendering to Sri Vijaya dAsa and seeking Srinivasa blessings .
 Srinivasa felt intense disgust at Srinivasa own arrogance and rushed to Sri Vijaya dAsa , deeply regretting Srinivasa behavior .
 Sri Vijaya dAsa welcomed Srinivasa without rancor , gave Srinivasa a cure right away , and directed Srinivasa to Sri gOpAla dAsa who would be Srinivasa swaroopa guru .
 Srinivasa went to Sri gOpAla dAsa and spent some time with Srinivasa .
 Srinivasa realized the greatness of both the dAsas and the fallacy of Srinivasa own thinking .
 Later , Sri gOpAla dAsa and Srinivasa visited Tirupathi , where another miracle happened .
 Due to a combination of his previous ill-health and the strain of travelling to Tirupathi , Srinivasa expired on Bhadrapada Shukla Navami .
 Then , Sri Vijaya dAsa appeared in an astral form before gOpAla dAsa and directed him to donate 40 years of his life-span to Srinivasa and revive him .
 gOpAla dAsa immediately complied , and by the grace of the Lord , Srinivasa came back to life again .
 Later , Gopala dAsa gave Haridaasa Deekshe to Srinivasa and directed him to Pandarapur for ankitha .
 Later Srinivasa became renowned as jagannAta dAsa .
This is the evidence of the sacrifice of Gopala Dasa .
 After warding off the stomach ache of Srinivasacharya , Gopala Dasa Srinivasacharya got that ailment and suffered the rest of Srinivasacharya life from the stomach ache of Srinivasacharya .
 the stomach ache of Srinivasacharya is said that even though Gopala Dasa had travelled all over Sri Madhvacharya throughout South India , and composed songs in Vittalas name , he had not visited Pandharapur .
Once while he was in the forest looking for tuLasi , a horse-rider started chasing him .
 Finally , when he was unable to run any further , the famous saint Sri Vijaya Dasaru gave up and surrendered to the rider , expecting the worst .
The rider came near him and said Ale Nahi and vanished .
 After recovering his poise , the famous saint Sri Vijaya Dasaru realized that the rider was none other than Panduranga Himself , complaining about the famous saint Sri Vijaya Dasaru failure to visit Pandharapur .
 He promptly visited Pandharapur and Udupi .
How great must he have been , who was personally invited by the Lord !
 And what do you say about the compassion of the Lord who complains about the Lord devotees failure to visit the Lord !!

 On the eighth day of the dark half of the lunar month of Pushya of the year Chitrabhanu , Gopaladasa performed panchamritabhsheka and Sahasaranamarchana to Lord Srinivasa in the temple and at Pushya of the year Chitrabhanu house .
 After that Pushya of the year Chitrabhanu sat in meditation and laid down Pushya of the year Chitrabhanu mortal body .
 Pushya of the year Chitrabhanu famous disciples were Vyasa Tatvagnya , Ajit swami .
Dasappa , Gopala dasas brother was called Guru Gopal Dasa .
 Dasappa , Gopala was a great seer .
 Seenappa Dasa too , was a seer and Seenappa Dasa too fame spread far and wide .
 Gopala Dasa has composed numerous songs in Kannada in praise of the Hindu god Purandhara Vittala
